item 1a.   risk factors we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our utility operations are subject to extensive economic regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to economic regulation by state pucs. economic regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
18
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
•   cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
•   enable us to recover our investment; and
•   provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval of the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities' operations. some state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including, but not limited to, if water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the level estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including with respect to emerging contaminants, compliance with which could impact our operating costs, and violations of which could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation.
our regulated water and wastewater operations and the operations of our market-based businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and, in the case of our canadian operations, canadian laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, health and safety, the quality of the water we deliver to our customers, water allocation rights, and the manner in which we collect, treat, discharge and dispose of wastewater. these requirements include cercla, the clean water act and the safe drinking water act, epa requirements and similar federal, state and canadian laws and regulations. for example, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
in addition, state pucs and environmental regulators also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our regulated businesses through customer rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination, including potential spills of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
19
attention is being given to emerging contaminants, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). examples of sources of emerging contaminants include, but are not limited to, newly created chemical compounds (including, for example, manufactured nanomaterials); human and veterinary products; perfluorinated and polyfluorinated compounds, including pfna, pfoa and other pfas; bacteria, microbes, viruses, amoebae and other pathogens; and residual by-products of disinfection. we rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants, and our role is to provide service that meets these standards, if any. in some of our states, pucs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for an emerging contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. furthermore, given the rapid pace at which emerging contaminants are being created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system or supplies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. in addition, we believe emerging contaminants may form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. these requirements, which can change from time to time, and vary by state or region, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 20, 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order"), as amended by an order in july 2016 (the "2016 order"), of the swrcb that requires california-american water company, our wholly owned subsidiary ("cal am"), to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule that terminates on december 31, 2021 (the "2021 deadline"). we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. we cannot predict whether cal am will be able to secure alternative sources of water, or if cal am will be exposed to liabilities if it is unable to meet the 2021 deadline under the 2009 order and the 2016 order. if cal am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. see item 3-legal proceedings-alternative water supply in lieu of carmel river diversions, which includes additional information regarding this matter.
the current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in rate case applications; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to reduce regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
20
we endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory policies. for example, three of our states have approved revenue stability mechanisms that adjust rates periodically to ensure that a utility's revenue will be sufficient to cover its costs regardless of sales volume, including recognition of declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in addition, ten of our state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the general rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. furthermore, in setting rates, ten of our state pucs allow us to use future test years, which extend beyond the date a rate request is filed to allow for current or projected revenues, expenses and investments to be reflected in rates on a more timely basis. other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs, property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the general rate case application process.
while these programs have reduced regulatory lag in several of our regulated states, we continue to seek expansion of programs to reduce regulatory lag in those jurisdictions that have not approved such programs. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions, including, without limitation with respect to federal and state income and other tax laws, can materially affect our operations, results of operations and cash flows. the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
•   making it more difficult for us to increase our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
•   changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;
•   restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
•   requiring us to provide water or wastewater services at reduced rates to certain customers;
•   limiting or restricting our ability to acquire water or wastewater systems, purchase or dispose of assets or issue securities, or making it less cost-effective for us to do so;
•   negatively impacting the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, the amount of tax credits or tax abatement benefits that may be available, the amount of taxes owed, or the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
•   changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
•   increasing the costs associated with complying with environmental, health, safety and water quality regulations to which our operations are subject;
•   changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
•   making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or for governmental agencies or private plaintiffs to assess liability against us for damages under these or similar processes;
•   placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
•   restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
•   revoking or altering the terms of the cpcn issued to us by state pucs.
21
any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
in addition, new federal, state and local laws, changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, or administrative interpretations thereof, could impact us. on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), including a reduction in the maximum u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, and certain other provisions related specifically to the public utility industry, including continuation of interest expense deductibility, the exclusion from utilizing bonus depreciation and the normalization of deferred income taxes. the enactment of the tcja required re-measurement of our deferred income taxes, which materially impacted our 2017 results of operations and financial position and had a lesser impact on our 2018 results of operations and financial position. during 2018, all of our 14 jurisdictions subject to economic regulation opened formal proceedings related to the tcja, and proceedings presently remain open in three of them. further, the regulatory treatment of the re-measured deferred income taxes remains open in a number of these jurisdictions. at this time, we cannot predict the impacts on us of the regulatory treatment of the tcja in these open proceedings or matters, or of the enactment or adoption of any related interpretations, if and when issued. moreover, we are unable to determine or predict the potential impacts, if any, of any other new or amended laws, rules or regulations, or interpretations thereof, to the extent they may be ultimately enacted, adopted or issued, on us or our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, climate variability patterns or natural disasters may disrupt our operations or reduce the demand for our water services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather, climate variability patterns and other natural events are possible across all our businesses. these include, among other things, storms, freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, drought, wildfires, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, severe electrical storms and solar flares. weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. tariffs in place or cost recovery proceedings with respect to our regulated businesses may not provide reimbursement to us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. as examples, drought conditions had persisted in california over a five-year period, and had been declared in new jersey in 2016. in 2017, these droughts were declared concluded, but other droughts that may occur from time to time may result in the imposition of voluntary or mandatory water use targets, rationing restrictions, water conservation regulations, and requirements to minimize water system leaks. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant puc determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot assure that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
climate variability may cause increased volatility in weather and may impact water usage and related revenue or require additional expenditures, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise.
the issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. many climate variability predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, such as:
•   increased frequency and duration of droughts;
•   increased precipitation and flooding;
•   increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events;
•   challenges associated with changes in temperature or increases in ocean levels;
•   potential degradation of water quality;
•   decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns;
•   increases in disruptions in service;
22
•   increased costs to repair damaged facilities; or
•   increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of our water production and delivery facilities and systems.
because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. although some or all potential expenditures and costs with respect to our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates, infrastructure replacement surcharges or other regulatory mechanisms, there can be no assurance that state pucs would authorize rate increases to enable us to recover such expenditures and costs, in whole or in part.
a loss of one or more large industrial customers could have a material adverse impact upon the results of operations of one or more of our regulated businesses.
adverse economic conditions or other factors can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage by that customer. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions affecting these industrial customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. tariffs in place with respect to our regulated businesses may not reimburse us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment, and to improve aging infrastructure. in 2018, we invested $1.5 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems will continue into the future and may increase. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt. we may not be able to access our revolving credit facility or the commercial paper, long-term debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all. if we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we could be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
seasonality could adversely affect the volume of water sold and our revenues.
the volume of water we sell during the warmer months, typically in the summer, is generally greater than during other months, due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, the volume of water sold tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the amount of water we sell may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
three of our jurisdictions, california, illinois, and new york, have adopted revenue stability mechanisms that permit us to collect state puc-authorized revenue for a given period, which is not tied to the volume of water sold during that period. revenue stability mechanisms are designed to allow utilities to recover the fixed cost of operations while supporting water conservation goals. in those jurisdictions that have not adopted a revenue stability mechanism, operating results could continue to be affected by seasonality.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
23
contamination of water supplies or our water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reductions in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants or are delivered through our distribution system, or the water service that is provided to our customers, may be subject to contamination, including, among other items, contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources (such as perchlorate, methyl tertiary butyl ether, lead and other materials, chemical spills or other accidents that result in contaminants entering the water source), and possible terrorist attacks. in addition, new categories of these substances continue to emerge in the water industry. if one of our water supplies or the water service provided to our customers is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through the expansion of our current treatment facilities or the development of new sources of supply or new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through insurance, customer rates, tariffs or contract terms. any recovery of these costs that we are able to obtain through regulatory proceedings or otherwise may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of an interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies.
since we engage in the business of providing water service to our customers, contamination of the water supply, or the water service provided to our customers, could result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur, and we may not be protected from these claims or negative impacts therefrom in whole or in part by tariffs or other contract terms. negative impacts to our reputation may occur even if we are not liable for any contamination or other environmental damage or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances in the water or water supplies. in addition, insurance coverage may not cover all or a portion of these losses, and are subject to deductibles and other limitations. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, cybersecurity, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to obtain insurance coverage related to our business, there can be no assurance that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions.
water and wastewater utilities, including our regulated subsidiaries and our market-based businesses, have a large direct and indirect customer base and, as a result, are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of their water, wastewater and related or ancillary services, the quality of water provided, and the amount, timeliness, accuracy and format of bills that are provided for such services. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view us in a favorable light, and may cause us to be susceptible to less favorable legislative, regulatory and economic outcomes, as well as increased regulatory or other oversight and more stringent regulatory or economic requirements. unfavorable regulatory and economic outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations and less favorable economic terms in our agreements related to our market-based businesses, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on us and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
24
new york american water company, inc. ("nyaw") has been the subject of a new york state public service commission ("nyspsc") investigation related to the unintentional provision of incorrect data to a taxing authority that resulted in an over-assessment of real property taxes. nyaw self-reported this issue to the nyspsc promptly after nyaw's senior leadership became aware of it. neither nyaw nor any of its employees received any financial benefit as a result of this matter, as all customer overpayments were provided to the local taxing authorities. the nyspsc investigation also related to the failure of a few employees working on nyaw's 2016 general rate case to properly disclose these issues in that rate case. on september 11, 2018, the supreme court of the state of new york, albany county, approved a settlement of these matters, and nyaw is cooperating with the nysdps to implement its terms. as part of the settlement, nyaw agreed that it would provide up to $4.5 million to benefit nyaw customers through several different mechanisms, which amounts would not be recoverable in rates. nyaw also agreed to accelerate the timing of the payment of approximately $6.4 million in aggregate customer credits. finally, nyaw agreed to engage and cooperate with an independent monitor through september 30, 2021. while the settlement resolves the nyspsc's investigation involving nyaw and those matters set forth above, there can be no assurance that nyaw will not be subject to additional federal, state or local proceedings regarding these and other related matters, and these proceedings could result in increased oversight and civil, administrative and/or criminal sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect upon our reputation and perception.
unfavorable regulatory and economic outcomes also may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations and less favorable economic terms in our agreements related to our market-based businesses, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on us and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulated businesses segment include 80 dams, the majority of which are earthen dams, and the failure of any of which could result in personal injury and property damage, including without limitation downstream property damage, for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases, the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries, property and other damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems, which involves risks, including competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers, that may hinder or limit our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other systems or businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and other buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
25
the negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired systems or businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
•   incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities and environmental liabilities of or with respect to an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;
•   failure to recover acquisition premiums;
•   unanticipated capital expenditures;
•   failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
•   recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
•   fluctuations in quarterly results;
•   unanticipated acquisition-related expenses;
•   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
•   difficulties in assimilating personnel, benefits, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business. the systems and businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability or other perceived synergies, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions.
our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation and other proceedings through eminent domain or other similar authorized process, which could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and financial condition.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. if a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group seeks to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition, we may resist the acquisition.
for example, on november 27, 2018, monterey, california ballot measure j was certified as having been approved by a public vote, requiring the mpwmd to conduct a feasibility study and submit a written plan concerning the feasibility of a potential purchase of our california subsidiary's monterey water service assets without an additional public vote. also, five municipalities in the chicago, illinois area formed a water agency that filed an eminent domain lawsuit against our illinois subsidiary in january 2013, seeking to condemn a water pipeline that serves those five municipalities. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-condemnation and eminent domain, which includes additional information regarding these matters.
furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which our regulated businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if the public utility's infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. in these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. in california, most recently, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. some have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. in some cases, the puc has disallowed recovery in rates of losses incurred by these utilities as a result of such lawsuits.
contesting an exercise of condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of management. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation, eminent domain or other process may not be successful, which may require us to sell the operations at issue in a condemnation proceeding or to pay a private property owner compensation for the property damage suffered. if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant charges. any of these outcomes may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity.
26
we rely on technology systems to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.
our technology systems are an integral part of our business, and any disruption of these systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, we depend on these systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage certain plant operations and construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, supply chain, inventory and accounts receivable collections.
although we do not believe that these systems are at a materially greater risk of failure than other similar organizations, our technology systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:
•   power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;
•   operator error or improper operation by, the negligent or improper supervision of, or the intentional acts of, employees and contractors;
•   physical and electronic loss of customer or employee data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, hacking, denial of services action, misappropriation of data or other property and similar events;
•   computer viruses; and
•   severe weather and other events, including without limitation, hurricanes, tornadoes, fires, floods, earthquakes and other disasters.
these events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer, employee or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation of property and other adverse consequences. in addition, a lack of or inadequate levels of redundancy for certain of these systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us. we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency. any or all of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we may be subject to physical and/or cyber attacks.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks from internal or external sources. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our operational technology and it systems throughout our businesses may be vulnerable to unauthorized external or internal access, due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our sensitive information, could also be targets of cyber attacks and unauthorized access. while we have instituted safeguards to protect our operational technology and it systems, those safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cyber vulnerabilities. we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, our operations could be disrupted, property damaged, and customer and other confidential information lost or stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; suffer a loss of management time, attention and resources from our regular business operations; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. experiencing a cyber security incident could also cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties. these types of events, either impacting our facilities or the industry in general, could also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. in many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others.
27
we have obtained cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach of our it systems, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational technology and it systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks, or the implementation of new systems, may require substantial amounts of management's time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to multiple factors, including employees' ability to effectively use the new or upgraded system. we continue to implement technology to improve our business processes and customer interactions, and have installed new, and upgraded existing, technology systems. these efforts support our broader strategic initiatives and are intended to improve our operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. any technical or other difficulties in upgrading and improving existing or implementing new technology systems may increase costs beyond those anticipated and have an adverse or disruptive effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. we may also experience difficulties integrating current systems with new or upgraded systems, which may impact our ability to serve our customers effectively or efficiently. although we make efforts to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, business and operations, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been or will be mitigated, and any such impacts could harm our business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we may experience workforce injuries or loss of life, and be exposed to financial losses, including penalties and other liabilities.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, contractors, vendors and the public. although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards and aim for zero injuries, it is extremely difficult to avoid all accidents or other safety incidents at all times.
our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees, contractors and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, underground trenches and vaults, chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees, contractors and others may be injured or die. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, expose us to litigation and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the delivery, handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly delivered, handled, stored or disposed of, could result in serious injury, death or property damage, and could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations or procedures could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2018, approximately 49% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 70 collective bargaining agreements in place with 15 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements, including 20 which expired in 2018, and 18 which will expire during 2019, are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to successfully renew or renegotiate these labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations, may disrupt our operations and result in higher labor costs, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
28
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, licensed operators, water quality and other operating and craft personnel, and management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
financial and market-related risks our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2018, our aggregate long-term and short-term debt balance (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $8.6 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
•   exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
•   limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;
•   impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
•   requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
•   limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue new short-term and long-term debt securities. moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2019, 2020 and 2021 will be $72 million, $32 million and $303 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
in an attempt to manage our exposure to interest rate risk associated with our issuance of variable and fixed rate debt, we have entered into, and in the future may enter into, financial derivative instruments, including without limitation, interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements. see item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. however, these efforts may not be effective to fully mitigate interest rate risk, and may expose us to other risks and uncertainties, including quarterly "mark to market" valuation risk associated with these instruments, that could negatively and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we will depend primarily on cash flows from operations to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt. therefore, our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative (including tax initiatives and reforms, and other similar legislation or regulation), regulatory and other factors largely beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected adversely.
29
our inability to access the capital or financial markets or other events could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, we rely primarily on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper programs, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. in this regard, our principal external sources of short-term liquidity are our $2.10 billion commercial paper program and our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. our revolving credit facility expires in accordance with its terms in march 2023. we regularly use our commercial paper program under this revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally can obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2018, american water capital corp. ("awcc"), our wholly owned financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and had $954 million of commercial paper outstanding and $81 million in outstanding letters of credit. there can be no assurance that awcc will be able to continue to access its commercial paper program or its revolving credit facility, when, as and if desired, or that the amount of capital available thereunder will be sufficient to meet all of our liquidity needs at a reasonable, or any, cost.
under the terms of our revolving credit facility, our consolidated debt cannot exceed 70% of our consolidated capitalization, as determined under the terms of the credit facility. if our equity were to decline or debt were to increase to a level that caused our debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility immediately due and payable. to avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict our operational and financing flexibility.
our ability to comply with this and other covenants contained in the revolving credit facility and our other consolidated indebtedness is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond our control. for example, events that could cause a reduction in equity include, without limitation, a significant write-down of our goodwill. even if we are able to comply with this or other covenants, the limitations on our operational and financial flexibility could harm our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that we may believe would be in our best interests or the interests of our shareholders to complete.
disruptions in the capital markets or changes in our credit ratings could also limit our ability to access capital on terms favorable to us or at all. on january 2018, moody's investors service changed its rating outlook from stable to negative for 24 regulated utilities and utility holding companies, including us. while the lending banks that participate in our revolving credit facility have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. these or other occurrences may cause our lenders to not meet their existing commitments, and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan or debt markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under this facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, including as a result of changes in u.s. tax and other laws, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital, debt or credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures.
any of the foregoing events that impede our access to the capital markets, or the failure of any of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions, could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
american water may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to american water.
american water is a holding company and, as such, american water has no substantive operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. american water's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends to american water or repay indebtedness to american water. prior to paying dividends to american water, american water's regulated subsidiaries must comply with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements, and covenants and other agreements made or entered into by american water and its subsidiaries. american water's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends to american water. a failure or inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on american water's liquidity and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
30
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2018, we had u.s. federal and state nol carryforwards of approximately $707 million and $547 million, respectively, and management believes it is more likely than not that these nol carryforwards will be recovered in the future. with the enactment of the tcja, the company analyzed the impacts of the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% on the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, including its nol carryforwards, and as a result, remeasured those nol carryforwards as of the date of enactment of the tcja based on this tax rate change.
our federal nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028, and our state nol carryforwards began to expire in 2019 and will continue to expire through 2037. we expect to fully utilize our federal nol balance before it expires, and our ability to do so is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our state nol carryforwards, and the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, adoption of related interpretations with respect to the tcja and other changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of our nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.6 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2018. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003, the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001, the acquisition of pivotal in 2018 and, to a lesser extent, the acquisition of keystone in 2015. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or, with respect to keystone, fluctuations in the level of exploration and production activities in the marcellus and utica shale regions served by keystone, a prolonged depression of natural gas prices or other factors that negatively impact our current or future forecasts of operating results, cash flows or key assumptions. in this regard, in the third quarter of 2018, we strategically narrowed the scope of the keystone business solely to water transfer services due to operational and financial challenges in the other businesses of keystone. as a result of this strategic change, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $57 million in the third quarter of 2018 related to keystone. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet the expectations of our regulators.
market conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. if interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.
31
in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
new accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the sec, the financial accounting standards board or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies. these changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure.
our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with gaap, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations applicable to us. such compliance permits us to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of our costs and with the reporting requirements under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations.
we have implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act") and relevant sec rules, as well as other applicable regulations. such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by our management and board of directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. while we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure and reporting. the consequences of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. the inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also increase financing costs or could also adversely affect our or awcc's ability to access the capital markets.
additional risks related to our market-based businesses we (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, and these clients may seek to enforce the guarantees if our market-based businesses do not satisfy these obligations.
under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, primarily related to military service group. in the event our market-based businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against us or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2018, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $4.3 billion related to our military services group contracts, and this amount is likely to increase if our market-based businesses expand. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
32
our market-based businesses' operations under our military services group are subject to various risks associated with doing business with the u.s. government.
we enter into contracts with the u.s. government for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems, which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, entering into contracts with the u.s. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations, which are complex, and compliance with these regulations can be expensive and burdensome. if we were charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, we could be suspended or barred from bidding on or receiving awards of new contracts with the u.s. government or our existing contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our market-based businesses under the contract services group operate a limited number of water and wastewater systems under long-term o&m contracts and face the risk that the owners of those systems may fail to provide capital to properly maintain those systems, which may negatively affect the contract services group as the operator of the systems, and we may incur costs in excess of payments received.
the contract services group operates a limited number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts. pursuant to these contracts, the contract services group operates the system according to the standards set forth in the applicable contract, and it is generally the responsibility of the owner of the system to undertake capital improvements. in some cases, the contract services group may not be able to convince the owner to make needed improvements in order to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. although violations and fines incurred by water and wastewater systems may be the responsibility of the owner of the system under these contracts, those non-compliance events may reflect poorly on the contract services group as the operator of the system and us, and damage our reputation, and in some cases, may result in liability to us to the same extent as if we were the owner.
in addition, the contract services group has entered into long-term contracts under which they agree to operate and maintain a municipality's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities, which includes specified major maintenance for some of those facilities, in exchange for an annual fee. the contract services group is generally subject to the risk that costs associated with operating and maintaining the facilities, including production costs such as purchased water, electricity, fuel and chemicals used in water treatment, may exceed the fees received from the municipality or other contracting party. losses under these contracts or guarantees may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
keystone's operations may expose us to substantial costs and liabilities with respect to environmental laws and matters.
keystone's operations, and the operation generally of natural gas and oil exploration and production facilities by keystone's customers, are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing the release of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. these provisions may require the acquisition by keystone of permits or licenses before providing its services to customers, prohibit the release of substances defined thereunder as hazardous in connection with these activities, and impose substantial liabilities for the violation thereof that may result from these operations. failure to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and ordinances may result in substantial environmental remediation and other costs to keystone, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties or the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting certain activities. under existing environmental laws and regulations, keystone could be held strictly liable for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination regardless of whether the release resulted from its operations, or whether its operations were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. while we have structured and maintained our ownership and control of keystone's operations in such a way that we believe should insulate the company, its regulated subsidiaries and its other market-based businesses from any liabilities associated with keystone's operations, including liabilities for environmental matters, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient to prevent the company from incurring liability for the operations of keystone.
changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes to these or other laws governing the natural gas and oil exploration industry that result in more stringent or costly water or wastewater handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could require keystone to make significant expenditures to maintain compliance with such requirements, may harm keystone's business and results of operations by reducing the demand for keystone's water and related services, and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on keystone's competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
33
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those we discuss under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview american water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. we employ approximately 7,100 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to more than 14 million people in 46 states and ontario, canada. our primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers, collectively presented as our "regulated businesses." our utilities operate in approximately 1,600 communities in 16 states in the united states, with approximately 3.4 million active customers to our water and wastewater networks. services provided by our utilities are generally subject to economic regulation by certain state utility commissions or other entities engaged in utility regulation. we also operate market-based businesses which provide a broad range of related and complementary water, wastewater and other services to residential and smaller commercial customers, the u.s. government on military installations and shale natural gas exploration and production companies, as well as municipalities, utilities and industrial customers, collectively presented as our market-based businesses. see item 1-business for additional information.
financial results the following table provides our diluted earnings per share (gaap) and our adjusted diluted earnings per share (a non-gaap measure):
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                 2017                2016
diluted earnings per share (gaap):
net income attributable to common shareholders             $3.15               $2.38             $2.62
adjustments:
gain on sale of contract services group contracts          (0.08    )              -             -
income tax impact                                           0.02                   -             -
net adjustment                                             (0.06    )              -             -
keystone impairment charge                                  0.31                   -             -
income tax impact                                          (0.08    )              -             -
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest           (0.01    )              -             -
net adjustment                                              0.22                   -             -
freedom industries settlement and insurance recoveries     (0.11    )          (0.12    )           0.36
income tax impact                                           0.03                0.05             (0.14     )
net adjustment                                             (0.08    )          (0.07    )           0.22
early extinguishment of debt at the parent company             -                0.03             -
income tax impact                                              -               (0.01    )        -
net adjustment                                                 -                0.02             -
impact of re-measurement from the tcja                      0.07                0.70             -
total net adjustments                                       0.15                0.65                0.22
adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap)             $3.30               $3.03             $2.84
42
for the year ended december 31, 2018, diluted earnings per share (gaap) were $3.15, an increase of $0.77 per diluted share, or 32.4% compared to the prior year, which includes the net adjustments presented in the table above and discussed in greater detail in the "adjustments to gaap" section below.
excluding the net adjustments presented in the table above, adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap) were $3.30 for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of $0.27 per diluted share, or 8.9% compared to the prior year.
these results were driven by continued growth in our regulated businesses from infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth, combined with strong results in our market-based businesses, primarily in our homeowner services group with the mid-year acquisition of pivotal. these increases were partially offset by higher o&m and depreciation expenses from the growth of the business and a lower tax shield on interest expense at the parent company resulting from the tcja.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, diluted earnings per share (gaap) were $2.38 per diluted share, a decrease of $0.24 per diluted share, or 9.2% compared to the prior year, which includes the net adjustments presented in the table above and discussed in greater detail in the "adjustments to gaap" section below.
excluding the net adjustments presented in the table above, adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap) were $3.03 for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $0.19 per diluted share, or 6.7% compared to the prior year.
these results were driven by continued growth in our regulated businesses from infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth, combined with growth in our market-based businesses from our homeowner services group and keystone. these increases were partially offset by lower water services demand in our regulated businesses and lower capital upgrades in our military services group.
adjustments to gaap adjusted diluted earnings per share represents a non-gaap financial measure and is calculated as gaap diluted earnings per share, excluding the impact of one or more of the following events: (i) a gain in the third quarter of 2018 on the sale of the majority of our contract services group's o&m contracts; (ii) a goodwill and intangible impairment charge in the third quarter of 2018 resulting from narrowing the scope of the keystone business; (iii) insurance settlements received in the third quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018 related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia; (iv) non-cash re-measurement charges recorded in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2018 resulting from the impact of the change in the federal corporate income tax rate on the company's deferred income taxes from the enactment of the tcja; (v) an early extinguishment of debt charge at the parent company in the third quarter of 2017; and (vi) a charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims related to the freedom industries chemical spill.
we believe that this non-gaap measure provides investors with useful information by excluding certain matters that may not be indicative of our ongoing operating results, and that providing this non-gaap measure will allow investors to understand better our businesses' operating performance and facilitate a meaningful year-to-year comparison of our results of operations. although management uses this non-gaap financial measure internally to evaluate our results of operations, we do not intend results excluding the adjustments to represent results as defined by gaap, and the reader should not consider them as indicators of performance. this non-gaap financial measure is derived from our consolidated financial information and it should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, this non-gaap financial measure as defined and used above may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap measures used by other companies, and, accordingly, it may have significant limitations on its use.
achievements and strategic focus we believe our success has, and will continue to be, guided by the following strategic philosophies:
•   purpose driven-"we keep life flowing" is our trademark purpose, for our customers and our communities, because we provide the most precious of life's critical needs.
•   people powered-a company is its people. people who have a safe place to work, both physically and emotionally.
•   customer obsessed-without customers, we don't exist. they are why we are here.
•   trusted source of everything water- best in class, ensuring we have safe, reliable and affordable water.
43
our strategy, which is driven by our vision and values, will continue to be anchored on our five central themes:
•   safety-safety is both a strategy and a value at american water. we put safety first in everything that we do.
•   in 2018, we:
•   finished the year with fewer employee injuries than the prior year, improving both our occupational safety and health administration recordable incident rate ("orir") and days away, restricted or transferred ("dart") injury severity rate;
•   continued to strengthen our safety culture as measured by employee responses to safety-related questions in the company's culture survey, and feedback from our in-person, labor-management conferences;
•   initiated a frontline safety leadership strategic action group, developed to provide recommendations to improve safety leadership training, tools, and engagement; and
•   championed, through our safety council which consists of management and labor employees, our annual safety day, the ceo safety award and other recognition programs.
•   looking forward, we will:
•   strive toward zero workplace incidents and eliminate hazards to reduce the potential for incidents;
•   continue our focus on "near miss reporting" and promoting continuous learning and corrective action regarding potential safety hazards before incidents can occur;
•   improve toward the achievement of our orir and dart targets;
•   continue our focus on requiring contractors that perform work for the company be held to the same safety standards as our employees; and
•   continue to promote the company's employee stop work authority, where every employee is empowered to stop any work he or she perceives as unsafe, and to initiate a review to resolve concerns and to eliminate safety hazards.
•   customer-our customers are at the center of everything we plan and do. customer input, their ideas and experiences will drive how we improve our processes and systems. we want to be the best, and if our customers have a choice as to who serves them, we want it to be us.
•   in 2018, we:
•   achieved a customer satisfaction rating in the top quartile among our industry peer group;
•   expanded our customer experience initiative, designed to make it easier for customers to do business with us, and enhanced our quality of service through implementation and upgrades of technology tools; and
•   continued to make needed infrastructure investments while implementing operational efficiency improvements to keep customer bills affordable.
•   looking forward, we will:
•   aim to achieve customer satisfaction and service quality ratings in the top quartile of service industries beyond the water and wastewater industry. we are implementing a multi-year plan to enhance technology and innovation in our customer experience through (i) leveraging secure artificial intelligence to better serve our customers, (ii) using online customer communities for immediate input and reactions before implementing programs, and (iii) mapping our most frequent customer interactions and re-working our internal processes to how customers want services; and
•   aim for top quartile ratings for drinking water quality and being an industry leader in system resiliency and environmental stewardship.
•   people-we are building an inclusive, diverse, fully-engaged, high performance workforce and culture, creating an environment where our people feel valued, included and accountable.
•   in 2018, we:
•   continued to demonstrate our commitment to employees by expanding training and development across the company, with virtually all employees completing at least 20 hours of formal training during 2018;
44
•   expanded the executive leadership team to include key operational leaders across the company to enable a broader operational focus and stronger communication throughout the organization;
•   reached a new, five-year national benefits agreement with approximately 3,200 of our union-represented employees, including their participation in the company's annual performance plan, which will align company goals across all employees, as well as providing additional medical plan options for our employees and their families; and
•   simplified our performance management process to foster meaningful feedback conversations and ensure feedback is the focus of performance management.
•   looking forward, we will:
•   implement a strategic workforce plan which will address the changing requirements of our business and our jobs, largely driven by our customer's expectations and new technologies;
•   continue to improve inclusion and diversity of our overall employee population, ensuring our workforce is reflective of the customers and communities we serve;
•   implement a new and more frequent culture survey focused on employee insights into how american water can become a better company to work for, and to implement recommendations with the goal of increasing employees' likelihood to recommend american water as a place to work; and
•   leverage technology to ensure our employees have the tools and resources they need to keep the customer at the center of everything that we plan and do.
•   growth-we expect to continue to grow our businesses, with the majority of our growth to be achieved in our regulated businesses through (i) continued capital investment in our infrastructure to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to our customers, and (ii) regulated acquisitions to expand our services to new customers. we also expect to continue to grow our market-based businesses, which leverage our core water and wastewater competencies.
•   in 2018, we invested $2.0 billion in our regulated businesses and market-based businesses.
regulated businesses growth
•   $1.5 billion capital investment in our regulated businesses, the majority for infrastructure improvements and replacements.
•   $33 million to fund acquisitions in our regulated businesses, which added approximately 14,000 water and wastewater customers.
•   entered into agreements as of january 31, 2019 for pending acquisitions to add approximately 61,000 customers including:
•   on may 30, 2018, our pennsylvania subsidiary entered into an agreement to acquire the wastewater assets of exeter township, pennsylvania, for approximately $96 million. this system currently serves approximately 9,000 customers. we are expecting to close this acquisition during the third quarter of 2019, pending regulatory approval.
•   on april 13, 2018, our illinois subsidiary entered into an agreement to acquire the city of alton, illinois' regional wastewater system for approximately $54 million. this system currently represents approximately 23,000 customers, comprised of approximately 11,000 customers in alton and an additional 12,000 customers under bulk contracts in the nearby communities of bethalto and godfrey. in connection with the execution of the purchase agreement, our illinois subsidiary made a $5 million non-escrowed deposit to the seller during january 2019. we are expecting to close this acquisition during the second quarter of 2019, pending regulatory approval.
market-based businesses growth and optimization
•   we invested $365 million to acquire pivotal, a leading provider of home warranty protection products and services for gas, electric and other service lines inside and around a home, heating and cooling systems, and home appliances. pivotal, which joins our homeowner services group, operates in 18 states with approximately 1.2 million customer contracts at the time of acquisition.
45
•   our military services group was awarded a contract for ownership, operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at fort leonard wood in missouri, effective october 1, 2018. designated as the u.s. army's maneuver support center of excellence and the home to three u.s. army schools, fort leonard wood directly and indirectly supports 36,400 jobs across the state of missouri. the contract award includes estimated revenues of approximately $591 million over a 50-year period, subject to an annual economic price adjustment.
•   on july 5, 2018, we entered into an agreement for the sale of 22 of our contract services group's 33 o&amp;m contracts to subsidiaries of veolia environnement s.a. for $27 million. we closed on the sale of 20 of the 22 contracts during the third quarter of 2018, and expect to close on the sale of the remaining two contracts, subject to customer consents, in the first half of 2019. we will retain four of our o&amp;m contracts due to their proximity to our existing service areas, and expect the majority of our remaining o&amp;m contracts to be sold to other parties, or expire within the next year.
•   as a result of operational and financial challenges encountered in the construction business of keystone, the company decided to exit this business line during the third quarter of 2018. this action, along with the exit of the water trucking business line during the first half of 2018, narrowed the scope of the keystone business going forward, focusing solely on providing water transfer services. these factors prompted the impairment testing of keystone's goodwill and customer relationship intangible asset at september 30, 2018, resulting in a non-cash, after-tax, impairment charge of $40 million, net of noncontrolling interest. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•   looking forward, we expect to invest between $8.0 billion to $8.6 billion from 2019 to 2023, including a range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2019. our expected future investment includes:
•   capital investment for infrastructure improvements in our regulated businesses of $7.3 billion over the next five years, including $1.6 billion expected in 2019;
•   growth from acquisitions in our regulated businesses to expand our water and wastewater customer base of between $600 million to $1.2 billion over the next five years, including a range of $120 million to $240 million expected in 2019; and
•   strategic capital investments of approximately $100 million over the next five years, which consists primarily of intellectual property development and strategic growth opportunities in our market-based businesses.
the following chart depicts the estimated allocation of our expected capital investment for infrastructure improvements in our regulated businesses over the next five years, by purpose:
46
•   operational excellence-we continue to strive for industry-leading operational efficiency, driven largely by technology. our technology investments are aimed at enhancing our customer experience and operational efficiency.
•   in 2018:
•   our regulated businesses achieved an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure) of 35.6% for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to 35.3% and 36.6% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the unfavorability in our adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio in 2018, when compared to 2017, was primarily due to a settlement agreement in our new york subsidiary and higher expenses incurred from the colder weather experienced during the first quarter of 2018. the improvement in our adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio in 2017, when compared to 2016, was attributable to both an increase in operating revenues and a decrease in o&amp;m expenses;
•   we worked to decrease costs and deploy capital efficiently, including using trenchless technologies for pipeline rehabilitation and leveraging our buying power and strategic sourcing to drive cost savings;
•   we continued our commitment to water quality and the environment by leveraging new technologies; we now have advanced water quality sensors at all of our major drinking water intake sites and we are automating our reporting and compliance systems; and
•   we implemented other technology tools that will enhance communication, collaboration and mobility to help our employees work safely and efficiently, and enhance the customer experience.
•   looking forward, we will focus on technology and efficiency to:
•   be the leader in optimizing technology deployment across the water and wastewater industry, with a keen focus on specific, innovative projects that will set us apart from other utilities; aiding us in serving our customers with greater ease, making us safer and helping us operate more efficiently; and
•   achieve our goal of an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio of 31.5% by 2023.
our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio is defined as the operation and maintenance expenses from our regulated businesses, divided by the pro forma operating revenues from our regulated businesses, where both operation and maintenance expenses and pro forma operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. additionally, from operation and maintenance expenses, we excluded the allocable portion of non-operation and maintenance support services costs, mainly depreciation and general taxes, that are reflected in our regulated businesses segment as operation and maintenance expenses, but for consolidated financial reporting purposes, are categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
in addition to the adjustments discussed above, for period-to-period comparability purposes, we have presented the estimated impact of the tcja on operating revenues for our regulated businesses on a pro forma basis for all periods presented prior to january 1, 2018, as if the lower federal corporate income tax rate was in effect for these periods (see note 7-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information). we also made the following adjustments to our o&m efficiency ratio: (i) excluded from operation and maintenance expenses, the impact of certain freedom industries chemical spill settlement activities recognized in 2016, 2017 and 2018; and (ii) excluded from operation and maintenance expenses, the impact of the company's january 1, 2018 adoption of accounting standards update 2017-07, improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit cost ("asu 2017-07") for 2016, 2017 and 2018. see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we excluded the items discussed above from the calculation as we believe such items are not reflective of management's ability to increase the efficiency of our regulated businesses.
we evaluate our operating performance using this ratio because we believe it directly measures improvement in the efficiency of our regulated businesses. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of our operating performance. our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio is not an accounting measure that is based on gaap, may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures and should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this form 10-k.
47
with respect to our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio goal for 2023, we are unable to provide without unreasonable efforts a quantitative reconciliation of each component of this ratio to the most comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap. in calculating the components of the ratio, certain items that may ultimately be excluded would be reflective of events that cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. the unavailable information would include, among other things, the impact of items currently excluded from the calculation of the components, adjustments for weather conditions that exceed a certain threshold of variability and adjustments for events or circumstances that may not be reflective of ongoing operating results. the probable significance of these items is also presently unknown and cannot be reasonably estimated.
the following table provides the calculation of our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio and a reconciliation that compares operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues, each as determined in accordance with gaap, to those amounts utilized in the calculation of our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio:
for the years ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                            2018                  2017                  2016
total operation and maintenance expenses (a)                              $1,479                $1,369                $1,499
less:
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses                   362                   337                   372
operation and maintenance expenses-other (a)                                 (42    )              (44    )              (38    )
total operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (a)          1,159                 1,076                 1,165
less:
regulated purchased water expenses                                           133                   128                   122
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                          31                    29                    30
impact of freedom industries settlement activities (b)                       (20    )              (22    )               65
adjusted operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (i)      $1,015                  $941                  $948
total operating revenues                                                  $3,440                $3,357                $3,302
less:
pro forma adjustment for impact of the tcja (c)                                -                   166                   161
total pro forma operating revenues                                         3,440                 3,191                 3,141
less:
operating revenues-market-based businesses                                   476                   422                   451
operating revenues-other                                                     (20    )              (23    )              (20    )
total operating revenues-regulated businesses                              2,984                 2,792                 2,710
less:
regulated purchased water revenues (d)                                       133                   128                   122
adjusted operating revenues-regulated businesses (ii)                     $2,851                $2,664                $2,588
adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio-regulated businesses (i) / (ii)           35.6    %             35.3    %             36.6    %
note   the adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratios previously reported for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were 33.8% and 34.9%, respectively, which did not include the adjustments for the items discussed in footnotes (a) and (c) below.
(a)   includes the impact of the company's adoption of asu 2017-07 on january 1, 2018. see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   includes the impact of the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims in 2016, and settlements in 2017 and 2018 with two of our general liability insurance carriers in connection with the freedom industries chemical spill.
(c)   includes the estimated impact of the tcja on operating revenues for our regulated businesses for all periods presented prior to january 1, 2018, as if the lower federal corporate income tax rate was in effect for these periods. see note 7-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the calculation assumes regulated purchased water revenues approximate regulated purchased water expenses.
48
regulatory matters general rate cases the following table provides annualized incremental revenues resulting from general rate case authorizations that became effective during 2016 through 2018, assuming a constant water sales volume:
(in millions)                                                               2018            2017            2016
general rate cases by state:
new jersey (a)                                                           $40              $-              $-
missouri (effective may 28, 2018, july 22, 2016 and july 20, 2016)        33               -               5
new york (effective april 1, 2018 and june 1, 2017)                        5               4               -
pennsylvania (effective january 1, 2018)                                  62               -               -
california (b)                                                            10               5               2
virginia (c)                                                               -               5               -
iowa (effective march 27, 2017)                                            -               4               -
illinois (effective january 1, 2017)                                       -              25               -
kentucky (effective august 28, 2016)                                       -               -               7
west virginia (effective february 25, 2016)                                -               -              18
indiana (effective january 29, 2016)                                       -               -               2
total general rate case authorizations                                  $150             $43             $34
(a)   the effective date was june 15, 2018. as part of the resolution of the general rate case, our new jersey customers will receive refunds for the amount of provisional rates implemented as of june 15, 2018 and collected that exceeded the final rate increase, plus interest.
(b)   on december 13, 2018, a settlement in our california subsidiary's general rate case filing was approved, authorizing rates effective january 1, 2018. in 2017, step rates were effective january 13 through february 2. in 2016, step rates were effective january 1.
(c)   the effective date was may 24, 2017, authorizing the implementation of interim rates as of april 1, 2016.
on february 8, 2019, a settlement in our west virginia subsidiary's general rate case filing was approved authorizing additional annualized revenues of $19 million, effective february 25, 2019, exclusive of infrastructure replacement surcharges effective in 2017 and 2018.
on february 5, 2019, a settlement in our maryland subsidiary's general rate case filing was approved authorizing additional annualized revenues of $1 million, effective february 5, 2019.
pending general rate case filings on november 28, 2018, our kentucky subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $20 million in additional annualized revenues.
on november 2, 2018, our virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $5 million in additional annualized revenues.
on september 14, 2018, our indiana subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $18 million and $21 million in additional annualized revenues in 2019 and 2020, respectively.
49
infrastructure surcharges a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. the following table provides annualized incremental revenues resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective during 2016 through 2018, assuming a constant water sales volume:
(in millions)                                                                  2018            2017            2016
infrastructure surcharges by state:
missouri (effective december 15, 2018 and december 15, 2017)                 $6              $6              $-
tennessee (effective april 10, 2018, march 14, 2017 and march 15, 2016)       1               2               2
indiana (effective march 14, 2018, march 22, 2017 and may 4, 2016)            7               8               3
virginia (effective march 1, 2018)                                            1               -               -
illinois (a)                                                                  3               -               7
west virginia (effective january 1, 2018 and january 1, 2017)                 3               2               -
new jersey (b)                                                                -              14              19
pennsylvania (c)                                                              -               1              28
total infrastructure surcharge authorizations                               $21             $33             $59
(a)   in 2018, the effective date was january 1. in 2016, $1 million was effective january 1 and $6 million was effective august 1.
(b)   in 2017, $10 million was effective june 1 and $4 million was effective december 10. in 2016, $9 million was effective june 1 and $10 million was effective december 1.
(c)   in 2017, the effective date was january 1. in 2016, $11 million, $2 million, $6 million and $9 million were effective january 1, april 1, july 1 and october 1, respectively.
on february 8, 2019, our west virginia subsidiary received authorization for additional annualized revenues of $2 million from an infrastructure surcharge filing, effective january 1, 2019.
on december 20, 2018, our illinois subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting $8 million in additional annualized revenues, which will become effective on january 1, 2019.
pending infrastructure surcharge filings on november 16, 2018, our tennessee subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting $2 million in additional annualized revenues.
there is no assurance that all or any portion of these requests will be granted.
tax matters tax cuts and jobs act on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, including a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, and certain other provisions related specifically to the public utility industry, including continuation of interest expense deductibility, the exclusion from utilizing bonus depreciation and the normalization of deferred income tax. the enactment of the tcja required a re-measurement of our deferred income taxes that materially impacted our 2017 results of operations and financial position. the portion of this re-measurement related to our regulated businesses was substantially offset by a regulatory liability, as we believe it is probable that the deferred income tax excesses created by the tcja will benefit our regulated customers in future rates. the remaining portion of this re-measurement of the net deferred income tax liability was recorded as a non-cash charge to earnings during the fourth quarter of 2017. during 2018, we continued to gather, assess and evaluate additional guidance and regulations related to the changes related to the tcja. as a result of this process, we have recorded additional adjustments to finalize our initial 2017 estimates. see note 14-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
50
during 2018, the company's 14 regulatory jurisdictions began to consider the impacts of the tcja. the company has adjusted customer rates to reflect the lower income tax rate in 10 states. in one of those 10 states, a portion of the tax savings is being used to reduce certain regulatory assets. in one additional state, we are using the tax savings to offset additional capital investment and to reduce a regulatory asset. proceedings in the other three jurisdictions remain pending. with respect to excess accumulated deferred income taxes, regulators in the eight states that have considered the issue have agreed with our overall timeline of passing the excess back to customers beginning no earlier than 2019, when the company is able to produce the normalization schedule using the average rate assumption method. in one of those states, we will use the amortization of the excess accumulated deferred income taxes to offset future infrastructure investments.
on march 23, 2018, president trump signed the consolidated appropriations act of 2018 (the "caa"). the caa corrects and clarifies some aspects of the tcja related to bonus depreciation eligibility. specifically, property that was acquired, or the construction began, prior to september 27, 2017, is eligible for bonus depreciation. this clarification allowed the company to benefit from additional bonus depreciation deductions on the 2017 tax return, and as a result, we believe that we will likely begin paying federal income taxes towards the end of 2019, when we expect our federal nol carryforwards balance will be fully used, and expect to be a full year cash taxpayer by 2020, although this timing could be impacted by any significant changes in our future results of operations and the outcome of pending regulatory proceedings regarding the tcja.
on november 26, 2018, the u.s. department of the treasury released proposed regulations concerning interest expense limitation rules. the tcja revised and broadened the existing interest expense limitation regulations. the company has considered all the rules set forth in the proposed regulation including allocated interest expense and interest income based on the relative amounts of the company's adjusted basis in the assets used in its excepted and non-excepted trades or business, or our regulated businesses and market-based businesses. based on our interpretation of the new guidance, the company reasonably believes the deductibility of its interest expense will not be limited under the new regulations.
other tax matters on june 1, 2018, the state of missouri enacted legislation that decreased the state income tax rate on our taxable income attributable to missouri from 6.25% to 4.00%, beginning in the 2020 tax year. as a result, we were required to re-measure our cumulative deferred income tax balances using the lower state income tax rate in the second quarter of 2018. this resulted in a decrease to the company's unitary deferred income tax liability of $12 million, and an increase to a regulatory liability of $13 million, as we believe it is probable of refund in future rates.
on may 30, 2018, the state of iowa enacted legislation that decreased the state income tax rate on our taxable income attributable to iowa from 12.0% to 9.8%, beginning in the 2021 tax year. the deferred income tax liability for our iowa subsidiary was reduced by $1 million, and offset by a regulatory liability, as we believe this liability is probable of refund in future rates.
on april 13, 2018, the state of kentucky enacted legislation that decreased the state income tax rate on our taxable income attributable to kentucky from 6% to 5%, beginning in the 2018 tax year. in addition, beginning in the 2019 tax year, a consolidated return, including all affiliated group members, will be required. as a result, we were required to record a deferred income tax liability of $7 million for our kentucky unitary filing group, and the existing deferred income tax liability related to our kentucky subsidiary was reduced by $1 million, offset by a regulatory liability, as we believe this liability is probable of refund in future rates.
the company performed its annual review of the apportionment rates in all of its unitary filing jurisdictions and implemented changes to reflect considerations for historical results and future business outlooks in each of the jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2018, we recorded a non-cash, cumulative charge to earnings of $12 million, resulting from the legislative changes described above and the adjustments made through various state income tax apportionment rates.
on july 1, 2018, the state of new jersey enacted legislation that increased the corporate business tax rate from 9.0% to 11.5% for the 2018 and 2019 tax years, and to 10.5% for the 2020 and 2021 tax years. the tax rate will revert back to 9.0% for tax year 2022 and beyond. additionally, the new legislation states that for the year beginning on and after january 1, 2019, a unitary group will be required to file a combined unitary new jersey tax return. the legislation allows a deduction over a 10-year period, commencing five years after the enactment of unitary combined reporting, if the combined reporting provisions result in an aggregate increase to the net deferred income tax liability or an aggregate decrease to the net deferred income tax asset. thus, the deferred income tax liability resulting from the unitary filing requirement would be completely offset by the deferred income tax asset derived from this deduction. there are no underlying impacts to the company's earnings as a result of the new filing requirement. on october 4, 2018, new jersey's governor signed a technical correction bill into law. the correction bill provides an exclusion for water and wastewater utility companies whose rates are regulated from the combined reporting requirement. the company's tax credit granted by the state of new jersey will not be impacted by the law changes mentioned above.
51
legislative updates during 2018, our regulatory jurisdictions enacted legislation as follows:
•   house file 2307 in iowa and house bill 1566 in maryland allow a fair market value methodology to be included in rate base with respect to prospective acquisitions.
•   senate enrolled act 362 in indiana, which, similar to the water quality accountability act enacted in new jersey in 2017, sets new operational standards and requirements for water and wastewater treatment plants in areas such as capital asset management, cost-benefit analysis and cybersecurity.
•   senate bill 705 in missouri allows the missouri public service commission to approve a revenue stability mechanism ("rsm") for water utilities. in an effort to encourage conservation, a rsm adjusts rates periodically to ensure that a utility's revenue will be sufficient to cover its costs, and customers will not overpay for service.
•   senate bill 592 in missouri changes the public vote requirement for the sale of a municipal water or wastewater system to a simple majority for more than 500 small towns. historically, only larger communities required a simple majority, while smaller communities needed a two-thirds majority. this legislation increases the options for small towns, should they decide to address their water and sewer challenges through an asset sale.
•   legislation was passed in iowa that allows private water utilities to use a future test year approach in rate cases, decreasing potential regulatory lag and helping to spread out the time between rate cases.
•   in california, assembly bill 2179 changed the vote required to allow cities to sell sewer systems to a simple majority as compared to a two-thirds majority, and assembly bill 2339 allowed certain cities to sell water systems without an election.
•   act 58 of 2018 in pennsylvania allows public utilities to implement alternative rates and rate mechanisms in rate base proceedings. these alternative rates and rate mechanisms include, but are not limited to the following: revenue stability mechanisms, performance-based rates, formula rates, multi-year rate plans, or a combination of those mechanisms or other mechanisms. petitions to establish alternative rate mechanisms are subject to puc review and approval and can only be filed by a utility in a rate base proceeding.
•   on october 17, 2018, the pennsylvania general assembly passed legislation that allows an investor-owned water utility to include the replacement costs for customer-owned lsls and customer-owned damaged wastewater laterals in rate base when replaced as part of a pennsylvania public utility commission approved program. the law became effective december 23, 2018. prior to the new law, our pennsylvania subsidiary sought the approval of the pennsylvania public utility commission to revise the company's rules to permit it to replace customer-owned lsls and to recover associated costs. our pennsylvania subsidiary's proposed replacement of customer-owned lsl program is being reviewed under the provisions of the new law.
•   on october 23, 2018, president trump signed america's water infrastructure act of 2018. the legislation includes policies intended to improve water and wastewater system management and authorization for states to assess options for consolidation for systems that do not comply with the federal safe drinking water act and its rules and regulations. the legislation increases funding to water system funding programs, including the state revolving loan fund program and the water infrastructure finance and innovation act.
52
consolidated results of operations the following table provides our consolidated results of operations and the ensuing discussions provide explanations for the variances related to the major components:
for the years ended december 31,                        increase (decrease)                      increase (decrease)
2018                                                                               2017                  2016                              2018 vs. 2017                            2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                   $              %                           $            %
operating revenues                                    $3,440                $3,357                $3,302                  $83                  2.5                   $55                1.7
operating expenses:
operation and maintenance                              1,479                 1,369                 1,499                  110                  8.0                  (130     )         (8.7   )
depreciation and amortization                            545                   492                   470                   53                 10.8                    22                4.7
general taxes                                            277                   259                   258                   18                  6.9                     1                0.4
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases               (20    )              (16    )              (10    )              (4     )           25.0                    (6     )         60.0
impairment charge                                         57                     -                     -                   57                100.0                     -                  -
total operating expenses, net                          2,338                 2,104                 2,217                  234                 11.1                  (113     )         (5.1   )
operating income                                       1,102                 1,253                 1,085                 (151     )          (12.1     )             168               15.5
other income (expense):
interest, net                                           (350    )             (342    )             (325    )              (8     )            2.3                   (17     )          5.2
non-operating benefit costs, net                          20                    (9    )               (5    )              29                322.2                    (4     )         80.0
loss on early extinguishment of debt                      (4    )               (7    )                -                    3                (42.9     )              (7     )        100.0
other, net                                                19                    17                    15                    2                 11.8                     2               13.3
total other income (expense)                            (315    )             (341    )             (315    )              26                 (7.6     )             (26     )          8.3
income before income taxes                               787                   912                   770                 (125     )          (13.7     )             142               18.4
provision for income taxes                               222                   486                   302                 (264     )          (54.3     )             184               60.9
consolidated net income                                  565                   426                   468                  139                 32.6                   (42     )         (9.0   )
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest          (2    )                -                     -                   (2     )         (100.0     )               -                  -
net income attributable to common shareholders          $567                  $426                  $468                 $141                 33.1                  $(42     )         (9.0   )
in 2018, net income attributable to common shareholders increased $141 million, or 33.1 percent, compared to the same period in 2017. this increase was due to a $125 million non-cash charge in 2017 related to the implementation of tcja, continued growth in the regulated businesses, driven by infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth and growth in the market-based businesses, mainly from our homeowner services group due to the mid-year acquisition of pivotal. these increases were partially offset by higher o&m and depreciation expenses across the company due to growth of the business and the asset impairment charge recorded for our keystone subsidiary during the third quarter of 2018.
in 2017, net income attributable to common shareholders decreased $42 million, or 9.0 percent, as compared to the same period in 2016. this decrease was due to a $125 million non-cash charge in 2017 related to the implementation of tcja resulting from the re-measurement of deferred taxes primarily at the parent company from the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. partially offsetting this non-cash charge was continued growth in the regulated businesses driven mainly by infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth, combined with growth in the market-based businesses mainly from the homeowner services group and keystone.
segment results of operations our operating segments are comprised of the revenue-generating components of the business for which separate financial information is internally produced and regularly used by management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. the company operates its business primarily through one reportable segment, the regulated businesses segment. we also operate several market-based businesses within operating segments that individually do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap. these non-reportable operating segments are collectively presented as our market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses.
53
regulated businesses segment the following table provides financial information for our regulated businesses:
for the years ended december 31,                      increase (decrease)                      increase (decrease)
2018                                                                             2017                  2016                            2018 vs. 2017                            2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                $             %                           $            %
operating revenues                                  $2,984                $2,958                $2,871                 $26                 0.9                   $87                3.0
operation and maintenance                            1,159                 1,076                 1,165                  83                 7.7                   (89     )         (7.6     )
depreciation and amortization                          500                   462                   440                  38                 8.2                    22                5.0
general taxes                                          261                   244                   242                  17                 7.0                     2                0.8
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases              (7    )              (16    )               (7    )              9               (56.3     )              (9     )        128.6
interest, net                                         (280    )             (268    )             (256    )            (12     )           4.5                   (12     )          4.7
other income (expenses)                               (247    )             (266    )             (257    )             19                (7.1     )              (9     )          3.5
income before income taxes                             826                   925                   775                 (99     )         (10.7     )             150               19.4
provision for income taxes                             224                   367                   303                (143     )         (39.0     )              64               21.1
net income attributable to common shareholders         602                   559                   472                  43                 7.7                    87               18.4
operating revenues the following tables provide provide information regarding the main components of our regulated businesses' operating revenues and the ensuing discussions provide explanation for the material variances:
for the years ended december 31,                      increase (decrease)                     increase (decrease)
2018                                                       2017                  2016                            2018 vs. 2017                           2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                          $             %                          $            %
water services:
residential                   $1,663                $1,644                $1,601                 $19                 1.2                  $43                2.7
commercial                       616                   601                   582                  15                 2.5                   19                3.3
fire service                     137                   139                   134                  (2     )          (1.4     )              5                3.7
industrial                       136                   137                   134                  (1     )          (0.7     )              3                2.2
public and other                 216                   244                   259                 (28     )         (11.5     )            (15     )         (5.8     )
total water services           2,768                 2,765                 2,710                   3                 0.1                   55                2.0
wastewater services              161                   142                   112                  19                13.4                   30               26.8
other (a)                         55                    51                    49                   4                 7.8                    2                4.1
total operating revenues      $2,984                $2,958                $2,871                 $26                 0.9                  $87                3.0
(a)   includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents.
for the years ended december 31,                   increase (decrease)                  increase (decrease)
2018                                                   2017                    2016                                          2018 vs. 2017                        2017 vs. 2016
(gallons in millions)                                                                                           gallons                  %           gallons                  %
billed water services volumes:
residential                           172,827                 174,420                 174,599              (1,593   )           (0.9   )          (179   )           (0.1     )
commercial                             82,572                  82,147                  82,489          425                       0.5              (342   )           (0.4     )
industrial                             38,432                  39,404                  38,465                (972   )           (2.5   )           939                2.4
fire service, public and other         50,651                  51,341                  50,678                (690   )           (1.3   )           663                1.3
total billed water services volumes   344,482                 347,312                 346,231              (2,830   )           (0.8   )         1,081                0.3
54
in 2018, operating revenues increased $26 million, or 0.9%, primarily due to a:
•   $149 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally to fund infrastructure investment in various states;
•   $22 million increase from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems; and
•   $148 million decrease from the impacts of the tcja which have or are expected to benefit customers. this decrease is made up of two components: (i) a reserve on revenue billed during 2018, for the estimated income tax savings expected to benefit customers in future rates; and (ii) rate adjustments made in certain subsidiaries where our regulators have authorized lower rates or offsets to regulatory assets or capital investments to pass the benefits to customers.
in 2017, operating revenues increased $87 million, or 3.0%, primarily due to a:
•   $81 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally to fund infrastructure investment in various states;
•   $43 million increase from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems; and
•   $9 million increase from higher wastewater treatment volumes and an increase in private fire service connections; partially offset by a
•   $48 million decrease from lower water services demand, including a $15 million reduction due to warmer weather in 2016.
operation and maintenance the following tables provide information regarding the main components of our regulated businesses' operating and maintenance expense and the ensuing discussions provide an explanation for the material variances:
for the years ended december 31,              increase (decrease)                   increase (decrease)
2018                                                                 2017                  2016                    2018 vs. 2017                         2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                    $     %                       $             %
production costs                          $313                  $298                  $288                 $15               5.0         $10         3.5
employee-related costs                     451                   431                   431                  20               4.6           -                   -
operating supplies and services            227                   209                   212                  18               8.6          (3     )          (1.4   )
maintenance materials and supplies          81                    70                    73                  11              15.7          (3     )          (4.1   )
customer billing and accounting             60                    51                    54                   9              17.6          (3     )          (5.6   )
other                                       27                    17                   107                  10              58.8         (90     )         (84.1   )
total                                   $1,159                $1,076                $1,165                 $83               7.7        $(89     )          (7.6   )
production costs for the years ended december 31,              increase (decrease)              increase (decrease)
2018                                                2017                2016                    2018 vs. 2017                    2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                 $     %                          $     %
purchased water            $133                $128                $122                  $5               3.9             $6               4.9
fuel and power               91                  89                  87                   2               2.2              2               2.3
chemicals                    52                  47                  47                   5              10.6              -                 -
waste disposal               37                  34                  32                   3               8.8              2               6.3
total                      $313                $298                $288                 $15               5.0            $10               3.5
in 2018, production costs increased $15 million, or 5.0%, primarily due to a:
•   $5 million increase in purchased water from higher prices in our california subsidiary;
•   $5 million increase in chemicals from higher usage, the result of wet weather conditions in 2018, primarily in the northeast and mid-atlantic; and
•   $3 million increase in waste disposal from higher sludge removal costs, primarily in our new jersey subsidiary.
55
in 2017, production costs increased $10 million, or 3.5%, primarily due to a:
•   $6 million increase in purchased water from higher usage in our california subsidiary, the result of the california water usage restrictions, which were mandated in 2015 due to the state's extreme drought, being lifted in the second quarter of 2017; and
•   $2 million increase in waste disposal from higher sludge removal costs in our illinois and missouri subsidiaries.
employee-related costs for the years ended december 31,      increase (decrease)              increase (decrease)
2018                                                2017                2016      2018 vs. 2017                    2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                             $                         %      $                                 %
salaries and wages         $349                $334                $336           $15                     4.5      $(2         )            (0.6   )
pensions                     19                  14                  18        5                         35.7      (4          )           (22.2   )
group insurance              57                  57                  56           -                         -              1                 1.8
other benefits               26                  26                  21           -                         -              5                23.8
total                      $451                $431                $431           $20                     4.6      $-                          -
in 2018, employee-related costs increased $20 million, or 4.6%, primarily due to a:
•   $15 million increase in salaries and wages to support growth of the business, as well as an increase in overtime related to a higher volume of main breaks during the first quarter of 2018, the result of harshly frigid weather in the midwest, northeast and parts of the mid-atlantic; and
•   $5 million increase in pensions from an authorized change in regulatory recovery of pension expense in our pennsylvania subsidiary.
in 2017, employee-related costs remained consistent primarily due to a:
•   $5 million increase in other benefits from higher employer 401(k) savings plan contributions and an increase in training costs; partially offset by a
•   $4 million decrease in pensions from higher capitalization rates in 2017.
operating supplies and services in 2018, operating supplies and services increased $18 million, or 8.6%, primarily due to a $17 million increase in contracted services from higher costs for various legal matters including a settlement agreement in our new york subsidiary and costs associated with condemnation proceedings in monterey, california, higher costs from temporary workers as a result of restructuring initiatives in our technology support services, as well as an increase in other operating expenses.
in 2017, operating supplies and services decreased $3 million, or 1.4%, primarily due to a decrease in charges recorded in 2016, including a $5 million write-off of timekeeping system costs that were previously capitalized and a $7 million judgment in litigation, partially offset by an increase in office supplies and services from higher employee relocation, telecommunication and office supplies costs.
maintenance materials and supplies in 2018, maintenance materials and supplies increased $11 million, or 15.7%, from a higher volume of main breaks and paving costs, driven by the colder weather experienced during the first quarter of 2018, as well as higher tank painting costs in our new jersey subsidiary and various maintenance projects in our pennsylvania, missouri and indiana subsidiaries.
in 2017, maintenance materials and supplies decreased $3 million, or 4.1%, from lower tank painting costs in our new jersey subsidiary and the timing of maintenance activities.
customer billing and accounting in 2018, customer billing and accounting increased $9 million, or 17.6%, from an increase in customer uncollectible expense, primarily in our pennsylvania, missouri and new york subsidiaries, and higher call volumes experienced at our customer service centers.
56
in 2017, customer billing and accounting decreased $3 million or 5.6%, from lower customer uncollectible expense attributable to focused collection efforts.
other (operation and maintenance)
in 2018, other (operation and maintenance) increased $10 million, or 58.8%, primarily due to higher casualty insurance claims in 2018, and a $3 million charge from a regulatory authorization allowing a portion of the income tax savings resulting from the tcja to be used to reduce certain regulatory assets. during 2018, we recorded a $20 million benefit resulting from an insurance settlement with one of our general liability insurance carriers associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia.
in 2017, other (operation and maintenance) decreased $90 million, or 84.1%, primarily due to a $65 million net charge recorded in 2016, resulting from the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, and a $22 million benefit recorded in 2017, resulting from a related insurance settlement with one of our general liability insurance carriers, as well as a decrease in casualty insurance expense attributable to a lower claims experience in 2017.
depreciation and amortization in 2018 and 2017, depreciation and amortization increased $38 million and $22 million, or 8.2% and 5.0%, respectively. the increase for both periods was primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service.
general taxes in 2018 and 2017, general taxes increased $17 million and $2 million, or 7.0% and 0.8%, respectively. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to incremental property taxes in several of our subsidiaries, including in missouri and new york.
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases in 2018 and 2017, (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases increased $9 million, or 56.3%, and decreased $9 million, or 128.6%, respectively. the decrease in 2018 was primarily due to higher gains recognized in 2017, including a $7 million gain on a land sale in our kentucky subsidiary, along with acquisition and land sale gains in our pennsylvania, missouri and california subsidiaries, partially offset by gains recognized in 2018 for the sale of a treatment plant in our illinois subsidiary and a building in our new jersey subsidiary.
interest, net in 2018 and 2017, interest, net increased $12 million and $12 million, respectively. the increase in interest expense during 2018 was driven by the issuance of incremental long-term debt in the third quarter of 2018 to support growth of the business, and higher levels of short-term borrowings during 2018, coupled with an increase in the average short-term borrowing rate in the current year. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the increase in interest expense was driven by the issuance of incremental long-term debt in 2017 to support growth of the business.
other income (expenses)
in 2018, other income (expenses) increased $19 million, or 7.1%, primarily due to a reduction in the non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement benefits expense resulting from favorable actuarial performance, and an increase in allowance for funds used during construction attributable to higher capital investment in 2018, partially offset by an increase in interest expense as discussed above. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the increase in other income (expenses) was primarily due to an increase in interest expense as discussed above.
provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2018, our provision for income taxes decreased primarily due to the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, resulting from the enactment of the tcja. we expect the reduced tax rate will benefit our customers through established ratemaking, tax and regulatory normalization provisions. during 2018, we continued assessing the impacts of the tcja as allowed by staff accounting bulletin 118 ("sab 118"), and as a result we recorded adjustments to federal and state income tax tcja estimates. for the year ended december 31, 2017, our provision for income taxes increased primarily due to higher pretax income in 2017 compared to 2016.
57
market-based businesses the following table provides financial information for our market-based businesses and the ensuing discussions provide explanation for the material variances:
for the years ended december 31,                       increase (decrease)                       increase (decrease)
2018                                                                           2017                2016                             2018 vs. 2017                             2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                            $              %                          $              %
operating revenues                                    $476                $422                $451                 $54                 12.8                 $(29     )           (6.4   )
operation and maintenance                              362                 337                 372                  25                  7.4                  (35     )           (9.4   )
depreciation and amortization                           29                  18                  15                  11                 61.1                    3                 20.0
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases             (13    )              -                  (1    )            (13     )         (100.0   )                1               (100.0   )
impairment charge                                       57                   -                   -                  57                100.0                    -                    -
income before income taxes                              41                  66                  65                 (25     )          (37.9   )                1                  1.5
provision for income taxes                              11                  28                  26                 (17     )          (60.7   )                2                  7.7
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest        (2    )              -                   -                  (2     )         (100.0   )                -                    -
net income attributable to common shareholders          32                  38                  39                  (6     )          (15.8   )               (1     )           (2.6   )
operating revenues in 2018, operating revenues increased $54 million, or 12.8%, primarily due to a:
•   $76 million increase in our homeowner services group from contract growth, including $67 million from the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018; and
•   $6 million increase in keystone from an increase in water transfer operations resulting from market recovery in the shale natural gas industry; partially offset by a
•   $16 million decrease in our military services group from lower capital upgrades; and
•   $14 million decrease in our contract services group from the sale of the majority of our o&amp;m contracts to subsidiaries of veolia environnement s.a. during the third quarter of 2018.
in 2017, operating revenues decreased $29 million, or 6.4%, primarily due to a:
•   $56 million decrease in our military services group from lower capital upgrades, largely driven by reduced military base budgets and the completion of a large project in the first half of 2017 at fort polk; and
•   $6 million decrease in our contract services group from the completion of several o&amp;m contracts during 2017; partially offset by a
•   $18 million increase in our homeowner services group from contract growth, as well as expansion into new geographic areas and price increases for existing customers; and
•   $16 million increase in keystone due to an increase in operations resulting from market recovery in the shale natural gas industry.
58
operation and maintenance the following table provides information regarding the main components of our market-based businesses' operating and maintenance expense and the ensuing discussions provide an explanation for the material variances:
for the years ended december 31,                      increase (decrease)                      increase (decrease)
2018                                                             2017                2016                            2018 vs. 2017                            2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)                                                                                              $             %                          $             %
production costs                         $32                 $37                 $35                 $(5     )         (13.5     )             $2                 5.7
employee-related costs                   104                  97                  94                   7                 7.2                    3                 3.2
operating supplies and services          142                 121                 165                  21                17.4                  (44     )         (26.7   )
maintenance materials and supplies        69                  67                  68                   2                 3.0                   (1     )          (1.5   )
other                                     15                  15                  10                   -                   -                    5                50.0
total                                   $362                $337                $372                 $25                 7.4                 $(35     )          (9.4   )
in 2018, operation and maintenance expense increased $25 million, or 7.4%, primarily due to a:
•   $7 million increase in employee-related costs mainly in our homeowner services group related to the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018, partly offset by lower costs in our contract services group resulting from the sale of the majority of our o&amp;m contracts during the third quarter of 2018; and
•   $21 million increase in operating supplies and services from the acquisition of pivotal and higher advertising and marketing expense in our homeowner services group, as well as an increase in water transfer operations in keystone, offset in part by lower capital upgrades in our military services group and the sale of the majority of our contract services group's o&amp;m contracts during the third quarter of 2018, as discussed above; partially offset by a
•   $5 million decrease in production costs from lower purchased water and chemical usage in our contract services group resulting from the sale of the majority of our o&amp;m contracts during the third quarter of 2018.
in 2017, operation and maintenance expense decreased $35 million, or 9.4%, primarily due to a:
•   $44 million decrease in operating supplies and services from lower capital upgrades in our military services group, as discussed above, as well as lower advertising and marketing expense in our homeowner services group; partially offset by a
•   $3 million increase in employee-related costs from higher headcount in keystone from an increase in operations, as discussed above, offset in part in our contract services group from the completion of several o&amp;m contracts during 2017; and
•   $5 million increase in other (operating and maintenance expense) from an increase in customer uncollectible expense in our homeowner services group resulting from contract growth in 2017.
depreciation and amortization in 2018 and 2017, depreciation and amortization increased $11 million and $3 million, or 61.1% and 20.0%, respectively. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to the addition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets from the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018.
(gain) on asset dispositions and purchases in 2018, (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases increased $13 million primarily due to the (gain) recognized on the sale of the majority of our contract services group's o&m contracts to subsidiaries of veolia environnement s.a. during the third quarter of 2018, partially offset by a loss recognized on the sale of property, plant and equipment in keystone. see note 4-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the veolia environnement s.a. transaction.
impairment charge during the third quarter of 2018, a goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge of $57 million was recorded for keystone, the result of operational and financial challenges encountered in the construction business, and the company's determination to narrow the scope of the keystone business, to focus on its core operations of providing water transfer services. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
59
provision for income taxes in 2018 and 2017, provision for income taxes decreased $17 million, or 60.7%, and increased $2 million, or 7.7%, respectively. the decrease in 2018 was primarily due to the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018, resulting from the enactment of the tcja.
liquidity and capital resources we regularly evaluate and monitor our cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt maturities, interest and dividends. our business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, we also obtain funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. our access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on our credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industry in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets, and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. if these business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that we no longer are able to access the capital markets on reasonable terms, we have access to an unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $2.25 billion, with an expiration date of june 2023 (subject to extension by us for up to two one-year periods). we rely on this revolving credit facility and the capital markets to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit and to support our $2.10 billion commercial paper program. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit our ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets. see "credit facilities and short-term debt" section below for additional information.
in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs, we, through awcc, our wholly owned financing subsidiary, issue commercial paper, which is supported by the revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2018, awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $81 million of outstanding letters of credit under its revolving credit facility, with $2.25 billion available to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs and to issue letters of credit, which supported $954 million in outstanding commercial paper. we believe that our ability to access the capital markets, our revolving credit facility and our cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our short-term requirements. we have no plans to issue equity under normal operating conditions in the foreseeable future with the limited exception of privately or investor-owned acquisitions whose sellers require equity to complete the acquisition or other opportunistic acquisitions. we believe we have sufficient liquidity and the ability to manage our expenditures, should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, we can provide no assurances that the lenders will meet their existing commitments to awcc under the revolving credit facility or that we will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all.
in addition, our regulated businesses receive advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. advances for construction are refundable for limited periods, which vary according to state regulations, as new customers begin to receive service or other contractual obligations are fulfilled. amounts which are no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction. utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from our regulated businesses rate base. generally, we depreciate contributed property and amortize contributions in aid of construction at the composite rate of the related property. some of our subsidiaries do not depreciate contributed property, based upon regulatory guidelines. the taxability of advances and contributions in aid of construction was changed with the enactment of the tcja. previously, the majority of advances and contributions that we collected were not taxable; however, with the enactment of the tcja, they are now treated as taxable income. regulatory treatment for advances and contributions under the tcja has been resolved by most of our regulatory jurisdictions in a manner that passes the tax consequences of the change in law to the customer making the advance or contribution, or allows the utility to pass those consequences onto a larger base of customers. we are working with the remaining regulatory jurisdictions to determine impacts to the company and our customers.
we use our capital resources, including cash, primarily to (i) fund operating and capital requirements, (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities, (iii) pay dividends, (iv) fund acquisitions, (v) fund pension and postretirement benefit obligations, and (vi) we estimate beginning at the end of 2019, to pay federal income taxes. we invest a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where we expect to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, we operate in rate regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery generally takes place over an extended period of time, and certain capital recovery is also subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-economic regulation and rate making for additional information. we expect to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since we expect our capital investments over the next few years to be greater than our cash flows from operating activities, we have no plans to reduce debt significantly. if necessary, we may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements, or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity. in this event, we believe we can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet our obligations and fund our minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
60
with the enactment of the tcja and the reduction of the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, we anticipate a decrease in future revenue authorizations associated with our regulated businesses, initially leading to lower cash flows. we expect this cash flow impact to decline over time, as our regulated businesses' rate base grows, the result of lower deferred income tax liabilities, which offset rate base. the lower deferred income tax liabilities are mainly due to (i) a lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, (ii) the normalization (refunding to customers) of the re-measured deferred income tax liabilities over the remaining life of the associated assets, and (iii) the loss of future bonus depreciation deductions on capital projects that began after september 27, 2017.
the water infrastructure finance and innovation act of 2014 ("wifia") established the wifia program, a federal credit program administered by the epa for eligible water and wastewater infrastructure projects. the wifia program accelerates investment in our nation's water infrastructure by providing long-term, low-cost supplemental loans for regionally and nationally significant projects. our letters of interest have been approved by the epa, and we have begun the full application process for two wifia loans totaling $187 million for two separate projects in our missouri subsidiary.
cash flows provided by operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the warmer months. our future cash flows provided by operating activities will be affected by, among other things; economic utility regulation inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; maintenance costs; customer growth; declining customer usage of water; employee-related costs, including pension funding; weather and seasonality; taxes; and overall economic conditions.
we expect that the enactment of the tcja to be accretive to our consolidated earnings over time through (i) growth in rate base for the same level of expected capital expenditures due to the impact of the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate and the re-measurement of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, (ii) increased earnings in our market-based businesses due to the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, all partially offset by (iii) the lower tax shield on interest expense at the parent, as well as increased debt levels from lower cash flows from operations as we pass the lower tax rate benefits to our regulated customers. we believe that we will likely begin paying federal income taxes towards the end of 2019, when we expect our federal nol carryforwards balance will be fully used, and expect to be a full year cash taxpayer by 2020, although this timing could be impacted by any significant changes in our future results of operations and the outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the tcja.
cash flows provided by operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements and fund the majority of our capital investments. we expect to seek access to debt capital markets to meet the balance of our capital investment, if any, and fund our dividend payments, as needed. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. we do not foresee the need to access equity markets over the next five years under normal operating conditions. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in our rate regulated environments, changes in our market-based businesses, changes in the economy, interest rates, the timing of tax payments, and our customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, among other items. we can provide no assurance that our customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. sometimes our current liabilities exceed current assets mainly from debt maturities due within one year and the periodic use of short-term debt as a funding source, primarily to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, fund acquisitions and construction projects, as well as cash needs which can fluctuate significantly due to the seasonality of the business. we address cash timing differences through the aforementioned liquidity funding mechanisms.
61
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows provided by operating activities:
for the years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                                2018                  2017                  2016
net income                                                              $565                  $426                  $468
add (less):
depreciation and amortization                                            545                   492                   470
deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits         195                   462                   295
non-cash impairment charge                                                57                     -                     -
other non-cash activities (a)                                             56                    16                    35
changes in working capital (b)                                            30                   123                     9
pension and postretirement benefit contributions                         (22    )              (48    )              (53    )
impact of freedom industries settlement activities                       (40    )              (22    )               65
net cash flows provided by operating activities                       $1,386                $1,449                $1,289
(a)   includes provision for losses on accounts receivable, (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits and other non-cash, net. details of each component can be found on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)   changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and other current assets and liabilities, net.
in 2018, cash flows provided by operating activities decreased $63 million, primarily due to lower revenues as a result of the enactment of the tcja and changes in working capital. these decreases are partially offset by an increase in net income. the main factors contributing to the net income increase are described in this section under "consolidated results of operations" and included higher operating revenue and a lower provision for income taxes.
in 2017, cash flows provided by operations increased $160 million, primarily due to an increase in net income after non-cash adjustments, including the impact of the enactment of the tcja, and an increase in cash flows from working capital. the main factors contributing to the net income increase are described in the "consolidated results of operations" section and include higher operating revenues, partially offset by higher income taxes due to a $125 million re-measurement charge resulting from the impact of the change in the federal tax rate on the company's deferred income taxes from the enactment of the tcja. the increase in non-cash activities was mainly attributable to the increase in deferred income taxes, as mentioned above, and an increase in depreciation and amortization due to additional utility plant placed in service. the change in working capital was principally due to (i) the timing of accounts payable and accrued liabilities, including the accrual recorded during 2016 for the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia, (ii) a decrease in unbilled revenues as a result of our military services group achieving significant capital project milestones during 2016, and (iii) a change in other current assets and liabilities, including the decrease in other current assets associated with the termination of our four forward starting swap agreements and timing of payments clearing our cash accounts.
the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of up to $31 million in 2019. in addition, we estimate that contributions will amount to $32 million, $29 million, $29 million and $29 million in 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
cash flows used in investing activities the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows used in investing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                 2018             2017                  2016
net capital expenditures                      $(1,586     )         $(1,434     )         $(1,311     )
acquisitions                                  (398        )         (177        )         (204        )
other investing activities, net (a)           (52         )         (61         )         (75         )
net cash flows used in investing activities   $(2,036     )         $(1,672     )         $(1,590     )
(a)   includes removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements and proceeds from sale of assets.
62
in 2018 and 2017, cash flows used in investing activities increased primarily due to an increase in our regulated capital expenditures, principally from incremental investments associated with the replacement and renewal of our transmission and distribution infrastructure in our regulated businesses, as well as acquisitions in both our regulated businesses and market-based businesses, as discussed below.
our infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where we replace infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where we construct new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. our projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
the following table provides a summary of our historical capital expenditures related to the upgrading of our infrastructure and systems:
for the years ended december 31,
(in millions)                                 2018                  2017                  2016
transmission and distribution            $572                  $551                  $568
treatment and pumping                     231                   171                   151
services, meter and fire hydrants         303                   281                   297
general structure and equipment           371                   281                   202
sources of supply                          26                    54                    59
wastewater                                 83                    96                    34
total capital expenditures             $1,586                $1,434                $1,311
in 2018, our capital expenditures increased $152 million, or 10.6%, primarily due to investment across the majority of our infrastructure categories. in 2017, our capital expenditures increased $123 million, or 9.4%, primarily due to investment in our general structure and equipment and wastewater categories.
we also grow our business primarily through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems, as well as other water-related services. these acquisitions are complementary to our existing business and support continued geographical diversification and growth of our operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt, and later refinanced with the proceeds from long-term debt.
the following is a summary of the acquisitions and dispositions affecting our cash flows from investing activities:
2018:
•   the majority of cash paid for acquisitions pertained to the $365 million purchase of pivotal within our homeowner services group.
•   paid $33 million for 15 water and wastewater systems, representing approximately 14,000 customers.
•   received $35 million for the sale of assets, including $27 million for the sale of the majority of the o&amp;m contracts in our contract services group during the third quarter of 2018.
2017:
•   the majority of cash paid for acquisitions pertained to the $159 million purchase of the wastewater collection and treatment system assets of the municipal authority of the city of mckeesport, pennsylvania (the "mckeesport system"), excluding a $5 million non-escrowed deposit made in 2016.
•   paid $18 million for 16 water and wastewater systems, excluding the mckeesport system and shorelands (a stock-for-stock transaction), representing approximately 7,000 customers.
•   received $15 million for the sale of assets.
2016:
•   paid $199 million for 15 water and wastewater systems, representing approximately 42,000 customers.
•   made a non-escrowed deposit of $5 million related to the mckeesport system acquisition.
•   received $9 million for the sale of assets.
63
as previously noted, we expect to invest between $8.0 billion to $8.6 billion from 2019 to 2023, with $7.3 billion of this range for infrastructure improvements in our regulated businesses. in 2019, we expect to invest between a range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2019, with $1.6 billion for infrastructure improvements in our regulated businesses. also in 2019, we expect to invest between $120 million to $240 million for acquisitions in our regulated businesses.
cash flows from financing activities the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows provided by financing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                              2017                2016
(in millions)
proceeds from long-term debt                         $1,358                $1,395                $553
repayments of long-term debt                           (526    )             (896    )           (144    )
net proceeds from short-term borrowings                  60                    55                 221
proceeds from issuance of common stock                  183                     -                   -
dividends paid                                         (319    )             (289    )           (261    )
anti-dilutive stock repurchases                         (45    )              (54    )            (65    )
other financing activities, net (a)                      15                    (4    )             24
net cash flows provided by financing activities        $726                  $207                $328
(a)   includes proceeds from issuances of common stock under various employee stock plans and our dividend reinvestment plan, net of taxes paid, advances and contributions for construction, net of refunds, and debt issuance costs and make-whole premium on early debt redemption.
in 2018, cash flows provided by financing activities increased $519 million, primarily due to the issuance of common stock to finance a portion of the purchase price of the pivotal acquisition and a decrease in cash used for short-term borrowings. short-term borrowings were used to fund the growth of our regulated businesses, finance approximately 50% of the pivotal acquisition, pay dividends and repay long-term debt, offset by the use of the $1.325 billion long-term debt issuance to support growth of the business and repay short-term borrowings.
our financing activities, primarily focused on funding regulated infrastructure expenditures, regulated and market-based acquisitions and payment of dividends. these activities included the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc and in 2018, included an equity issuance for approximately 50% of the pivotal acquisition. in addition, new infrastructure may be funded with customer advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds, which amounted to $21 million, $28 million and $16 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. based on the needs of our regulated businesses and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provide those borrowings to the regulated businesses and the parent company. the regulated businesses and the parent company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc, in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. the parent company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated businesses, therefore, the parent company is not able to recover the interest charges on its debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2018, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to our regulated businesses amounting to $4.4 billion and $392 million, respectively. additionally, as of december 31, 2018, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the parent company amounting $1.7 billion and $533 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, the parent company has made long-term fixed rate loans to our market-based businesses amounting to $183 million related to the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018.
on august 9, 2018, awcc completed a $1.325 billion debt offering which included the sale of $625 million aggregate principal amount of its unsecured 3.75% senior notes due in 2028, and $700 million aggregate principal amount of its unsecured 4.20% senior notes due in 2048. at the closing of the offering, awcc received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of approximately $1.3 billion. awcc used proceeds from the offering to (i) lend funds to american water and its regulated operating subsidiaries, (ii) repay $191 million principal amount of awcc's 5.62% senior notes due 2018 upon maturity on december 21, 2018, (iii) prepay $100 million aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding 5.62% series e senior notes due march 29, 2019 (the "series e notes") and $100 million aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding 5.77% series f senior notes due march 29, 2022 (the "series f notes," and, together with the series e notes, the "series notes"), and (iv) repay awcc's commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
as a result of awcc's prepayment of the series notes, a make-whole premium of $10 million was paid to the holders thereof on september 11, 2018. substantially all of the early debt extinguishment costs were allocable to our utility subsidiaries and recorded as regulatory assets, as we believe they are probable of recovery in future rates.
64
on august 6, 2018, the company terminated four forward starting swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $400 million, realizing a net gain of $9 million, to be amortized through interest, net over 10- and 30-year periods, in correlation with the terms of the new debt issued on august 9, 2018.
on august 17, 2018, we entered into two forward starting swap agreements, each with a notional amount of $80 million, to reduce interest rate exposure on debt expected to be issued in 2019. these forward starting swap agreements terminate in august 2019 and have an average fixed rate of 2.98%. on october 11, 2018, we entered into two additional forward starting swap agreements, each with a notional amount of $100 million, to reduce interest rate exposure on debt expected to be issued in 2019. these forward starting swap agreements terminate in december 2019, and have an average fixed rate of 3.31%. on january 8, 2019, we entered into an additional forward starting swap agreement, with a notional amount of $150 million, to reduce interest rate exposure on debt expected to be issued in 2019. this forward starting swap agreement terminates in december 2019, and has an average fixed rate of 2.76%. we have designated these forward starting swap agreements as cash flow hedges, with their fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss. upon termination, the cumulative gain or loss recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss will be amortized through interest, net over the term of the new debt.
one of the principal market risks to which the company is exposed is changes in interest rates. in order to manage the exposure, we follow risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative contracts such as swaps. we reduce exposure to interest rates by managing commercial paper and debt maturities. we do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and do not use leveraged instruments. the derivative contracts entered into are for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures. the company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. we minimize the counterparty credit risk on these transactions by only dealing with leading, credit-worthy financial institutions, having long-term credit ratings of "a" or better.
on april 11, 2018, we effected an equity forward transaction by entering into a forward sale agreement with each of two forward purchasers in connection with a public offering of 2,320,000 shares of our common stock. in the equity forward transaction, the forward purchasers, or an affiliate, borrowed an aggregate of 2,320,000 shares of our common stock from third parties and sold them to the underwriters in the public offering. on june 7, 2018, we elected to fully and physically settle both forward sale agreements, resulting in the issuance of a total of 2,320,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $79.01 per share, for aggregate net proceeds of $183 million. the net proceeds of the transaction were used to pay a portion of the purchase price of the pivotal acquisition on june 4, 2018.
in may 2018, the parent company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables us to meet our capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock, and other equity and hybrid securities, and awcc debt securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration statement will expire in may 2021. during 2018, 2017 and 2016, $1.325 billion, $1.350 billion and $550 million, respectively, of debt securities were issued pursuant to this and predecessor registration statements. additionally, during 2018 under this registration statement, we issued 2,320,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $79.01 per share, for aggregate net proceeds of $183 million.
the following table provides the issuances of long-term debt in 2018:
company                             type                                                                      rate    maturity          amount (in millions)
awcc (a)                            senior notes-fixed rate                                            3.75%-4.20%   2028-2048               $1,325
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate (b)   0.00%-5.00%   2021-2048   33
total issuances                                                                                                                              $1,358
(a)   this indebtedness is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between american water and awcc, the company's wholly owned finance subsidiary, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by american water of awcc's payment obligations under such indebtedness.
(b)   approximately $29 million of this debt relates to the new jersey environmental infrastructure financing program.
65
the following table provides the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2018 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity          amount (in millions)
awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                                        5.62%-6.25%        2018-2022                 $501
awcc                                private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.79%-2.90%        2021-2031                    1
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.50%        2018-2047                   18
other american water subsidiaries   mortgage bonds-fixed rate                                            9.13%             2021                    1
other american water subsidiaries   mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                         8.49%-9.18%        2031-2036                    2
other american water subsidiaries   term loan                                                      4.83%-5.69%             2021                    3
total retirements and redemptions                                                                                                               $526
the following table provides the issuances of long-term debt in 2017:
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity          amount (in millions)
awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                                        2.95%-3.75%        2027-2047               $1,350
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-1.44%        2020-2037                   31
other american water subsidiaries   mortgage bonds-fixed rate                                            3.92%             2020                    3
other american water subsidiaries   term loan                                                      4.48%-4.98%             2021                   11
total issuances                                                                                                                               $1,395
the following table provides the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2017 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity          amount (in millions)
awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                                        5.62%-6.09%        2017-2021                 $844
awcc                                private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.79%-2.90%        2021-2031                    1
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.38%        2017-2041                   15
other american water subsidiaries   mortgage bonds-fixed rate                                            7.08%             2017                   33
other american water subsidiaries   mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                         8.49%-9.18%        2031-2036                    2
other american water subsidiaries   term loan                                                      4.31%-5.31%             2021                    1
total retirements and redemptions                                                                                                               $896
the following table provides the issuances of long-term debt in 2016:
company                             type                                                                  rate    maturity          amount (in millions)
awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                                        3.00%-4.00%   2026-2046                 $550
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.00%-1.36%   2026-2037   3
total issuances                                                                                                                            $553
66
the following table provides the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2016 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
company                             type                                                                  rate         maturity           amount (in millions)
awcc                                senior notes-fixed rate                                              5.52%   2016                             $37
awcc                                private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   1.79%-2.90%        2021-2031                     1
other american water subsidiaries   private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate   0.00%-5.30%        2016-2041                   104
other american water subsidiaries   mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                         8.49%-9.18%        2031-2036                     2
total retirements and redemptions                                                                                                                $144
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, we may engage in long-term debt retirements through tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives to strengthen our balance sheets.
in february 2015, our board of directors authorized an anti-dilutive, common stock repurchase program to mitigate the effect of shares issued through our dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. the program allows the company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock, over an unrestricted period of time, in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the program is conducted in accordance with rule 10b-18 of the exchange act, and to facilitate the repurchases, we have also entered into rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plans with a third-party broker, which allows us to repurchase shares at times when we may otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. subject to applicable regulations, we may elect to amend or cancel this repurchase program or the share repurchase parameters at our discretion. as of december 31, 2018, we have repurchased an aggregate of 4,510,000 shares of common stock under this program.
credit facilities and short-term debt we have an unsecured revolving credit facility of $2.25 billion that expires in june 2023. in march 2018, awcc and its lenders amended and restated the credit agreement with respect to awcc's revolving credit facility to increase the maximum commitments under the facility from $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion, and to extend the expiration date of the facility from june 2020 to march 2023. all other terms, conditions and covenants with respect to the existing facility remained unchanged. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement also permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to an aggregate of $500 million, and to request extensions of its expiration date for up to two, one-year periods.
interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the libor rate or base rate in accordance with moody investors service's and standard & poor's financial services' then applicable credit rating on awcc's senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between the company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by the company of awcc's payment obligations under the credit facility.
awcc also has an outstanding commercial paper program that is backed by the revolving credit facility, the maximum aggregate outstanding amount of which was increased in march 2018, from $1.60 billion to $2.10 billion.
the following table provides the aggregate credit facility commitments, letter of credit sub-limit under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper limit, as well as the available capacity for each as of december 31, 2018 and 2017:
(in millions)           credit facility commitment        available credit facility capacity            letter of credit sublimit          available letter of credit capacity        commercial paper limit           available commercial paper capacity december 31, 2018                $2,262                                 $2,177                                    $150                                       $69                            $2,100                                    $1,146
december 31, 2017                 1,762                                  1,673                 150                                                            66                             1,600             695
the weighted average interest rate on awcc short-term borrowings for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 was approximately 2.28% and 1.24%, respectively.
67
capital structure the following table provides the percentage of our capitalization represented by the components of our capital structure as of december 31:
2018                                                                                  2017          2016
total common shareholders' equity                                   40.4   %      41.0   %      42.1   %
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value   52.4   %      49.6   %      46.4   %
short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt                7.2   %       9.4   %      11.5   %
total                                                                100   %       100   %       100   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to an increase in long-term debt.
debt covenants our debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that we are not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in our ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access our revolving credit facility. our long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
covenants in certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require us to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2018, our ratio was 0.59 to 1.00 and therefore we were in compliance with the covenants.
security ratings our access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by our securities ratings. we primarily access the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, we have also issued debt through our regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower our overall cost of debt.
the following table provides our long-term and short-term credit rating and rating outlook as of february 19, 2019:
securities              moody's investors service   standard &amp; poor's ratings service rating outlook          negative                    stable senior unsecured debt   a3                          a commercial paper        p-2                         a-1
on june 11, 2018, standard & poor's ratings service affirmed the company's long-term 'a' and short-term 'a-1' credit ratings, with a stable outlook remaining unchanged.
on january 19, 2018, moody's investors service changed its rating outlook to negative, from stable, for 24 regulated utilities and utility holding companies, including the company, all of which were primarily impacted by the enactment of the tcja.
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon our ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service our debt and meet our investment plans. we can provide no assurances that our ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain our existing ratings. none of our borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under our credit facility.
68
as part of the normal course of business, we routinely enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit us and our counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if we are downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that we provide collateral to secure our obligations. we do not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
dividends and regulatory restrictions for discussion of our dividends, dividend restrictions and dividend policy, see note 9-shareholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
insurance coverage we carry various property, casualty and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that we believe are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going-forward basis. we are self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on our short-term and long-term financial condition and our results of operations and cash flows.
contractual obligations and commitments we enter into contractual obligations with third parties in the ordinary course of business. the following table provides information related to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018:
(in millions)                             total           1 year or less             2-3 years             4-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt obligations (a)       $7,655                   $72                   $335                  $184                    $7,064
interest on long-term debt (b)        5,832                   352                    688                   648                     4,144
operating lease obligations (c)         141                    17                     27                    17                        80
purchase water obligations (d)          957                    65                    130                   121                       641
other purchase obligations (e)          637                   637                      -                     -                         -
pension plan obligations (f)            156                    31                     64                    61                         -
other obligations (g)                   924                   312                    255                    62                       295
total                               $16,302                $1,486                 $1,499                $1,093                   $12,224
note   the above table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. therefore, performance obligations associated with our market-based businesses are not included in the above amounts. also, uncertain tax positions of $97 million are not reflected in this table as we cannot predict when open tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 14-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(a)   represents sinking fund obligations, debt maturities, capital lease obligations and preferred stocks with mandatory redemption requirements.
(b)   represents expected interest payments on outstanding long-term debt and interest on preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements. amounts reported may differ from actual due to future financing of debt.
(c)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, primarily for the lease of motor vehicles, buildings, land and other equipment including water facilities and systems constructed by partners under the public-private partnerships described below.
(d)   represents future payments under water purchase agreements for minimum quantities of water.
(e)   represents the open purchase orders as of december 31, 2018 for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business.
(f)   represents contributions expected to be made to pension for the years 2019 through 2023.
(g)   includes an estimate of advances for construction to be refunded, capital expenditures estimated to be required under legal and binding contractual obligations, contracts entered into for energy purchases, a liability associated with a conservation agreement, and service agreements.
69
public-private partnerships wvawc has entered into a series of agreements with various public entities, which we refer to as the partners, to establish certain joint ventures, commonly referred to as "public-private partnerships." under the public-private partnerships, wvawc constructed utility plant, financed by wvawc, and the partners constructed utility plant (connected to wvawc's property), financed by the partners. wvawc agreed to transfer and convey some of its real and personal property to the partners in exchange for an equal principal amount of industrial development bonds, commonly referred to as idbs, issued by the partners under a state industrial development bond and commercial development act. wvawc leased back the total facilities, including portions funded by both wvawc and the partners, under leases for a period of 40 years.
the leases have payments that approximate the payments required by the terms of the idbs. these payments are considered "pilot payments" which represent payments that wvawc otherwise would pay as property taxes on the properties. we have presented the transaction on a net basis on the consolidated financial statements. the carrying value of the transferred facilities, which is presented in property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets, was approximately $147 million as of december 31, 2018.
performance obligations we have entered into agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities for the united states military, municipalities and other customers. for discussion of our performance obligations see note 3-revenue recognition in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates, assumptions and judgments that could affect the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions and judgments. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as reflected in our consolidated financial statements. management has reviewed the critical accounting polices described below with our audit, finance and risk committee, including the estimates, assumptions and judgments used in their application. additional discussion regarding these critical accounting policies and their application can be found in note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulation and regulatory accounting our regulated utilities are generally subject to economic regulation by pucs and, as such, we follow the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated utilities, which requires us to reflect the effects of rate regulation in our consolidated financial statements. use of this authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2018, we concluded that the operations of our utilities met the criteria.
application of this authoritative guidance has a further effect on our financial statements as it pertains to allowable costs used in the ratemaking process. we make significant assumptions and estimates to quantify amounts recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. such judgments include, but are not limited to, assets and liabilities related to regulated acquisitions, pension and postretirement benefits, depreciation rates and taxes. due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenues, these authoritative accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by a non-regulated entity, to be deferred as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates. conversely, the principles require the creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future, or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers. regulators may also impose certain fines or penalties.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where we conduct business, we assess, at the end of each reporting period, whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable, future recovery or settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in applicable regulatory environments; recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction and the status of any pending or potential legislation that could impact the ability to recover costs through regulated rates. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable, future recovery or settlement, our consolidated statements of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if we conclude in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, we are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of this authoritative guidance could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
70
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, including a reduction in the maximum u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018. the tcja created significant excess deferred income taxes that we and our regulatory jurisdictions believe should be refunded to customers. as such, we recorded these amounts as regulatory liabilities.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, our regulatory asset balance was $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, and our regulatory liability balance was $1.9 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. see note 7-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
goodwill as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, our goodwill balances were $1.6 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. in accordance with gaap, goodwill must be allocated at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below, and tested for impairment at least annually. we perform our annual impairment testing of goodwill as of november 30 of each year, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. adverse industry or economic trends, lower projections of profitability, or a sustained decline in our market capitalization, among other things, may be indicators of potential goodwill impairment issues, requiring further testing of a reporting unit's carrying value.
entities testing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether quantitative testing is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, we assess and make judgments, among other things, around macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, cost factors and entity specific events. these factors require significant judgment and estimates, and application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. if it is determined, based upon qualitative factors, that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not, greater than its carrying value, no further testing is required. if we bypass the qualitative assessment, or perform the qualitative assessment and determine that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying value, a quantitative, fair value-based test is performed. this quantitative test compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its respective net carrying value, including goodwill, on the measurement date. an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount equal to the excess of the reporting unit's carrying value compared to its estimated fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
application of goodwill impairment testing requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of reporting units. we estimate fair value using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include, but are not limited to, forecasts of future operating results, discount and growth rates, capital expenditures, tax rates, working capital, weighted average cost of capital and projected terminal values. changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. see note 8-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our goodwill.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets and long-term investments. we evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. such circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the market value of the asset, a change in the asset's expected useful life or physical condition, a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset or a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or is planned to be used. when such indicators arise, we estimate the fair value of the long-lived asset from future cash flows expected to result from its use and, if applicable, the eventual disposition of the asset, and compare the estimated value fair to the carrying value of the asset. an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount equal to the excess of the long-lived asset's carrying value compared to its estimated fair value. key variables that must be estimated include assumptions regarding sales volume, rates, operating costs, labor and other benefit costs, capital additions, assumed discount rates and other economic factors. these variables require management judgment and include inherent uncertainties, since they are forecasting future events. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the realizability of a long-lived asset and, thus, could have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements.
the long-lived assets of our regulated businesses are grouped on a separate entity basis for impairment testing, as they are integrated state-wide operations that do not have the option to curtail service and generally have uniform tariffs. a regulatory asset is charged to earnings if and when future recovery in rates of that asset is no longer probable.
the company holds other investments in privately held companies and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method. the estimated fair value of the long-term investments are dependent on the financial performance and solvency of the entities in which the company invests, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets. if such long-term investments are considered impaired, an impairment loss will be recognized in the amount equal to the excess of the investment's carrying value compared to its estimated fair value.
71
the company believes the assumptions and other considerations used to value long-lived assets to be appropriate, however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and considerations used in its estimates, the resulting change could have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue from the company's regulated businesses is generated primarily from water and wastewater services delivered to customers. these contracts contain a single performance obligation, the delivery of water or wastewater services, as the promise to transfer the individual good or service is not separately identifiable from other promises within the contracts and, therefore, is not distinct. revenues are recognized over time, as services are provided. there are generally no significant financing components or variable consideration. revenues include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis, and unbilled amounts calculated based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill, to the end of the accounting period. the amounts that the company has a right to invoice are determined by each customer's actual usage, an indicator that the invoice amount corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer.
increases or decreases in the volumes delivered to customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the unbilled revenue calculation. unbilled revenue for our regulated utilities as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $144 million and $152 million, respectively.
the company also recognizes revenue when it is probable that future recovery of previously incurred costs or future refunds that are to be credited to customers will occur through the ratemaking process.
revenue from the company's homeowner services group is generated through various protection programs in which the company provides fixed fee services to domestic homeowners and smaller commercial customers to protect against repair costs for interior and external water and sewer lines, interior electric and gas lines, heating and cooling systems, water heaters, power surge protection and other related services. most of the contracts have a one-year term and each service is a separate performance obligation, satisfied over time, as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided from the service. customers are obligated to pay for the protection programs ratably over 12 months or via a one-time, annual fee, with revenues recognized ratably over time for these services. advances from customers are deferred until the performance obligation is satisfied.
the company also has long-term, fixed fee contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater facilities with the u.s. government on various military bases and facilities owned by municipal and industrial customers, as well as shorter-term contracts that provide customized water transfer services for shale natural gas companies and customers. billing and revenue recognition for the fixed fee revenues occurs ratably over the term of the contract, as customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the company. additionally, these contracts allow the company to make capital improvements to underlying infrastructure, which are initiated through separate modifications or amendments to the original contract, whereby stand-alone, fixed pricing is separately stated for each improvement. the company has determined that these capital improvements are separate performance obligations, with revenue recognized over time based on performance completed at the end of each reporting period. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the losses first become probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenues, with billings in excess of revenues recorded as other current liabilities until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues, and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. unbilled revenue for our market-based businesses as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $42 million and $60 million, respectively.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of nol carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, we account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
72
we evaluate the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and our intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when we conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
under gaap, specifically accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes ("asc 740"), the tax effects of changes in tax laws must be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. asc 740 also requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. thus, at the date of enactment of the tcja, the company's deferred taxes were re-measured based upon the new tax rate. for our regulated entities, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as either an offset to a regulatory asset or liability and may be subject to refund to customers. for our unregulated operations, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as a non-cash re-measurement adjustment to earnings.
the staff of the sec has recognized the complexity of reflecting the impacts of changes in tax law, more specifically the tcja, and on december 22, 2017, issued guidance in sab 118 which clarifies accounting for income taxes under asc 740 if information is not yet available or complete and provides for up to a one year period in which to complete the required analyses and accounting. sab 118 describes three scenarios or buckets associated with a company's status of accounting for the tcja: (i) a company is complete with its accounting for certain effects of tax reform; (ii) a company is able to determine a reasonable estimate for certain effects of tax reform and records that estimate as a provisional amount; or (iii) a company is not able to determine a reasonable estimate and therefore continues to apply asc 740, based on the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the tcja being enacted. the significant assumptions considered and evaluated by the company relating to accounting for the tcja, include, but are not limited to, the:
•   recording of regulatory liabilities from the re-measurement of the company's deferred income taxes, and the uncertainty of regulatory treatment in various jurisdictions in which the company currently operates;
•   allocation to our subsidiaries of interest deductibility at the parent;
•   bonus depreciation deductions for assets constructed and placed in service during the period from september 28, 2017 through december 31, 2017; and
•   normalization periods for our re-measured deferred taxes.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, our forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies and recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for our regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 14-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits we maintain noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of our regulated utility and shared service operations. see note 15-employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the description of and accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans.
the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
•   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•   expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs we record currently.
•   rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
73
•   health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
•   mortality-management retained the society of actuaries rp-2014 mortality base table, which provides rates of mortality in 2006, but adopted the new mp-2018 mortality improvement scale to gradually adjust future mortality rates downward due to increased longevity in each year after 2006.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. we use an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 4.38%, 3.75% and 4.28% at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the discount rate for determining other postretirement benefit obligations was 4.32%, 3.73% and 4.26% at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in selecting an eroa, we considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 5.95% for 2018, 6.49% for 2017, and 7.02% for 2016. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 4.77% for 2018, 5.09% for 2017 and 5.37% for 2016.
the following table provides the allocations of the pension plan assets by asset category:
2019 target allocation               percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                         2018                             2017
equity securities                                      43             %             42          %                    44          %
fixed income                                           50             %             52          %                    49          %
real estate                                             5             %              5          %                     5          %
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                 2             %              1          %                     2          %
total                                                 100             %            100          %                   100          %
during 2017, the company reduced the risk of its investments in the pension plan by reducing its exposure to equities from 60% to 50%, and increasing its long duration fixed-income allocation from 40% to 50%. this structure is designed to reduce the plan's funded status volatility. it is also intended to reduce the pension plan's exposure to interest rates since a higher proportion of long duration fixed-income securities that have a duration similar to that of the pension liabilities should reduce interest rate risk associated with the plan's liabilities.
postretirement medical bargaining plan changes on july 31, 2018, a new, five-year national benefits agreement was ratified, covering approximately 3,200 of our union-represented employees. most of the benefits under this new agreement will become effective on january 1, 2019, and include, among other things, union-represented employees' participation in the company's cash-based annual performance plan, additional medical plan options and changes to certain retiree medical benefits, which required the company to remeasure its other postretirement benefit plan obligation during the third quarter of 2018.
for those eligible union retirees and dependents over age 65, the current supplemental retiree medical plan will be replaced with a health reimbursement arrangement ("hra") similar to the cap currently in place for non-union retirees. the company is providing a subsidy allowing the post-65 retirees to purchase a medicare supplemental plan on a private exchange network. the pre-65 coverage plan was also amended to provide a cap on future employer costs designed to limit the employer costs to 2018 levels. for pre-65 union members retiring early in 2019-2021 a supplemental benefit will be provided to alleviate the effect of the cap.
on august 31, 2018, the postretirement medical benefit plan was remeasured to reflect this plan change. the plan change resulted in a $175 million reduction in future benefits payable to plan participants, and, in combination with other experience reflected as of the remeasurement date, resulted in a $227 million reduction to the net accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. the plan amendment will be amortized over 10.2 years, the average future working lifetime to full eligibility age for all plan participants.
after the remeasurement, the retirement and benefit plans investment committee (the "investment committee"), which is responsible for overseeing the investment of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans' assets, determined that the funded status of the postretirement medical bargaining plan was in excess of that needed to pay current and future benefits.
74
given the change in funded status, the investment committee commissioned a new asset-liability study for the postretirement medical bargaining plan. this study concluded that it was prudent to decrease the risk in the plan and to remove its equity exposure. the study also recommended reducing its exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the assets of the plan to the projected cash flows for future benefit payments of the liability. the investment committee agreed with the recommendations and approved the investment of the postretirement medical bargaining plan assets in fixed-income securities.
the restructuring of the plan was initiated toward year-end. once fully completed, the plan's assets will be invested in fixed-income securities. the majority of the securities will be used to match the projected cash flows for future benefit payments of the liability. plan assets in excess of those securities designed to match the long-term liabilities will be invested in shorter duration securities with a duration of about three years.
the following table provides the allocations of the other postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category:
2019 target allocation (a)               percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                       2018                             2017
equity securities                  14               %             17          %                    35          %
fixed income                       86               %             83          %                    65          %
reits                               -                              -                                -
total                             100               %            100          %                   100          %
(a)   includes the american water postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the new york water service corporation postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the american water postretirement medical benefits non-bargaining plan, and the american water life insurance trust.
the investments of the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts include debt and equity securities held either directly or through commingled funds. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses an independent valuation firm to calculate the fair value of plan assets. additionally, the company independently verifies the assets' values. approximately 88% of the assets are valued using the quoted market price for the assets in an active market at the measurement date, while 12% of the assets are valued using other inputs.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. our rate of compensation increase was 3% for 2018, 3.02% for 2017 and 3.07% for 2016.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, we consider past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. as of january 1, 2017, our health care cost trend rate assumption used to calculate the periodic cost was 7% in 2018 gradually declining to 4.5% in 2026 and thereafter. as of december 31, 2018, the company is projecting that medical inflation will be 6.75% in 2019 and, it will ultimately trend down to 5%, but not until 2026.
we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.38% and 6.2%, respectively, for estimating our 2019 pension costs. additionally, we will use a discount rate and expected blended return based on weighted assets of 4.32% and 3.56%, respectively, for estimating our 2019 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase our pension expense. our 2018 and 2017 pension and postretirement benefit costs were $21 million and $56 million, respectively. the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts up to $31 million in 2019, and $32 million, $29 million, $29 million and $29 million in 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards. as these assumptions change from period to period, recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts and funding requirements could also change.
accounting for contingencies we record loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss or a range of losses can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management's judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limed to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, review of applicable law, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. we provide disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. we provide estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
75
actual amounts realized upon settlement of contingencies may be different than amounts recorded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. see note 16-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding contingencies.
new accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.
