item 1a. risk factors risks associated with our business, an investment in our securities, and with achieving the forward-looking statements contained in this report or in our news releases, websites, public filings, investor and analyst conferences or elsewhere, include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described below. any of the risk factors described below could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. we may not succeed in addressing these challenges and risks.
the industry in which we operate is dependent upon the residential homebuilding industry, as well as the u.s. economy, the credit markets and other important factors.
the building products industry is highly dependent on new home and multifamily construction, which in turn are dependent upon a number of factors, including interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, housing inventory levels and occupancy, housing demand and the health of the u.s. economy and mortgage markets. unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, consumer confidence, housing affordability, or housing inventory levels and occupancy, or a weakening of the u.s. economy or of any regional or local economy in which we operate could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for our products, and adversely affect our business. production of new homes and multifamily buildings may also decline because of shortages of qualified tradesmen, reliance on inadequately capitalized builders and sub-contractors, and shortages of suitable building lots and material. the homebuilding industry is currently experiencing a shortage of qualified, trained labor in many areas, including those served by us. in addition, the building industry is subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations concerning zoning, building design and safety, construction, energy and water conservation and similar matters, including regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can be built within the boundaries of a particular area or in order to maintain certain areas as primarily or exclusively residential. regulatory restrictions may increase our operating expenses and limit the availability of suitable building lots for our customers, which could negatively affect our sales and earnings. because we have substantial fixed costs, relatively modest declines in our customers' production levels could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
according to the u.s. census bureau, annual u.s. total and single-family housing starts were 1.2 million and 0.9 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2018. however, both total and single-family housing starts remain well below the normalized historical averages (from 1959 through 2018) of 1.5 million and 1.1 million, respectively. due to the lower levels in housing starts, increased competition for homebuilder business and cyclical fluctuations in commodity prices, we have seen and may continue to experience pressure on our gross margins.
the building supply industry is subject to cyclical market pressures.
prices of building products are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation, and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the delivery of lumber and other products. for example, prices of wood products, including lumber and panel products, are subject to significant volatility and directly affect our sales and earnings. in particular, low prices for wood products over a sustained period can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, as can excessive spikes in prices. our lumber and lumber sheet goods product category represented 37.6% of total sales for the year ended december 31, 2018. we have limited ability to manage the timing and amount of pricing changes for building products. in addition, the supply of building products fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity. a shortage of capacity or excess capacity in the industry can result in significant increases or declines in prices for those building products, often within a short period of time. such price fluctuations can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
in addition, the building products industry is cyclical in nature. the homebuilding industry has experienced growth in recent years and industry forecasters expect to see continued growth in the housing market in the near term. however, it is likely, based on historical experience, that we will face future downturns in the homebuilding industry which could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. we are not able to predict the timing, severity or duration of any future downturns in the housing market.
the building supply industry is seasonal.
although weather patterns affect our operating results throughout the year, adverse weather historically has reduced construction activity in the first and fourth quarters in the regions where we operate. to the extent that hurricanes, severe storms, floods, other natural disasters or similar events occur in the regions in which we operate, our business may be adversely affected. we anticipate that fluctuations from period to period will continue in the future.
10
homebuyer demand may shift towards smaller homes creating fluctuations in demand for our products.
home affordability can be a key driver in demand for our products. home affordability is influenced by a number of economic factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, supply of houses, the availability of financing and interest rates. changes in the inventory of available homes as well as economic factors relative to home prices may result in homes becoming less affordable. this could cause homebuyer demand to shift towards smaller homes which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
our industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and increased competitive pressure may adversely affect our results.
the building products supply industry is highly fragmented and competitive. we face, and will continue to face, significant competition from local and regional building materials chains, as well as from privately-owned single site enterprises. any of these competitors may (1) foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, (2) develop products that are superior to our products, (3) have the ability to produce or supply similar products at a lower cost, (4) develop stronger relationships with local homebuilders or commercial builders, (5) adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements than we do, or (6) have access to financing on more favorable terms than we can obtain in the market. as a result, we may not be able to compete successfully with them. in addition, home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and small contractors, have intensified their marketing efforts to professional homebuilders in recent years and may continue to intensify these efforts in the future. furthermore, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to production homebuilders or commercial builders. the volume of such direct sales could increase in the future. additionally, manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to homebuilders or commercial builders in the future or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. consolidation of production homebuilders or commercial builders may result in increased competition for their business. finally, we may not be able to maintain our operating costs or product prices at a level sufficiently low for us to compete effectively. if we are unable to compete effectively, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
we are subject to competitive pricing pressure from our customers.
production homebuilders and multi-family builders historically have exerted and will continue to exert significant pressure on their outside suppliers to keep prices low because of their market share and their ability to leverage such market share in the highly fragmented building products supply industry. the housing industry downturn and its aftermath resulted in significantly increased pricing pressures from production homebuilders and other customers. over the past few years, these pricing pressures have adversely affected our operating results and cash flows. in addition, continued consolidation among production homebuilders or multi-family and commercial builders, or changes in such builders' purchasing policies or payment practices, could result in additional pricing pressure, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our debt instruments.
as of december 31, 2018, our debt totaled $1,577.1 million, which includes $243.5 million of capital lease and other finance obligations. we also have a $900.0 million revolving credit facility ("2022 facility"), under which we had $179.0 million of outstanding borrowings and $82.2 million of letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2018. in addition, we have significant obligations under ongoing operating leases that are not reflected on our balance sheet.
our substantial debt could have important consequences to us, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;

•   requiring a substantial portion of our operating cash flow to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our liquidity and our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities;

•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates, and corresponding increased interest expense, because borrowings under the 2022 facility and the $458.3 million senior secured term loan facility due 2024 ("2024 term loan") are at variable rates of interest;

•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes;

11
•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing marketplace conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have less debt.

•   limiting our attractiveness as an investment opportunity for potential investors.

in addition, some of our debt instruments, including those governing the 2022 facility, the 2024 term loan, and the 5.625% senior secured notes due 2024 ("2024 notes"), contain cross-default provisions that could result in our debt being declared immediately due and payable under a number of debt instruments, even if we default on only one debt instrument. in such event, it is possible that we would not be able to satisfy our obligations under all of such accelerated indebtedness simultaneously.
our financial condition and operating performance, including that of our subsidiaries, are also subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. there are no assurances that we will maintain a level of liquidity sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations in an effort to meet our debt service and other obligations. the agreements governing the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing our 2024 notes restrict our ability to dispose of assets and to use the proceeds from such dispositions. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or be able to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
we may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.
we are substantially reliant on cash on hand and borrowing availability under the 2022 facility, which totaled $595.5 million at december 31, 2018, to provide working capital and fund our operations. our working capital requirements are likely to grow assuming the housing industry continues to grow. our inability to renew, amend or replace the 2022 facility, the 2024 term loan or the 2024 notes when required or when business conditions warrant could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
economic and credit market conditions, the performance of our industry, and our financial performance, as well as other factors, may constrain our financing abilities. our ability to secure additional financing, if available, and to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time will depend upon our future operating performance, the availability of credit, economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. significant worsening of current housing market conditions or the macroeconomic factors that affect our industry could require us to seek additional capital and have a material adverse effect on our ability to secure such capital on favorable terms, if at all.
we may be unable to secure additional financing, financing on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time, including the 2022 facility, the 2024 term loan, and the 2024 notes. the agreements governing the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing the 2024 notes, moreover, restrict the amount of permitted indebtedness allowed. in addition, if financing is not available when needed, or is available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to take advantage of business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. if additional funds are raised through the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution.
we may incur additional indebtedness.
we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including collateralized debt, subject to the restrictions contained in the agreements governing the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing the 2024 notes. if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify.
12
our debt instruments contain various covenants that limit our ability to operate our business.
our financing arrangements, including the agreements governing the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing the 2024 notes, contain various provisions that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   transfer or sell assets, including the equity interests of our restricted subsidiaries, or use asset sale proceeds;

•   incur additional debt;

•   pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock;

•   make certain restricted payments or investments;

•   create liens to secure debt;

•   enter into transactions with affiliates;

•   merge or consolidate with another company or continue to receive the benefits of these financing arrangements under a "change in control" scenario (as defined in those agreements); and

•   engage in unrelated business activities.

the agreement governing the 2022 facility contains a financial covenant requiring the satisfaction of a minimum fixed charge ratio of 1.00 to 1.00 if our excess availability falls below the greater of $80.0 million or 10% of the maximum borrowing amount, which was $84.7 million as of december 31, 2018.
these provisions may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. our ability to comply with the agreements governing the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing the 2024 notes may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments, a change in control or other events beyond our control. the breach of any of these provisions, including those contained in the 2022 facility and the 2024 term loan and the indenture governing the 2024 notes, could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. if any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly.
interest rates may increase in the future. as a result, interest rates on our 2022 facility and our 2024 term loan could be higher or lower than current levels.  as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately $637.3 million, or 40.4%, of our outstanding debt at variable interest rates.  if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. further, an increase in interest rates could also trigger a limitation on the deductibility of those interest costs, increasing our tax expense thereby further decreasing our net income and cash flows. since 2016, the company has executed several debt transactions designed to reduce debt, extend maturities or lower our interest rates. the company is likely to execute similar debt transactions in the future. however, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in anticipating the direction of interest rates or changes in market conditions, which could result in future debt transactions having a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
a 1.0% increase in interest rates on the 2022 facility would result in approximately $1.8 million in additional interest expense annually as we had $179.0 million in outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2018. the 2022 facility also assesses variable commitment and outstanding letter of credit fees based on quarterly average loan utilization. a 1.0% increase in interest rates on the 2024 term loan outstanding as of december 31, 2018 would result in approximately $4.6 million in additional interest expense annually.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person. the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations.
13
the loss of any of our significant customers or a reduction in the quantity of products they purchase could affect our financial health.
our ten largest customers generated approximately 16.8% of our sales for the year ended december 31, 2018. we cannot guarantee that we will maintain or improve our relationships with these customers or that we will supply these customers at historical levels. moreover, during the downturn and in subsequent years, some of our homebuilder customers exited or severely curtailed building activity in certain of our regions.
in addition, production homebuilders, multi-family builders and other customers may: (1) seek to purchase some of the products that we currently sell directly from manufacturers, (2) elect to establish their own building products manufacturing and distribution facilities or (3) give advantages to manufacturing or distribution intermediaries in which they have an economic stake. continued consolidation among production homebuilders could also result in a loss of some of our present customers to our competitors. the loss of one or more of our significant customers or deterioration in our relations with any of them could significantly affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. furthermore, our customers are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. the contracts into which we have entered with most of our professional customers typically provide that we supply particular products or services for a certain period of time when and if ordered by the customer. should our customers purchase our products in significantly lower quantities than they have in the past, such decreased purchases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
a range of factors may make our quarterly revenues and earnings variable.
we have historically experienced, and in the future will continue to experience, variability in revenues and earnings on a quarterly basis. the factors expected to contribute to this variability include, among others: (1) the volatility of prices of lumber, wood products and other building products, (2) the cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry, (3) general economic conditions in the various areas that we serve, (4) the intense competition in the industry, including expansion and growth strategies by competitors, (5) the production schedules of our customers, and (6) the effects of the weather. these factors, among others, make it difficult to project our operating results on a consistent basis, which may affect the price of our stock.
our continued success will depend on our ability to retain our key employees and to attract and retain new qualified employees.
our success depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, operational, sales and other personnel. we face significant competition for these types of employees in our industry and from other industries. we may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. in addition, key personnel may leave us and compete against us. our success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service of our senior management team. we may be unsuccessful in replacing key managers who either resign or retire. the loss of any member of our senior management team or other experienced senior employees could impair our ability to execute our business plan, cause us to lose customers and reduce our net sales, or lead to employee morale problems and/or the loss of other key employees. in any such event, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence on third-party suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health.
our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate product supply from manufacturers and other suppliers. generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. however, the loss of, or a substantial decrease in the availability of, products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
although in many instances we have agreements with our suppliers, these agreements are generally terminable by either party on limited notice. failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could put pressure on our operating margins or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are oftentimes, but not always passed on to our customers. our delayed ability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
if the housing market declines, we may be required to take impairment charges relating to our operations or temporarily idle or permanently close under-performing locations.
if conditions in the housing industry deteriorate we may need to take goodwill and/or asset impairment charges relating to certain of our reporting units. any such non-cash charges would have an adverse effect on our financial results. in addition, in response to industry conditions, we may have to temporarily idle or permanently close certain facilities in under-performing regions. any such facility closures could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
14
the nature of our business exposes us to product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims and legal proceedings.
we are involved in product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims relating to the products we manufacture and distribute, and services we provide or have provided that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with many of the products we sell and distribute. because we have no direct control over the quality of such products manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products. the company has a number of known and threatened construction defect legal claims. we are also involved in several asbestos personal injury suits due to the alleged sale of asbestos-containing products by legacy businesses that we acquired.  in addition, we are exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our respective employees and subcontractors, and builders and their subcontractors, for which we may be contractually liable. although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance in excess of our self-insured amounts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or that such insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle, and other claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in our products and our company. in addition, we are involved on an ongoing basis in other types of legal proceedings. we cannot assure you that any current or future claims against us will not adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we occupy most of our facilities under long-term non-cancelable leases. we may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. if we close a facility, we are still obligated under the applicable lease.
most of our facilities are leased. many of our leases are non-cancelable, typically have initial expiration terms ranging from five to 15 years and most provide options to renew for specified periods of time. we believe that leases we enter into in the future will likely be for similar terms (five to 15 years), will be non-cancelable and will feature similar renewal options. if we close or idle a facility we would remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent, insurance, taxes and other expenses on the leased property for the balance of the lease term. management may explore offsets to remaining obligations such as subleasing opportunities or negotiated lease terminations. during the period from 2007 through 2018, we closed or idled a number of facilities for which we continue to remain liable. our obligation to continue making rental payments with respect to leases for closed or idled facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. at the end of a lease term, for those locations where we have no renewal options remaining, we may be unable to renew the lease without additional cost, if at all. if we are unable to renew our facility leases, we may close or, if possible, relocate the facility, which could subject us to additional costs and risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, the revenue and profit generated at a relocated facility may not equal the revenue and profit generated at the former operation.
we are a holding company and conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company that derives all of our operating income from our subsidiaries. all of our assets are held by our direct and indirect subsidiaries. we rely on the earnings and cash flows of our subsidiaries, which are paid to us by our subsidiaries in the form of dividends and other payments or distributions, to meet our debt service obligations. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or distributions to us will depend on their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, the laws of their jurisdiction of organization (which may limit the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends and other distributions to us), the terms of existing and future indebtedness and other agreements of our subsidiaries, the 2022 facility, the 2024 term loan, the terms of the indentures governing the 2024 notes and the covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur.
15
we may be adversely affected by any disruption in our respective information technology systems.
our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. our probuild subsidiary currently maintains multiple erp systems to manage its operations. we are in the process of integrating certain of probuild's systems with ours and are expecting to complete that process in 2019.  we may encounter significant operational disruptions and higher than expected costs in connection with the ongoing erp integration process, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. our primary erp system is a proprietary system that has been highly customized by our computer programmers. our centralized financial reporting system currently draws data from our erp systems. we rely upon our information technology systems to run critical accounting and financial information systems, process receivables, manage and replenish inventory, fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis, and coordinate our sales activities across all products and services. a substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period (arising from, for example, system capacity limits from unexpected increases in our volume of business, outages, natural or other disasters, or disruptions in our service) could result in problems and delays in generating critical financial and operational information, processing receivables, receiving inventory and supplies and filling customer orders. these disruptions could adversely affect our operating results as well as our customer service and relationships. our systems, or those of our significant customers or suppliers, might be damaged or interrupted by natural or man-made events or by computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar disruptions affecting the global internet. in addition, we rely on a number of third-party service providers to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology systems and infrastructure, and any breach of security or disruption in their systems could impair our ability to operate effectively. there can be no assurance that such disruptions, delays, problems, or associated costs relating to our systems or those of our significant customers, suppliers or third-party providers would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks and expect to incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks.
our business employs systems that allow for the secure storage and transmission of customers', vendors' and employees' proprietary information. security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts and cyber- or phishing-attacks. these events could compromise ours' and our customers' and suppliers' confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. to our knowledge, we have not experienced a material cybersecurity breach to date. as cyber-attacks become more sophisticated, we expect to incur increasing costs to strengthen our systems from outside intrusions and have purchased and expect to maintain insurance coverage related to the threat of such attacks. while we have implemented administrative and technical controls and have taken other preventive actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, direct debit from a customer's bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
16
we may be adversely affected by any natural or man-made disruptions to our distribution and manufacturing facilities.
we currently maintain a broad network of distribution and manufacturing facilities throughout the u.s. any widespread disruption to our operations resulting from fire, earthquake, weather-related events, an act of terrorism or any other cause could damage multiple facilities and a significant portion of our inventory and could materially impair our ability to distribute our products to customers. moreover, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our customers during the time that it takes for us to reopen or replace a damaged facility. in addition, any shortages of fuel or significant fuel cost increases could disrupt our ability to distribute products to our customers. if any of these events were to occur, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes increasing sales of our prefabricated components and other value-added products, pursuing strategic acquisitions, opening new facilities and reducing our outstanding debt.
our long-term strategy depends in part on growing our sales of prefabricated components and other value-added products and increasing our market share. if any of these initiatives are not successful, or require extensive investment, our growth may be limited, and we may be unable to achieve or maintain expected levels of growth and profitability.
our long-term business plan also provides for continued growth through strategic acquisitions and organic growth through the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities. failure to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates on appropriate terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy. moreover, our liquidity position, or the requirements of the 2022 facility, the 2024 term loan or the indentures governing the 2024 notes, could prevent us from obtaining the capital required to effect new acquisitions or expand our existing facilities. our failure to make successful acquisitions or to build or expand needed facilities, including manufacturing facilities, produce saleable product, or meet customer demand in a timely manner could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. a negative impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, or our decision to invest in strategic acquisitions or new facilities, could adversely affect our ability to reduce our substantial outstanding debt.
in addition, although we have been successful in the past with the integration of numerous acquisitions, we may not be able to fully integrate the operations of any future acquired businesses with our own in an efficient and cost-effective manner or without significant disruption to our or the acquired companies' existing operations. moreover, acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including uncertainties as to the future financial performance of the acquired business, the achievement of expected synergies, difficulties integrating acquired personnel and corporate cultures into our business, the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers, difficulties in integrating different computer and accounting systems, exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies and the diversion of management attention and resources from existing operations. we may be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions due to multiple factors, such as issues related to regulatory review of the proposed transactions. we may also be required to incur additional debt or issue additional shares of our common stock in order to consummate acquisitions in the future. potential new debt may be substantial and may limit our flexibility in using our cash flow from operations. the issuance of new shares of our common stock could dilute the equity value of our existing shareholders. our failure to fully integrate future acquired businesses effectively or to manage other consequences of our acquisitions, including increased indebtedness, could prevent us from remaining competitive and, ultimately, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
federal, state, local and other regulations could impose substantial costs and/or restrictions on our operations that would reduce our net income.
we are subject to various federal, state, local and other regulations, including, among other things, regulations promulgated by the department of transportation and applicable to our fleet of delivery trucks, work safety regulations promulgated by the department of labor's occupational safety and health administration, employment regulations promulgated by the united states equal employment opportunity commission, tariff regulations on imported products promulgated by the federal government, accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") or similar entities, state and local regulations relating to our escrow business, and state and local zoning restrictions and building codes. more burdensome regulatory requirements in these or other areas may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. moreover, failure to comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to our business could expose us to substantial penalties that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
17
recently enacted tax legislation as well as any future changes to tax laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business.
on december 22, 2017, legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act ("the 2017 tax act") became enacted law. the 2017 tax act substantially changes several aspects of the internal revenue code, some of which may have an adverse impact on our business. certain aspects of the 2017 tax act may make purchasing a home less attractive and therefore could have an adverse impact on our business. the 2017 tax act contains limitations on the ability of homeowners to deduct property taxes and mortgage interest as well as limitations on an individual taxpayer's ability to deduct state and local income taxes. the 2017 tax act also raises the standard deduction. these changes could reduce the perceived affordability of homeownership, and therefore the demand for homes, and/or have a moderating impact on home sales prices in areas with relatively high housing prices and/or high state and local income taxes and real estate taxes, including in certain of our served markets such as california and new york. as a result, some communities in those locations could experience lower net orders and/or a tempering of average sales prices in future periods depending on how homebuyers react to the tax law changes under the 2017 tax act.
in addition, the 2017 tax act eliminates the ability for companies to carryback any future net operating losses ("nols"). while the 2017 tax act provides for indefinite carryforwards of future nols, the utilization of these nols is limited to 80% of taxable income in a carryforward year. further, the 2017 tax act limits the ability for companies to deduct interest expense that exceeds 30% of adjusted taxable income with disallowed interest for a given year allowed to be carried forward to future years indefinitely. the 2017 tax act also modified the existing 162(m) limitations, creating additional limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation. these limitations on the utilization of future nols, the deductibility of interest expense and the deductibility of executive compensation could adversely impact us in the future. finally, there can be no assurance that any future changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations will not have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to potential exposure to environmental liabilities and are subject to environmental regulation.
we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. although we believe that our facilities are in material compliance with such laws, ordinances, and regulations, as owners and lessees of real property, we can be held liable for the investigation or remediation of contamination on such properties, in some circumstances, without regard to whether we knew of or were responsible for such contamination. no assurance can be provided that remediation may not be required in the future as a result of spills or releases of petroleum products or hazardous substances, the discovery of unknown environmental conditions, more stringent standards regarding existing residual contamination, or changes in legislation, laws, rules or regulations. more burdensome environmental regulatory requirements may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we may be adversely affected by uncertainty in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism or unrest in the middle east, europe or elsewhere.
instability in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism or unrest in the middle east, europe or elsewhere, may result in a decrease in housing starts, which would adversely affect our business. in addition, such unrest or related adverse developments, including a retaliatory military strike or terrorist attack, may cause unpredictable or unfavorable economic conditions and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. any shortages of fuel or significant fuel cost increases related to geopolitical conditions could seriously disrupt our ability to distribute products to our customers. in addition, domestic terrorist attacks may affect our ability to keep our operations and services functioning properly and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
some company employees are unionized.
less than 2% of the workforce at our company are members of eight different unions. there can be no assurance that additional employees of our company will not conduct union organization campaigns or become union members in the future.
the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations.
between january 1, 2018 and december 31, 2018, the price of our common stock on the nasdaq ranged from $10.15 to $23.28 per share. our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including those described in this "risk factors" section. additionally, our substantial indebtedness may hinder the demand for our common stock, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
18
the price of our common stock is volatile and may decline.
the market price of our common stock historically has experienced and may continue to experience significant price fluctuations similar to those experienced by the broader stock market in recent years. in addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to various factors, including:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;

•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, changes in customer relationships, acquisitions, or expansion plans;

•   changes in the prices of products we sell;

•   involvement in litigation;

•   our sale of common stock or other securities in the future;

•   market conditions in our industry;

•   changes in key personnel;

•   changes in market valuation or earnings of our competitors;

•   the trading volume of our common stock;

•   changes in the estimation of the future size and growth rate of our markets; and

•   general economic and market conditions;

broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company.
if we were involved in any similar litigation we could incur substantial costs and our management's attention and resources could be diverted, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as a result, it may be difficult for you to resell your shares of common stock in the future.
significant sales of our common stock, or the perception that significant sales may occur in the future, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, and the availability of shares for future sale, including 1.3 million shares of our common stock issuable as of december 31, 2018, upon exercise of outstanding vested and unvested options to acquire shares of our common stock and through the conversion of 2.0 million restricted stock units under our stock incentive plans, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could cause the market price of our common stock to remain low for a substantial time. additional stock grants may also be made under our incentive plans, including our 2014 incentive plan, as it may be amended. the potential for future stock grants could have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital.
we do not have any current plan to pay, and are restricted in our ability to pay, any dividends on our common stock, and as a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in our common stock is if the price of our common stock increases.
we anticipate that we will retain all future earnings and other cash resources for the future operation and development of our business, including potential debt reduction. accordingly, we do not intend to declare or pay regular cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account many factors, including our operating results, financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. the declaration and payment of any dividends on our common stock is also restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
item  7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the selected financial data and the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, respectively. see "risk factors" contained in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k and "cautionary statement" contained in item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
overview we are a leading supplier of building materials, manufactured components and construction services to professional contractors, sub-contractors, and consumers. the company operates 401 locations in 39 states across the united states. given the span and depth of our geographical reach, our locations are organized into nine geographical regions (regions 1 through 9), which are also our operating segments, and these are further aggregated into four reportable segments: northeast, southeast, south and west. all of our segments have similar customers, products and services, and distribution methods. our financial statements contain additional information regarding segment performance which is discussed in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we offer an integrated solution to our customers providing manufacturing, supply and installation of a full range of structural and related building products. our manufactured products include our factory-built roof and floor trusses, wall panels and stairs, vinyl windows, custom millwork and trim, as well as engineered wood that we design, cut, and assemble for each home. we also assemble interior and exterior doors into pre-hung units. additionally, we supply our customers with a broad offering of professional grade building products not manufactured by us, such as dimensional lumber and lumber sheet goods and various window, door and millwork lines. our full range of construction-related services includes professional installation, turn-key framing and shell construction, and spans products across all of our product categories.
we group our building products into six product categories:
•   lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods. lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods include dimensional lumber, plywood, and osb products used in on-site house framing.

•   manufactured products. manufactured products consist of wood floor and roof trusses, steel roof trusses, wall panels, stairs, and engineered wood.

•   windows, door &amp; millwork. windows &amp; doors are comprised of the manufacturing, assembly, and distribution of windows and the assembly and distribution of interior and exterior door units. millwork includes interior trim and custom features including those that we manufacture under the synboard ® brand name.

•   gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation. gypsum, roofing, &amp; insulation include wallboard, ceilings, joint treatment and finishes.

•   siding, metal, and concrete. siding, metal, and concrete includes vinyl, composite, and wood siding, exterior trim, other exteriors, metal studs and cement.

•   other building products &amp; services. other building products &amp; services are comprised of products such as cabinets and hardware as well as services such as turn-key framing, shell construction, design assistance, and professional installation spanning the majority of our product categories.

our operating results are dependent on the following trends, strategies, events and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control:
•   homebuilding industry. our business is driven primarily by the residential new construction market and the residential repair and remodel market, which are in turn dependent upon a number of factors, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, the availability of skilled construction labor, and the health of the economy and mortgage markets. according to the u.s. census bureau, annual u.s. total and single-family housing starts were 1.2 million and 0.9 million, respectively, in 2018. however, both total and single-family housing starts remain well below the normalized historical averages (from 1959 through 2018) of 1.5 million and 1.1 million, respectively. we believe the housing industry is currently experiencing a shortage of skilled construction labor, which is constraining housing activity. due to the lower levels in housing starts versus historical norms, increased competition for homebuilder business and cyclical fluctuations in commodity prices we have seen and may continue to experience pressure on our gross margins. in addition to these factors, there has been a trend of consolidation within the building products supply industry. however, our industry remains highly fragmented and competitive and we will continue to face significant competition from local and regional suppliers. we still believe there are several meaningful trends that indicate u.s. housing demand will continue to trend towards recovering to the historical average. these trends include relatively low interest rates, the aging of housing stock, and normal population growth due to immigration and birthrate exceeding death rate. while the rate of market growth has recently eased, industry forecasters, including the national association of homebuilders ("nahb"), expect to see continued increases in housing demand over the next year.

24
•   targeting large production homebuilders. in recent years, the homebuilding industry has undergone consolidation, and the larger homebuilders have increased their market share. we expect that trend to continue as larger homebuilders have better liquidity and land positions relative to the smaller, less capitalized homebuilders. our focus is on maintaining relationships and market share with these customers while balancing the competitive pressures we are facing in servicing large homebuilders with certain profitability expectations. additionally, we have been successful in expanding our custom homebuilder base while maintaining acceptable credit standards.

•   repair and remodel end market. although the repair and remodel end market is influenced by housing starts to a lesser degree than the homebuilding market, the repair and remodel end market is still dependent upon some of the same factors as the homebuilding market, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, and the health of the economy and home financing markets. we expect that our ability to remain competitive in this space will depend on our continued ability to provide a high level of customer service coupled with a broad product offering.

•   use of prefabricated components. homebuilders are increasingly using prefabricated components in order to realize increased efficiency, overcome skilled construction labor shortages and improve quality. shortening cycle time from start to completion is a key imperative of the homebuilders during periods of strong consumer demand. we see the demand for prefabricated components increasing as the residential new construction market continues to strengthen and the availability of skilled construction labor remains limited.

•   economic conditions. economic changes both nationally and locally in our markets impact our financial performance. the building products supply industry is highly dependent upon new home construction and subject to cyclical market changes. our operations are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and local economic conditions, labor costs and availability, competition, government regulation, trade policies and other factors that affect the homebuilding industry such as demographic trends, interest rates, housing starts, the high cost of land development, employment levels, consumer confidence, and the availability of credit to homebuilders, contractors, and homeowners.

•   housing affordability. the affordability of housing can be a key driver in demand for our products. home affordability is influenced by a number of economic factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, supply of houses, the availability of financing and interest rates. changes in the inventory of available homes as well as economic factors relative to home prices could result in changes to the affordability of homes. as a result, homebuyer demand may shift towards smaller, or larger, homes creating fluctuations in demand for our products.

•   cost of materials. prices of wood products, which are subject to cyclical market fluctuations, may adversely impact operating income when prices rapidly rise or fall within a relatively short period of time. we purchase certain materials, including lumber products, which are then sold to customers as well as used as direct production inputs for our manufactured and prefabricated products. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are oftentimes passed on to our customers, but our pricing quotation periods may limit our ability to pass on such price changes. we may also be limited in our ability to pass on increases on in-bound freight costs on our products. our inability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our operating results.

•   controlling expenses. another important aspect of our strategy is controlling costs and striving to be the low-cost building materials supplier in the markets we serve. we pay close attention to managing our working capital and operating expenses. further, we pay careful attention to our logistics function and its effect on our shipping and handling costs

•   multi-family and light commercial business. our primary focus has been, and continues to be, on single-family residential new construction and the repair and remodel end market. however, we will continue to identify opportunities for profitable growth in the multi-family and light commercial markets.

•   capital structure: as a result of our historical growth through acquisitions, we have substantial indebtedness. we strive to optimize our capital structure to ensure that our financial needs are met in light of economic conditions, business activities, organic investments, opportunities for growth through acquisition and the overall risk characteristics of our underlying assets. we evaluate our capital structure on the basis of our leverage ratio as well as the factors described above. while debt reduction will continue to be a key area of focus for the company, we may adjust debt or equity levels in order to appropriately manage and optimize our capital structure.

25
recent developments during the fourth quarter of 2018, the company repurchased $53.6 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.625% senior secured notes due 2024 ("2024 notes") and in february 2019 we repurchased an additional $20.4 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 notes. following these repurchases we have $675.9 million of 2024 notes which remain outstanding.
these repurchases are described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the company may repurchase or call the 2024 notes, repay debt, or otherwise enter into transactions regarding its capital structure.
current operating conditions and outlook though the level of housing starts remains below the historical average, the homebuilding industry has shown improvement since 2011. according to the u.s. census bureau, actual u.s. total housing starts for the year ended ended december 31, 2018 were 1.2 million, an increase of 3.6% compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. actual u.s. single-family housing starts for the year ended december 31, 2018 were 0.9 million, an increase of 2.8% compared to the year ended december 31 2017.  while the housing industry has strengthened over the past few years, the limited availability of credit to smaller homebuilders and potential homebuyers, the high cost of land development in many major metropolitan areas, the high demand for a limited supply of skilled construction labor, and increasing costs for materials and labor, among other factors, have hampered a stronger recovery. a composite of third party sources, including the nahb, are forecasting 1.3 million u.s. total housing starts and 0.9 million u.s. single-family housing starts for 2019, which are increases of 3.1% and 3.1%, respectively, from 2018. in addition, the home improvement research institute ("hiri") is forecasting sales in the professional repair and remodel end market to increase approximately 6.8% in 2019 compared to 2018.
our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2018 were up 9.8% over the same period last year. we estimate that 6.7% of this increase is attributable to the impact of commodity price inflation on sales in 2018 compared to 2017. single-family and repair and remodel/other end market sales volume growth in 2018 was partially offset by declines in multi-family. our gross margin percentage increased by 0.3% during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. the pressure we experienced on our gross margins in the first half of 2018 due to rising commodity costs relative to our customer pricing commitments was more than offset by the sharp decline in these commodity costs during the second half of 2018. we continue to invest in our business to improve our operating efficiency, which, along with operating leverage and disciplined cost management, has allowed us to better leverage our operating costs against changes in net sales. our selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 20.1% for the year ended december 31, 2018, a 0.4% decrease from 20.5% in 2017. this improvement was primarily driven by cost leverage. however, this decrease was partially offset by increased commissions due to increased sales and margins as well as increased incentives and operating costs related to our profitable growth in 2018.
while the rate of market growth has recently eased we still believe the long-term outlook for the housing industry is positive due to growth and trends in the underlying demographics. we feel we are well-positioned to take advantage of the construction activity in our markets and to increase our market share, which may include strategic acquisitions or investments in organic growth opportunities. we will continue to focus on working capital by closely monitoring the credit exposure of our customers, remaining focused on maintaining the right level of inventory and by working with our vendors to improve payment terms and pricing on our products. we strive to achieve the appropriate balance of short-term expense control while maintaining the expertise and capacity to grow the business as market conditions improve. in addition, debt reduction will continue to be a key area of focus for the company.
results of operations the following table sets forth the percentage relationship to sales of certain costs, expenses and income items for the years ended december 31:
2018              2017               2016

sales                                                100.0   %         100.0   %           100.0    %
cost of sales                                         75.1   %          75.4   %            74.9    %
gross margin                                          24.9   %          24.6   %            25.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses          20.1   %          20.5   %            21.4    %
income from operations                                 4.8   %           4.1   %             3.7    %
interest expense, net                                  1.4   %           2.7   %             3.3    %
income tax expense (benefit)                           0.7   %           0.8   %            (1.9   )%
net income                                             2.7   %           0.6   %             2.3    %
26
2018 compared with 2017
net sales. sales for the year ended december 31, 2018 were $7,724.8 million, a 9.8% increase from sales of $7,034.2 million for 2017.  we estimate that 6.7% of this increase is attributable to the impact of commodity price inflation on sales in 2018 compared to 2017. single-family and repair and remodel/other end market sales unit volume growth in 2018 was partially offset by declines in multi-family.
the following table shows sales classified by major product category (dollars in millions):
2018                                          2017

sales            % of sales                   sales            % of sales          % change lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods                   $2,902.2                  37.6   %            $2,510.9                  35.7   %          15.6    %
manufactured products                              1,392.0                  18.0   %             1,208.5                  17.2   %          15.2    %
windows, doors &amp; millwork                      1,445.9                  18.7   %             1,360.6                  19.4   %           6.3    %
gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation                     528.4                   6.9   %               538.4                   7.6   %          (1.8   )%
siding, metal &amp; concrete products                697.8                   9.0   %               655.9                   9.3   %           6.4    %
other building products &amp; services               758.5                   9.8   %               759.9                  10.8   %          (0.2   )%
total sales                                       $7,724.8                 100.0   %            $7,034.2                 100.0   %           9.8    %
the impact of commodity price inflation in 2018 resulted in the sales growth of our lumber and lumber sheet goods and manufactured products categories exceeding the sales growth of our other product categories.
gross margin. gross margin increased $195.5 million to $1,922.9 million. our gross margin percentage increased to 24.9% in 2018 from 24.6% in 2017, a 0.3% increase. the pressure we experienced on our gross margins in the first half of 2018 due to rising commodity costs relative to our customer pricing commitments was more than offset by the sharp decline in these commodity costs during the second half of 2018.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $111.7 million, or 7.7%. our salaries and benefits expense was $1,021.5 million, an increase of $86.0 million from 2017, primarily due to increases in variable compensation attributable to the increase in sales as well as an increase in group health insurance costs. largely due to our sales growth in 2018 fuel expense increased $9.9 million, office general and administrative expenses increased $10.3 million and bad debt expense increased $3.2 million.
as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 20.5% in 2017 to 20.1% in 2018, a 0.4% decrease. this improvement was primarily driven by cost leverage. however, this decrease was partially offset by increased commissions due to increased sales and margins as well as increased incentives and operating costs related to our profitable growth in 2018.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $108.2 million in 2018, a decrease of $85.0 million from 2017. interest expense declined $88.5 million due to the positive results of our debt transactions executed in fiscal years 2018 and 2017, and was slightly offset by increased interest expense of $4.0 million on our variable rate debt instruments due to increased market interest rates in 2018 compared to 2017. interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 included a $3.2 million gain on debt extinguishment. interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 included one-time charges of $58.7 million related to the debt transactions executed in that period.
income tax expense. we recorded income tax expense of $55.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to income tax expense of $53.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2017. due to the enactment of the 2017 tax act, we recorded income tax expense of $29.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 related to revaluation of our deferred tax assets. our effective tax rate was 21.3% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 57.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017, largely due to the impact of the additional income tax expense recognized in connection with the enactment of the 2017 tax act. absent the effect of the 2017 tax act and the changes to our valuation allowance, our effective rate would have been 29.4% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
27
2017 compared with 2016
net sales. sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 were $7,034.2 million, a 10.5% increase from sales of $6,367.3 million for 2016.  we estimate that 6.2% of this increase is attributable to the impact of commodity price inflation on sales in 2017 compared to 2016.  for the year ended december 31, 2017, sales unit volume growth in single-family and the repair and remodel end market were partially offset by declines in multi-family.
the following table shows sales classified by major product category (dollars in millions):
2017                                          2016

sales            % of sales                   sales            % of sales          % change lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods                   $2,510.9                  35.7   %            $2,131.4                  33.5   %          17.8   %
manufactured products                              1,208.5                  17.2   %             1,097.7                  17.2   %          10.1   %
windows, doors &amp; millwork                      1,360.6                  19.4   %             1,286.2                  20.2   %           5.8   %
gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation                     538.4                   7.6   %               520.0                   8.2   %           3.5   %
siding, metal &amp; concrete products                655.9                   9.3   %               622.3                   9.8   %           5.4   %
other building products &amp; services               759.9                  10.8   %               709.7                  11.1   %           7.1   %
total sales                                       $7,034.2                 100.0   %            $6,367.3                 100.0   %          10.5   %
we achieved increased net sales across all of our product categories. the impact of commodity price inflation in 2017 resulted in the sales growth of our lumber and lumber sheet goods category exceeding the sales growth of our other product categories.
gross margin. gross margin increased $130.6 million to $1,727.4 million. our gross margin percentage decreased to 24.6% in 2017 from 25.1% in 2016, a 0.5% decrease. our gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to gross profit margin compression on commodity products resulting from inflation in the lumber and lumber sheet goods markets during most of 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $81.9 million, or 6.0%. our salaries and benefits expense was $935.5 million, an increase of $41.1 million from 2016, and stock compensation increased $3.0 million. office general and administrative increased $13.9 million, delivery expense increased $10.1 million and occupancy expense increased $5.9 million. in addition, we recognized a $4.2 million loss on the disposal of assets during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to a gain of $5.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2016.
as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 21.4% in 2016 to 20.5% in 2017 due to cost leverage as well as the decline in depreciation and amortization on acquired probuild assets, partially offset by investments the company made towards growth initiatives, including additional sales associates and new locations.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $193.2 million in 2017, a decrease of $21.5 million from 2016. this decrease was largely attributable to the positive results of our debt transactions executed in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 included one-time charges related to the debt transactions of $58.7 million and $57.0 million, respectively.
income tax expense. we recorded income tax expense of $53.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to an income tax benefit of $122.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2016. due to the enactment of the 2017 tax act, we recorded income tax expense of $29.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 related to the revaluation of our net deferred tax assets. we recorded reductions of $2.8 million and $131.7 million in the after tax non-cash valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, our effective tax rate was 57.8% largely due to the impact of the additional income tax expense recognized in connection with the enactment of the 2017 tax act. our effective rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was (566.1%) primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance against our net federal and some state deferred tax assets in that period. absent the effect of the 2017 tax act and the changes to our valuation allowance, our effective rate would have been 29.4% and 41.8% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
28
results by reportable segment the following tables show net sales and income before income taxes by reportable segment excluding the "all other" caption as shown in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,

net sales                                                                                          income before income taxes
% of net                                        % of net                                                            % of net                                      % of net
2018                                sales       2017                                sales             % change       2018                               sales       2017                              sales           % change northeast              $1,340,637                17.7   %              $1,285,286                18.7   %              4.3   %              $33,496                   2.5   %             $40,358                   3.1   %              (17.0   )%
southeast               1,704,313                22.6   %               1,542,330                22.4   %             10.5   %               66,191                   3.9   %              49,738                   3.2   %       33.1           %
south                   2,050,961                27.1   %               1,855,425                27.0   %             10.5   %              110,613                   5.4   %              90,230                   4.9   %       22.6           %
west                    2,461,585                32.6   %               2,188,696                31.9   %             12.5   %              105,906                   4.3   %              85,629                   3.9   %       23.7           %
$7,557,496               100.0   %              $6,871,737               100.0   %                                  $316,206                   4.2   %            $265,955                   3.9   %
year ended december 31,

net sales                                                                                        income before income taxes
% of net                                         % of net                                                            % of net                                      % of net
2017                                sales       2016                                 sales              % change       2017                              sales       2016                              sales              % change northeast              $1,285,286                18.7   %              $1,204,100                 19.4   %               6.7   %             $40,358                   3.1   %             $35,347                   2.9   %              14.2   %
southeast               1,542,330                22.4   %               1,362,259                 22.0   %              13.2   %              49,738                   3.2   %              40,256                   3.0   %              23.6   %
south                   1,855,425                27.0   %               1,699,371                 27.4   %               9.2   %              90,230                   4.9   %              71,806                   4.2   %              25.7   %
west                    2,188,696                31.9   %               1,939,206      31.2              %   12.9              %              85,629                   3.9   %              72,810       3.8               %   17.6              %
$6,871,737               100.0   %              $6,204,936                100.0   %                                  $265,955                   3.9   %            $220,219                   3.5   %
we have four reportable segments based on an aggregation of the geographic regions in which we operate. while there is some geographic similarity between our reportable segments and the regions as defined by the u.s. census bureau, our reportable segments do not necessarily fully align with any single u.s. census bureau region.
according to the u.s. census bureau, actual single-family housing starts during the year ended december 31, 2018 increased 3.4%, 2.4% and 8.8% in the northeast region, south region and west region, respectively. actual single-family starts decreased 5.5% in the midwest region during the same period. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we achieved increased net sales and profitability in our southeast, south and west reportable segments. while we also achieved increased net sales in our northeast reportable segment due to the impact of commodity price inflation, profitability for that segment declined largely due to a decline in sales unit volume in that segment.
according to the u.s. census bureau, actual single-family housing starts during the year ended december 31, 2017 increased 3.2%, 7.7%, 7.6% and 13.6% in the northeast region, midwest region, south region and west region, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we achieved increased net sales and profitability compared to 2016 across all of our reportable segments, due to the impact of commodity price inflation as well as an increase in sales unit volume.
liquidity and capital resources our primary capital requirements are to fund working capital needs and operating expenses, meet required interest and principal payments, and to fund capital expenditures and potential future growth opportunities. our capital resources at december 31, 2018 consist of cash on hand and borrowing availability under our 2022 facility.
our 2022 facility will be primarily used for working capital, general corporate purposes, and funding capital expenditures and growth opportunities. in addition, we may use the 2022 facility to facilitate debt consolidation. availability under the 2022 facility is determined by a borrowing base. our borrowing base consists of trade accounts receivable, inventory, other receivables which include progress billings and credit card receivables, and qualified cash that all meet specific criteria contained within the credit agreement, minus agent specified reserves. net excess borrowing availability is equal to the maximum borrowing amount minus outstanding borrowings and letters of credit.
29
the following table shows our borrowing base and excess availability as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 (in millions):
as of

december 31,             december 31,
2018                     2017
accounts receivable availability                                   $431.9                   $437.2
inventory availability                                              395.4                    380.8
other receivables availability                                       18.8                     39.2
gross availability                                                  846.1                    857.2
less:
agent reserves                                                      (25.5   )                (24.9   )
plus:
cash in qualified accounts                                           26.0                     39.4
borrowing base                                                      846.6                    871.7
aggregate revolving commitments                                     900.0                    900.0
maximum borrowing amount (lesser of borrowing base and              846.6                    871.7
aggregate revolving commitments)
less:
outstanding borrowings                                             (179.0   )               (350.0   )
letters of credit                                                   (82.2   )                (84.9   )
net excess borrowing availability on revolving facility            $585.4                   $436.8
as of december 31, 2018, we had $179.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our 2022 facility and our net excess borrowing availability was $585.4 million after being reduced by outstanding letters of credit of approximately $82.2 million. we are required to meet a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1:00 to 1:00 if our excess availability falls below the greater of $80.0 million or 10% of the maximum borrowing amount, which was $84.7 million as of december 31, 2018. we were not in violation of any covenants or restrictions imposed by any of our debt agreements at december 31, 2018.
liquidity our liquidity at december 31, 2018 was $595.5 million, which consists of net borrowing availability under the 2022 facility and cash on hand.
we have substantial indebtedness following our recent acquisitions, which increased our interest expense and could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the company may repurchase or call the 2024 notes, repay debt, or otherwise enter into transactions regarding its capital structure.
should the current industry conditions deteriorate or we pursue additional acquisitions, we may be required to raise additional funds through the sale of capital stock or debt in the public capital markets or in privately negotiated transactions. there can be no assurance that any of these financing options would be available on favorable terms, if at all. alternatives to help supplement our liquidity position could include, but are not limited to, idling or permanently closing additional facilities, adjusting our headcount in response to current business conditions, attempts to renegotiate leases, managing our working capital and/or divesting of non-core businesses. there are no assurances that these steps would prove successful or materially improve our liquidity position.
consolidated cash flows
2018 compared with 2017
cash provided by operating activities was $282.8 million and $178.5 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in cash provided by operations is due to increased sales and profitability as well as a $37.2 million decrease in cash interest payments during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the prior year. working capital increased $92.2 million in 2018 compared to an increase of $93.9 million in 2017. the increase in working capital for the year ended december 31, 2018 was largely due to the timing and value of both inventory purchases and cash paid to vendors during the year.
cash used in investing activities was $96.7 million and $59.4 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in cash used in investing activities is largely due to a $39.0 million increase in capital expenditures in 2018 compared to 2017. the increase in capital expenditures largely relates to facility improvements as well as the company's decision to purchase, rather than lease, more of its machinery and rolling stock units in 2018 compared to 2017.
30
cash used in financing activities was $233.6 million and $76.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. cash used in financing activities in 2018 was primarily attributable to $171.0 million in net payments under the 2022 facility as well as $61.5 million net payments on long-term debt arrangements largely associated with the repurchases of our 2024 notes. cash used in financing activities in 2017 largely relates to the debt transactions executed in that period which are described below.
2017 compared with 2016
cash provided by operating activities was $178.5 million and $158.2 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash provided by operations was due to increased sales and profitability during the year ended december 31, 2017. however, this increase in cash provided by operating activities was mostly offset by the working capital increase of $93.9 million for 2017 exceeding the working capital increase of $42.5 million in 2016. this increased investment in working capital was primarily related to accounts receivable and inventory during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 due to a $666.9 million increase in sales and increased commodity costs over the same period. in addition, the larger increase in working capital for 2017 was also due to a decrease in accrued liabilities compared to an increase in accrued liabilities in 2016. the decrease in accrued liabilities in 2017 is primarily due to a decrease in accrued interest attributable to the redemption of the 2023 notes in december 2017. these increases were partially offset by the increase in accounts payable for 2017 exceeding the increase in 2016 primarily due to increased purchases in 2017.
cash used in investing activities was $59.4 million and $38.3 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash used in investing activities is largely due to a $19.7 million increase in capital expenditures in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase in capital expenditures in 2017 largely related to facility improvements and the purchase of machinery and equipment to support sales growth.
cash used in financing activities was $76.0 million and $170.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. cash used in financing activities in 2017 was primarily attributable to the $379.9 million in payments of long-term debt, largely due to the extinguishment of our previously outstanding 10.75% senior unsecured notes due 2023 ("2023 notes"). in connection with the extinguishment of the 2023 notes we paid $48.7 million in debt extinguishment costs.  these payments were largely offset by $350.0 million in net borrowings under the 2022 facility. cash used in financing activities in 2016 was primarily attributable to $807.5 million in payments of long-term debt resulting from the debt transactions executed in that period. in addition, we repaid $60.0 million, net, under the 2022 facility, paid $42.9 million of debt extinguishment costs and $15.7 million in debt issuance costs. these payments were partially offset by $750.0 million in proceeds from the 2024 notes issuance.
capital expenditures capital expenditures vary depending on prevailing business factors, including current and anticipated market conditions. historically, capital expenditures have for the most part remained at relatively low levels in comparison to the operating cash flows generated during the corresponding periods. we expect our 2019 capital expenditures to be in the range of approximately $105 million to $125 million primarily related to rolling stock, equipment and facility improvements to support our operations.
31
disclosures of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018 (in thousands):
payments due by period

contractual obligations              total                     less than 1 year                   1-3 years                3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt                       $1,333,611                $4,700                                $9,400                 $188,400           $1,131,111
interest on long-term debt(1)                435,864                        78,104                  155,472                  132,799                        69,489
other finance obligations(2)                 313,837                        18,715                   36,592                   35,709                       222,821
capital lease obligations(2)                  17,418                        10,784                    6,634                        -                             -
operating leases                             310,115                        77,297                  115,437                   60,381                        57,000
total contractual cash obligations   $2,410,845                $189,600                            $323,535                 $417,289           $1,480,421
(1)   we had $179.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the 2022 facility as of december 31, 2018. borrowings under the 2022 facility bear interest at a variable rate. therefore, actual interest may differ from the amounts presented above due to interest rate changes or any future borrowing activity under the 2022 facility. the 2024 term loan also bears interest at a variable rate, therefore actual interest may differ from the amounts presented above due to interest rate changes.

(2)   future minimum commitments for other finance obligations and capital lease obligations.

the amounts reflected in the table above for operating leases represent future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year at december 31, 2018. purchase orders entered into in the ordinary course of business are excluded from the above table because they are payable within one year. amounts for which we are liable under purchase orders are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable and accrued liabilities. where it makes economic sense to do so, we plan to lease certain equipment during 2019 to support anticipated sales growth. these operating leases are not included in the table above.
other cash obligations not reflected in the balance sheet in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, commonly referred to as gaap, our operating leases are not recorded in our balance sheet. as described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, effective january 1, 2019 the company will adopt updated guidance issued by the fasb under the leases topic of the codification that will require us to recognize a lease liability in our balance sheet related to our operating lease obligations. the adoption of this guidance will have no impact to our remaining other finance obligations and capital lease obligations.
in addition to the lease obligations included in the above table, we have residual value guarantees on certain equipment leases. under these leases we have the option of (1) purchasing the equipment at the end of the lease term, (2) arranging for the sale of the equipment to a third party, or (3) returning the equipment to the lessor to sell the equipment. if the sales proceeds in either case are less than the residual value, then we are required to reimburse the lessor for the deficiency up to a specified level as stated in each lease agreement. the guarantees under these leases for the residual values of equipment at the end of the respective operating lease periods approximated $5.7 million as of december 31, 2018.
based upon the expectation that none of these leased assets will have a residual value at the end of the lease term that is materially less than the value specified in the related operating lease agreement or that we will purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term, we do not believe it is probable that we will be required to fund any amounts under the terms of these guarantee arrangements. accordingly, no accruals have been recognized for these guarantees.
in addition, the company is party to certain agreements related to its other finance obligations which commit the company to perform certain repairs and maintenance obligations under the leases in a specified manner and timeframe that generally will occur throughout the next year.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those that both are important to the accurate portrayal of a company's financial condition and results, and require subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
in order to prepare financial statements that conform to gaap, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. certain estimates are particularly sensitive due to their significance to the financial statements and the possibility that future events may be significantly different from our expectations.
32
we have identified the following accounting policy that requires us to make the most subjective or complex judgments in order to fairly present our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
goodwill. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire businesses over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed. at december 31, 2018, our goodwill balance was $740.4 million, representing 25.3% of our total assets.
we test goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or at any other time when impairment indicators exist by comparing the estimated implied value of a reporting units' goodwill to its book value. examples of such indicators that could cause us to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests include a significant change in the business climate, unexpected competition or a significant deterioration in market share. we may also consider market capitalization relative to our net assets. housing starts are a significant sales driver for us. if there is a significant decline or an expected decline in housing starts, this could adversely affect our expectations for a reporting unit and the value of that reporting unit.
the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units. our reporting units are aligned with our nine geographic regions which are also determined to be our operating segments. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if it is concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then no further testing of the goodwill is required.
however, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. this test identifies both the existence of and the amount of goodwill impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value an impairment loss is recognized in amount equal to that excess, limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
in performing our annual impairment tests at december 31, 2018, we developed a range of fair values for our reporting units using a five-year discounted cash flow methodology. inherent in such fair value determinations are estimates relating to future cash flows, including revenue growth, gross margins, operating expenses and long-term growth rates, and our interpretation of current economic indicators and market conditions and their impact on our strategic plans and operations. due to the uncertainties associated with such estimates, interpretations and assumptions, actual results could differ from projected results, which could result in impairment of goodwill being recorded.
significant information and assumptions utilized in estimating future cash flows for our reporting units includes projections of sales growth utilizing publicly available industry information such as lumber commodity prices and housing start forecasts developed by industry forecasters, including the nahb. projected gross margins and operating expenses reflect current headcount levels and cost structure and are flexed in future years based upon historical trends at various revenue levels. long-term growth was based upon terminal value earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") multiples of 5.0x for all reporting units to reflect the relevant expected acquisition price. a discount rate of 11.0% was used for all reporting units and is intended to reflect the weighted average cost of capital for a potential market participant and includes all risks of ownership and the associated risks of realizing the stream of projected future cash flows. decreasing the long-term growth to an ebitda multiple of 4.0x, or increasing the discount rate by 1.0% to 12.0%, would not have changed the results of our impairment testing.
at december 31, 2018, the fair values of each of our reporting units were substantially in excess of their respective carrying amounts. the excess (or "cushion") of the fair values over the carrying amounts of our nine reporting units ranged from $43 million to $328 million. factors that could negatively impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and potentially trigger additional impairment include, but are not limited to, unexpected competition, lower than expected housing starts, an increase in market participant weighted average cost of capital, increases in material or labor cost, and significant declines in our market capitalization. future impairment of goodwill would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in such period, but would not impact our current outstanding debt obligations or compliance with covenants contained in the related debt agreements. we did not have any goodwill impairments in 2018, 2017 or 2016.
recently issued accounting standards information regarding recent accounting pronouncements is discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
33
