item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k or incorporated by reference herein. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the material risk factors affecting our company. however, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients.
mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. in addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
17
a large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry.
in fiscal year 2018, we derived approximately 21% of our consolidated revenues from our five largest clients and approximately 55% of the revenues of our global technology and operations segment from the 15 largest clients in that segment. our largest single client accounted for approximately 6% of our consolidated revenues. while these clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of these clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or non-renewal of contracts could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. also, in the event a client experiences financial difficulties or bankruptcy resulting in a reduction in their demand for our services or loss of the client's business, in addition to losing the revenue from that client, the company would be required to write-off any investments made by the company in connection with that client, including costs incurred to set up or convert a client's systems to function with our technology. such costs for all clients represented approximately 6% of the company's total assets as of june 30, 2018.
under a number of our contracts, our clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to renew their contracts or engage one of our competitors to provide services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates with favorable terms, particularly with these clients, our revenues from such renewals and the associated earnings could be negatively impacted.
security breaches or cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect our ability to operate, could result in personal, confidential or proprietary information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation.
we process and transfer sensitive data, including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies, mutual funds, and healthcare providers. we also handle personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. we maintain systems and procedures including encryption, authentication technology, data loss prevention technology, entitlement management, access control and anti-malware software, and transmission of data over private networks to protect against unauthorized access to physical and electronic information, including by cyber-attacks.
in certain circumstances, our third party vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information. it is also possible that a third party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data including personal information. we require our third party vendors to have appropriate security controls if they have access to the personal information of our clients' customers. however, despite those safeguards, it is possible that unauthorized individuals could improperly access our systems or those of our vendors, or improperly obtain or disclose the sensitive data including personal information that we or our vendors process or handle.
many of our services are provided through the internet which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity attacks. we have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and have experienced cyber-attacks, attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents. such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our ability to provide reliable service, as well as negatively impact our results of operations materially. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
any security breach resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of certain personal information could put individuals at risk of identity theft and financial or other harm and result in costs to the company in investigation, remediation, legal defense and in liability to parties who are financially harmed. we may incur significant costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. for example, laws may require notification to regulators, clients or employees and enlisting credit monitoring or identity theft protection in the event of a privacy breach. a cybersecurity attack could also be directed at our systems and result in interruptions in our operations or delivery of services to our clients and their customers. furthermore, a material security breach could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or cause damage to our reputation.
18
our clients are subject to complex laws and regulations, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations could impact our clients and, in turn, adversely impact our business or may reduce our profitability.
we provide technology solutions to financial services firms that are generally subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions. as a provider of services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our services are provided in a manner designed to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. therefore, our services, including our proxy processing and customer communications services, are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations governing the financial services industry and the securities markets. in addition, we perform services for clients in the healthcare, insurance and telecommunications industries, which are also highly regulated.
changes in laws and regulations may impact our clients in a way that could adversely affect us. for example, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, or cease or curtail their operations, all of which could adversely impact our business. also, changes in regulations could change the quantity or format of, or eliminate the need for, certain types of communications and our related services. further, an adverse regulatory action that changes a client's business or adversely affects its financial condition, could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for, our products and services. the loss of business from our larger clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we do not comply with legal and regulatory requirements that apply to our services or businesses, and new laws or regulations and/or changes to existing laws or regulations to which we are subject may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or may reduce our profitability.
the legislative and regulatory environment of the financial services industry is continuously changing. the sec, finra, various stock exchanges, and other u.s. and foreign governmental or regulatory authorities continuously review legislative and regulatory initiatives and may adopt new or revised laws and regulations. these legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect the way in which we conduct our business and may make our business less profitable. also, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by those entities may adversely affect our business.
as a provider of technology services to financial institutions, certain aspects of our u.s. operations are subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the ffiec. periodic examinations by the ffiec generally include areas such as data privacy, disaster recovery, information security, and third party vendor management to identify potential risks related to our services that could adversely affect our banking and financial services clients. a sufficiently unfavorable review from the ffiec could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, our business process outsourcing, mutual fund processing and transfer agency solutions as well as the entities providing those services are subject to regulatory oversight. our provision of these services must comply with applicable rules and regulations of the sec, finra, dol and various stock exchanges, and other regulatory bodies charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities markets and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors participating in these markets. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations in performing those services, we could lose our clients, be subject to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, censures and fines, our reputation could be harmed and we could be limited in our ability to obtain new clients.
our business process outsourcing and mutual fund processing services are performed by bbpo, an sec registered broker-dealer and a member of finra. bbpo is subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its business, including trade practices, capital requirements, record retention, money laundering prevention, the protection of customer funds and customer securities, and the supervision of the conduct of directors, officers and employees. a failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in censures, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, or the suspension or revocation of sec or finra authorization granted to allow the operation of its business or disqualification of its directors, officers or employees. our transfer agency business is subject to sec, nyse, and other federal and state laws and regulations.
our ability to comply with these regulations depends largely upon the maintenance of an effective compliance system which can be time consuming and costly, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel.
as a provider of data and business processing solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of sensitive data, including personal information, related to our clients, customers of our clients, and our employees. we are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy and information security laws, including in the u.s., the gramm-leach-bliley act and the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996. there has been increased public attention regarding the use of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data
19
protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. the law in these areas continues to develop, the number of jurisdictions adopting such laws continues to increase and these laws may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. furthermore, the changing nature of privacy laws in the u.s., the european union and elsewhere could impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. the gdpr that came into effect in the european union in may 2018 may cause the company to incur additional compliance costs. while we believe that broadridge is compliant with its regulatory responsibilities, information security threats continue to evolve resulting in increased risk and exposure and increased costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches.
our revenues may decrease due to declines in the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets.
we generate significant revenues from the transaction processing fees we earn from our services. these revenue sources are substantially dependent on the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients and our clients' customer trading volumes reflect the levels of participation and activity in the markets, which are impacted by market prices, and the liquidity of the securities markets, among other factors. over the past several years, the u.s. and foreign securities markets have experienced significant volatility. sudden sharp or gradual but sustained declines in market participation and activity can result in reduced investor communications activity, including reduced proxy and event-driven communications processing such as mutual fund proxy, mergers and acquisitions and other special corporate event communications processing, and reduced trading volumes. the occurrence of any of these events would likely result in reduced revenues and decreased profitability from our business operations.
we may be adversely impacted by a failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions.
we rely on relationships with third parties, including our service providers and other vendors for certain functions. if we are unable to effectively manage our third party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party vendors operate, our financial results or reputation could suffer. failure by these third parties to adequately perform their services in a timely and accurate manner could result in material interruptions in our operations and impact our services.
certain of the company's businesses rely on a single or a limited number of service providers or vendors. changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these service providers or vendors could impact their provision of services to us or they may no longer be able to provide services to us at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we cannot be certain that we could replace our key third-party vendors in a timely manner or on terms commercially reasonable to us given, among other reasons, the scope of responsibilities undertaken by some of our providers, the depth of their experience and their familiarity with our operations generally. if we change a significant vendor, an existing provider makes significant changes to the way it conducts its operations, or is acquired, or we seek to bring in house certain services performed today by third parties, we may experience unexpected disruptions in the provision of our solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
furthermore, certain third party services providers or vendors may have access to sensitive data including personal information, valuable intellectual property and other proprietary or confidential data provided to us by our clients. it is possible that a third party vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose sensitive data including personal information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
20
we rely on the united states postal service ("usps") and other third party carriers to deliver communications and changes in our relationships with these carriers or an increase in postal rates or shipping costs may adversely impact demand for our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we rely upon the usps and third party carriers, including fedex and ups, for timely delivery of communications on behalf of our clients. as a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions due to factors that are beyond our control, including employee strikes, inclement weather and increased fuel costs. any failure to deliver communications to our clients in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose clients. in addition, the usps has incurred significant financial losses in recent years and may, as a result, implement significant changes to the breadth or frequency of its mail delivery. if our relationship with any of these third party carriers is terminated or impaired, or if any of these third parties are unable to distribute communications, we would be required to use alternative, and possibly more expensive, carriers to complete our distributions on behalf of our clients. we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, if at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, future increases in postal rates or shipping costs, as well as changes in customer preferences, may result in decreased demand for our traditional printed and mailed communications resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the event of a disaster, our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.
our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe, natural disaster, or severe weather including events resulting from unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events and we test our plans regularly. in addition, our data center services provider also has disaster recovery plans and procedures in place. however, we cannot be certain that our plans, or those of our data center services provider, will be successful in the event of a disaster. if our disaster recovery or business continuity plans are unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
any slowdown or failure of our computer or communications systems could impact our ability to provide services to our clients and support our internal operations, and could subject us to liability for losses suffered by our clients or their customers.
our services depend on our ability to store, retrieve, process, and manage significant databases, and to receive and process transactions and investor communications through a variety of electronic systems. our systems, those of our data center services provider, or any other systems with which ours interact could slow down significantly or fail for a variety of reasons, including:
•   computer viruses or undetected errors in internal software programs or computer systems;
•   direct or indirect hacking or denial of service cybersecurity attacks;
•   inability to rapidly monitor all system activity;
•   inability to effectively resolve any errors in internal software programs or computer systems once they are detected;
•   heavy stress placed on systems during peak times; or
•   power or telecommunications failure, fire, flood or any other disaster.
while we monitor system loads and performance and implement system upgrades to handle predicted increases in trading volume and volatility, we may not be able to predict future volume increases or volatility accurately or that our systems and those of our data center services provider will be able to accommodate these volume increases or volatility without failure or degradation. in addition, we may not be able to prevent cybersecurity attacks on our systems. moreover, because we have outsourced our data center operations, the operation and performance of the data center involve factors beyond our control. any significant degradation or failure of our computer systems, communications systems or any other systems in the performance of our services could cause our clients or their customers to suffer delays in their receipt of our services. these delays could cause substantial losses for our clients or their customers, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
21
operational errors in the performance of our services could lead to liability for claims, client loss and result in reputational damage.
the failure to properly perform our services could result in our clients and/or certain of our subsidiaries being subjected to losses including censures, fines, or other sanctions by applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
general economic and political conditions and broad trends in business and finance that are beyond our control may contribute to reduced levels of activity in the securities markets, which could result in lower revenues from our business operations.
the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients, the level of investor communications activity we process on behalf of our clients, trading volumes, market prices, and liquidity of the securities markets are affected by general national and international economic and political conditions, and broad trends in business and finance that result in changes in participation and activity in the securities markets. these factors include:
•   economic, political and market conditions;
•   legislative and regulatory changes;
•   the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   currency values and inflation; and
•   national, state, and local taxation levels affecting securities transactions.
these factors are beyond our control and may contribute to reduced levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. our revenues have historically been largely driven by transaction processing based on levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. accordingly, any significant reduction in participation and activity in the securities markets would likely result in lower revenues from our business operations.
if the operational systems and infrastructure that we depend on fail to keep pace with our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, client dissatisfaction and lost revenue opportunities.
the growth of our business and expansion of our client base may place a strain on our management and operations. we believe that our current and anticipated future growth will require the implementation of new and enhanced communications and information systems, the training of personnel to operate these systems, and the expansion and upgrade of core technologies. while many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional growth without redesign or replacement, we may nevertheless need to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate growth. in addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to predict the timing or rate of this growth accurately or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure on a timely basis.
our growth has required and will continue to require increased investments in management personnel and systems, financial systems and controls, and office facilities. we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage or continue to manage our future growth successfully. if we fail to manage our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, dissatisfaction among our client base, and lost revenue opportunities.
if we are unable to respond to the demands of our existing and new clients, or adapt to technological changes or advances, our business and future growth could be impacted.
the global financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex and integrated infrastructures and products, new and changing business models and rapid technological and regulatory changes. our clients' needs and demands for our products and services evolve with these changes. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to our clients' demands for new services, capabilities and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis. we also need to adapt to technological advancements such as digital and distributed ledger or blockchain technologies and cloud computing and keep pace with changing regulatory standards to address our clients' increasingly sophisticated requirements.
22
in addition, we run the risk of disintermediation due to emerging technologies, including distributed ledger or blockchain technologies. if we fail to adapt or keep pace with new technologies in a timely manner, it could harm our ability to compete, decrease the value of our products and services to our clients, and harm our business and impact our future growth.
intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability.
the markets for our products and services continue to evolve and are highly competitive. we compete with a number of firms that provide similar products and services. in addition, our securities processing solutions compete with our clients' in-house capabilities to perform competitive functions. our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and client requirements and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to clients and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we will be able to offer or adopt. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies, including international providers of similar products and services to ours. there can be no assurances that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors. if we fail to compete effectively, our market share could decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed.
our business, financial position, and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies.
if the credit ratings of our outstanding indebtedness are downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. a downgrade would have the effect of increasing our borrowing costs, and could decrease the availability of funds we are able to borrow, adversely affecting our business, financial position, and results of operations. in addition, a downgrade could adversely affect our relationships with our clients. for further information with respect to our borrowing costs, see note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel.
our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel such as our senior management and other qualified personnel to conduct our business. the market for such experienced senior managers and other qualified personnel is extremely competitive. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required key personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
the inability to identify, obtain and retain important intellectual property rights to technology could harm our business.
our success depends in part upon the development, licensing, and acquisition of systems and applications to conduct our business. our success will increasingly depend in part on our ability to identify, obtain and retain intellectual property rights to technology, both for internal use as well as for use in providing services to our clients, through internal development, acquisition, licensing from others, or alliances with others. our inability to identify, obtain and retain rights to certain technology on favorable terms and conditions would make it difficult to conduct business, or to timely introduce new and innovative products and services, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our products and services, and the products and services provided to us by third parties, may infringe upon intellectual property rights of third parties, and any infringement claims could require us to incur substantial costs, distract our management, or prevent us from conducting our business.
although we attempt to avoid infringing upon known proprietary rights of third parties, we are subject to the risk of claims alleging infringement of third party proprietary rights. if in response to a third party infringement allegation, we were to determine that we require a license to such third party's proprietary rights, then we may be unable to obtain such license on commercially reasonable terms. additionally, third parties that provide us with products or services that are integral to the conduct of our business may also be subject to similar infringement allegations from others, which could prevent such third parties from continuing to provide these products or services to us. in either of these events, we may need to undertake substantial reengineering of our products or services in order to continue offering them, and we may not succeed in doing so. in addition, any claim of infringement could cause us to incur substantial costs defending such claim, even if the claim is baseless, and could distract our management from our business. furthermore, a party asserting such an infringement claim could secure a judgment against us that requires us to pay substantial damages, grants such party injunctive relief, or grants other court ordered remedies that could prevent us from conducting our business.
23
acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results.
as part of our overall business strategy, we may make acquisitions and strategic investments in companies, technologies or products, or enter joint ventures. these transactions and the integration of acquisitions involve a number of risks. the core risks are in the areas of:
•   valuation: finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors, and negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence reviews;
•   integration: managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, products, technology, and other assets, and converting their financial, information security, privacy and other systems and controls to meet our standards, so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition; and
•   legacy issues: protecting against actions, claims, regulatory investigations, losses, and other liabilities related to the predecessor business.
also, the process of integrating these businesses may disrupt our business and divert our resources. these risks may arise for a number of reasons including, for example:
•   finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
•   competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors;
•   incurring unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with such acquisitions;
•   devoting unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business;
•   borrowing money from lenders or selling equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions on terms that may be adverse to us;
•   loss of clients of the acquired business;
•   entering markets where we have minimal prior experience; and
•   experiencing decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
in addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:
•   geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities;
•   integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
•   complying with non-u.s. regulatory requirements;
•   enforcing intellectual property rights in some non-u.s. countries; and
•   general economic and political conditions.
we may incur non-cash goodwill impairment charges in the future.
as a result of past acquisitions, we carry a significant goodwill balance on our balance sheet. goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, together accounted for approximately 53% of the total assets on our balance sheet as of june 30, 2018. we expect to engage in additional acquisitions, which may result in our recognition of additional intangible assets and goodwill. we test goodwill for impairment annually as of march 31st and at other times if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying value of goodwill may no longer be recoverable. although no indications of a goodwill impairment have been identified, there can be no assurance that we will not incur impairment charges in the future, particularly in the event of a prolonged economic slowdown. a significant non-cash goodwill impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
24
we operate internationally and our operations could be adversely impacted by local legal, economic, political and other conditions.
a portion of our revenue is generated outside the u.s. and in recent years, we have expanded our operations, entered strategic alliances, and acquired businesses outside the u.s. also, our business is highly dependent on the global financial services industry and exchanges and market centers around the world. compliance with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our international operations could cause us to incur higher than anticipated costs, and inadequate enforcement of laws or policies such as those protecting intellectual property, could affect our business and the company's overall results of operations. our operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries, particularly in those with developing economies, and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation and currency fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and non-u.s. currencies. in addition, our operations and our ability to deliver our services to our clients could be adversely impacted if there is instability, disruption or destruction in certain geographic regions including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, wars, terrorist activities, or any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic or other local or global health issue.
certain of our services may be exposed to risk from our counterparties and third parties.
our mutual fund and exchange traded fund processing services and our transfer agency services involve the settlement of transactions on behalf of our clients and third parties. with these activities, we may be exposed to risk in the event our clients, or broker-dealers, banks, clearing organizations, or depositories are unable to fulfill contractual obligations. failure to settle a transaction may affect our ability to conduct these services or may reduce their profitability as a result of the reputational risk associated with failure to settle.
our revenues are subject to seasonal variations because we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports in our third and fourth fiscal quarters.
processing and distributing proxy materials and annual reports to investors in equity securities and mutual funds comprises a large portion of our investor communication solutions business. we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports during our third and fourth fiscal quarters. the recurring periodic activity of this business is linked to significant filing deadlines imposed by law on public reporting companies. historically, this has caused our revenues, operating income, net earnings, and cash flows from operating activities to be higher in our fourth fiscal quarter than in any other fiscal quarter. beginning in fiscal year 2019, the company will adopt asu 2014-09 resulting in the majority of our revenues from equity proxy services being recognized in the third and fourth quarters. notwithstanding the impact of asu 2014-09, the seasonality of our revenues makes it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific fiscal quarter and could affect an investor's ability to compare our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows on a fiscal quarter-by-quarter basis.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. certain information contained in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from the results discussed in this item 7 because of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere herein. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
description of the company and business segments broadridge, a delaware corporation and a member of the s&p 500, is a global financial technology leader providing investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, asset managers and corporate issuers. our services include investor and customer communications, securities processing, and data and analytics solutions. in short, we provide important infrastructure that powers the financial services industry. with over 50 years of experience, including over 10 years as an independent public company, we provide financial services firms with advanced, dependable, scalable and cost-effective integrated systems. our systems help reduce the need for clients to make significant capital investments in operations infrastructure, thereby allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities.
our businesses operate in two reportable segments: investor communication solutions and global technology and operations. we serve a large and diverse client base across four client groups: capital markets, asset management, wealth management and corporations.
investor communication solutions we offer the following governance and communications solutions through this segment: bank/broker-dealer investor communication solutions, customer communication solutions, corporate issuer solutions, advisor solutions and mutual fund and retirement solutions.
a large portion of our investor communication solutions business involves the processing and distribution of proxy materials to investors in equity securities and mutual funds, as well as the facilitation of related vote processing. proxyedge, our innovative electronic proxy delivery and voting solution for institutional investors and financial advisors, helps ensure the voting participation of the largest stockholders of many companies. in addition, we provide corporations with registered proxy services as well as registrar, stock transfer and record-keeping services. we also provide the distribution of regulatory reports and corporate action/reorganization event information, as well as tax reporting solutions that help our clients meet their regulatory compliance needs.
we provide customer communication solutions to companies in the financial services, healthcare, insurance, consumer finance, telecommunications, utilities, retail banking and other service industries. the broadridge communications cloud, launched in 2016, provides multi-channel communications delivery, communications management, information management and control and administration capabilities that enable and enhance our clients' communications with their customers. we process and distribute our clients' essential communications including transactional (e.g., bills and statements), regulatory (e.g., explanations of benefits, notices, and trade confirmations) and marketing (e.g., direct mail) communications through print and digital channels.
our advisor solutions enable firms, financial advisors, wealth managers, and insurance agents to better engage with customers through cloud-based marketing and customer communication tools. our marketing ecosystem integrates data, content and technology to drive new client acquisition and cross-sell opportunities through the creation of sales and educational content, including seminars as well as customizable advisor websites, search engine marketing and electronic and print newsletters. our advisor solutions also help advisors optimize their practice management through customer and account data aggregation and reporting.
we provide asset managers and retirement service providers with data-driven solutions that help our clients grow revenue, operate efficiently, and maintain compliance. our communications solutions provide an end-to-end platform for content management, composition, and multi-channel distribution of regulatory, marketing, and transactional information. our data and analytics solutions provide investment product distribution data, analytical tools, insights, and research to enable asset managers to optimize product distribution across retail and institutional channels globally. we also provide mutual fund trade processing services for retirement providers, third party administrators, financial advisors, banks and wealth management professionals through our subsidiary, matrix financial solutions, inc. ("matrix").
global technology and operations we are a leading global provider of middle- and back-office securities processing solutions for capital markets, wealth management, and asset management firms. we offer advanced solutions that automate the securities transaction lifecycle, from desktop productivity tools, data aggregation, performance reporting, and portfolio management to order capture and execution, trade confirmation, margin, cash management, clearance and settlement, asset servicing, reference data management, reconciliations, securities financing and collateral optimization, compliance and regulatory reporting, and accounting.
our services help financial institutions efficiently and cost-effectively consolidate their books and records, gather and service assets under management and manage risk, thereby enabling them to focus on their core business activities. provided on a software as a service ("saas") basis within large user communities, our technology is a global solution. our multi-asset, multi-market, multi-entity and multi-currency solutions support real-time global trade processing of equity, fixed income, mutual fund, foreign exchange, and exchange traded derivatives in established and emerging markets.
we also provide business process outsourcing services known as managed services that support the operations of our buy- and sell-side clients' businesses. these services combine our technology with our operations expertise to support the entire trade lifecycle, including securities clearing and settlement, reconciliations, record-keeping, asset servicing, reference data management, regulatory and performance reporting, tax and cost basis services, revenue and trade expense management and portfolio accounting.
acquisitions assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheets as of the respective acquisition date based upon the estimated fair values at such date. the results of operations of the business acquired by the company are included in the company's consolidated statements of earnings since the respective date of acquisition. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed is allocated to goodwill.
fiscal year 2018 acquisitions:
business combinations summit in october 2017, the company completed the acquisition of summit financial disclosure, llc ("summit"), a full service financial document management solutions provider, including document composition and regulatory filing services. the aggregate purchase price was $30.6 million in cash, consisting of $26.4 million in cash payments net of cash acquired, a $1.4 million note payable to the sellers that will be settled in the future, and a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $2.7 million.
activepath in march 2018, the company completed the acquisition of activepath solutions ltd ("activepath"), a digital technology company with technology that enhances the consumer experience associated with consumer statements, bills and regulatory communications. the aggregate purchase price was $24.2 million, consisting of $21.8 million in cash payments net of cash acquired, and a $2.4 million note payable to the sellers that will be settled in the future.
fundassist in may 2018, the company completed the acquisition of fundassist limited ("fundassist"), a regulatory, marketing and sales solutions service provider to the global investments industry. the aggregate purchase price was $47.0 million, consisting of $40.6 million in cash payments net of cash acquired, and a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $6.4 million.
29
asset acquisition purchase of intellectual property in february 2018, the company paid $40.0 million to an affiliate of inveshare, inc. ("inveshare") for the delivery of blockchain technology applications, as contemplated as part of the company's acquisition of intellectual property assets from inveshare.
fiscal year 2017 acquisitions:
business combinations nacc in july 2016, the company's investor communication solutions segment acquired the net assets of the north american customer communications ("nacc") business of dst systems, inc., a leading provider of customer communication services including print and digital communication solutions, content management, postal optimization, and fulfillment. the nacc business is part of our customer communications business and is known as broadridge customer communications. the aggregate purchase price was $410.0 million in cash, or $406.2 million net of cash acquired and other closing adjustments.
m&o in november 2016, the company's global technology and operations segment acquired m&o systems, inc. ("m&o"). m&o is a provider of saas-based compensation management and related solutions for broker-dealers and registered investment advisors, and is now known as broadridge advisor compensation solutions. the aggregate purchase price was $24.9 million in cash, consisting of $22.4 million of cash payments net of cash acquired as well as a $2.5 million note payable to the sellers that was settled in fiscal year 2018.
mal in march 2017, the company's global technology and operations segment acquired message automation limited ("mal"), which is a specialist provider of post-trade control solutions for sell-side and buy-side firms. the company previously owned 25% of mal through its acquisition of city networks ltd in fiscal year 2010, and purchased the remaining 75% of the company for an aggregate purchase price of $24.8 million in cash, consisting of $20.1 million of cash payments net of cash acquired, a $3.2 million note payable to the sellers that will be settled in the future, and a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $1.4 million. the fair value of the company's 25% pre-existing investment in mal was determined to be $9.6 million, implied by the aggregate purchase price of the remaining 75% purchased, which resulted in a non-cash, nontaxable gain on investment of $9.3 million ("mal investment gain"), included as part of other non-operating (income) expenses, net.
asset acquisition purchase of intellectual property in september 2016, the company's investor communication solutions segment acquired intellectual property assets from inveshare and concurrently entered into a development agreement with an affiliate of inveshare to use these assets to develop blockchain technology applications for broadridge's proxy business. the purchase price was $95.0 million, which consisted of a $90.0 million cash payment upon closing of the acquisition and a $5.0 million obligation payable which the company paid in september 2017.
fiscal year 2016 acquisitions:
qed in november 2015, the company's investor communication solutions segment acquired qed financial systems, inc. ("qed"), a provider of investment accounting solutions that serves public sector institutional investors. the aggregate purchase price was $15.5 million, consisting of $13.3 million of cash payments, a $1.5 million note payable to the sellers that was settled in fiscal year 2017, as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $0.7 million.
30
4sight financial in june 2016, the company's global technology and operations segment acquired 4sight financial software limited ("4sight"), a global provider of securities financing and collateral management systems to financial institutions. the aggregate purchase price was $39.6 million, consisting of $36.0 million of cash payments, as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $3.6 million.
basis of presentation the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") in the united states of america ("u.s."). these financial statements present the consolidated position of the company and include the entities in which the company directly or indirectly has a controlling financial interest as well as various entities in which the company has investments recorded under either the cost or equity methods of accounting. intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. amounts presented may not sum due to rounding.
in presenting the consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. management continually evaluates the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates made by management. in management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results reported. the results of operations reported for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for subsequent periods.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, we adopted asu no. 2016-09 "improvements to employee share-based payment accounting" ("asu no. 2016-09"). asu no. 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including presenting the excess tax benefits or deficits from the exercise or vesting of share-based payments in the income statement, classifying the excess tax benefits or deficits as an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows rather than as a financing activity, a revision to the criteria for classifying an award as equity or liability and an option to recognize gross stock-based compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur. in addition, asu no. 2016-09 eliminates the excess tax benefits from the assumed proceeds calculation under the treasury stock method for purposes of calculating diluted shares. as a result of this adoption, we recorded excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation awards of $40.9 million during the twelve months ended june 30, 2018 in the income tax provision on a prospective basis, whereas such benefits would previously have been recognized in equity. we also excluded the excess tax benefits from the assumed proceeds available to repurchase shares in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the twelve months ended june 30, 2018. we have not adjusted prior periods presented for the change in accounting for excess tax benefits in the consolidated financial statements. we also elected to apply the change in presentation of excess tax benefits in the consolidated statement of cash flows prospectively, and as a result, excess tax benefits are classified as operating activities when realized through reductions to subsequent tax payments. this adoption resulted in an increase to net cash provided by operating activities and a corresponding decrease to net cash provided by financing activities of $40.9 million for the twelve months ended june 30, 2018. we have not adjusted prior periods presented for the change in classification of excess tax benefits on the consolidated statement of cash flows. we also elected to continue our current practice of estimating expected forfeitures as permitted by asu no. 2016-09.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, we adopted asu no. 2015-17 "balance sheet classification of deferred taxes" ("asu no. 2015-07") on a prospective basis to all deferred tax liabilities and assets. the amendments in asu no. 2015-17 require entities that present a classified balance sheet to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as a noncurrent amount. our fiscal year 2017 consolidated balance sheet has not been retrospectively adjusted for the adoption of asu no. 2015-17.
critical accounting policies we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below.
goodwill. we review the carrying value of all our goodwill by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair values. we are required to perform this comparison at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible
31
impairment. when determining fair value of a reporting unit, we utilize the income approach which considers future cash flows using various assumptions, including projections of revenues based on assumed long-term growth rates, estimated costs and appropriate discount rates based on the particular reporting unit's weighted-average cost of capital. the principal factors used in the discounted cash flow analysis requiring judgment are the projected future operating cash flows, the weighted-average cost of capital and the terminal value growth rate assumptions. the weighted-average cost of capital takes into account the relative weight of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and long-term debt). our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates and a variety of external sources, and are developed as part of our routine, long-range planning process. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. we had $1,254.9 million of goodwill as of june 30, 2018. given the significance of our goodwill, an adverse change to the fair value of one of our reporting units could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our earnings.
the company performs a sensitivity analysis under step 1 of the goodwill impairment test assuming hypothetical reductions in the fair values of our reporting units. a 10% change in our estimates of projected future operating cash flows, discount rates, or terminal value growth rates used in our calculations of the fair values of the reporting units would not result in an impairment of our goodwill.
income taxes. the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). the company is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the u.s. federal, state and foreign tax authorities. a change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. the company has estimated foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $15.2 million as of june 30, 2018 of which $2.2 million are subject to expiration in the 2019 through 2027 period. the remaining $13.0 million of carryforwards has an indefinite utilization period. in addition, the company has estimated u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $22.5 million which can be utilized through 2030 and a $1.1 million capital loss carryforward which will expire 2023. since the u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards result from tax losses recognized prior to december 31, 2017, they are not subject to the new provision in the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") which provides for an indefinite carryforward period for net operating losses.
valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the company will not be able to utilize the deferred tax assets attributable to net operating and capital loss carryforwards of certain subsidiaries to offset future taxable earnings. the company has recorded valuation allowances of $3.8 million and $9.3 million at june 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the determination as to whether a deferred tax asset will be recognized is made on a jurisdictional basis and is based on the evaluation of historical taxable income or loss, projected future taxable income, carryforward periods, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. projected future taxable income is based on expected results and assumptions as to the jurisdiction in which the income will be earned. the assumptions used to project future taxable income requires significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying businesses.
on december 22, 2017, the tax act was enacted. the estimated incremental income tax expense related to the tax act reflects assumptions based upon our interpretation of the tax act. the calculation of the estimated incremental income tax expense is based upon various estimates and assumptions and may be impacted by additional considerations, including, but not limited to, the final computation of 2017 and 2018 earnings and profits and tax pools of non-u.s. subsidiaries as of the relevant measurement dates. the ultimate impact of the tax act may differ from our estimates due to changes in our assumptions, additional regulatory clarification and guidance that may be issued, as well as the amount of our earnings before income taxes.
share-based payments. accounting for stock-based compensation requires the measurement of stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. we determine the fair value of stock options issued by using a binomial option-pricing model. the binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate and employee exercise behavior. expected volatilities utilized in the binomial option-pricing model are based on a combination of implied market volatilities, historical volatility of our stock price and other factors. similarly, the dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future changes. the risk-free rate is derived from the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. the binomial option-pricing model also incorporates exercise and forfeiture assumptions based on an analysis of historical data. the expected life of the stock option grants is derived from the output of the binomial model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. determining these assumptions are subjective and complex, and therefore, a change in the assumptions utilized could impact the calculation of the fair value of our stock options. a hypothetical change of five percentage points applied to the volatility
32
assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2018 stock option grants would result in approximately a $4.2 million change in total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2018 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one year in the expected life assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2018 stock option grants would result in approximately a $1.7 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2018 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one percentage point in the forfeiture rate assumption used for the fiscal year 2018 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.2 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2018 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical one-half percentage point change in the dividend yield assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2018 stock option grants would result in approximately a $1.9 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2018 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period.
results of operations the following discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments refer to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, and the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the analysis of consolidated statements of earnings should be read in conjunction with the analysis of reportable segments, which provides more detailed discussions concerning certain components of the consolidated statements of earnings.
the following references are utilized in the discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments:
"amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property" and "acquisition and integration costs" represent certain non-cash amortization expenses associated with acquired intangible assets and purchased intellectual property assets, as well as certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities, respectively.
"mal investment gain" represents a non-cash, nontaxable gain on investment from the company's acquisition of mal in march 2017.
"gain on sale of securities" represents a non-operating gain on the sale of securities associated with our retirement plan obligations.
"tax act items" represent a u.s. federal transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes with respect to the earnings deemed repatriated for u.s. tax purposes, and certain benefits related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities attributable to the recording of the impact from the tax act, which was enacted into law on december 22, 2017.
"net new business" refers to recurring revenue from closed sales less recurring revenue from client losses.
the following definitions describe the company's revenues:
fee revenues in the investor communication solutions segment are derived from both recurring and event-driven activity. in addition, the level of recurring and event-driven activity we process directly impacts distribution revenues. while event-driven activity is highly repeatable, it may not recur on an annual basis. the types of services we provide that comprise event-driven activity are:
•   mutual fund proxy: the proxy and related services we provide to mutual funds when certain events occur requiring a shareholder vote including changes in directors, sub-advisors, fee structures, investment restrictions, and mergers of funds.
•   mutual fund communications: mutual fund communications services consist primarily of the distribution on behalf of mutual funds of supplemental information required to be provided to the annual mutual fund prospectus as a result of certain triggering events such as a change in portfolio managers. in addition, mutual fund communications consist of notices and marketing materials such as newsletters.
•   proxy contests and specials, corporate actions, and other: the proxy services we provide in connection with shareholder meetings driven by special events such as proxy contests, mergers and acquisitions, and tender/exchange offers.
event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations
33
in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast.
generally, mutual fund proxy activity has been subject to a greater level of volatility than the other components of event-driven activity. during fiscal year 2018, mutual fund proxy fee revenues were 28% higher than the prior fiscal year while during fiscal years 2017 and 2016, mutual fund proxy revenues were 19% higher and 22% lower than the prior fiscal year, respectively. although it is difficult to forecast the levels of event-driven activity, we expect that the portion of fee revenues derived from mutual fund proxy activity may continue to experience volatility in the future.
distribution revenues primarily include revenues related to the physical mailing of proxy materials, interim communications, transaction reporting, customer communications and fulfillment services as well as matrix administrative services.
distribution cost of revenues consists primarily of postage-related expenses incurred in connection with our investor communication solutions segment, as well as matrix administrative services expenses. these costs are reflected in cost of revenues.
closed sales represent an estimate of the expected annual recurring fee revenue for new client contracts that were signed by broadridge in the current reporting period. closed sales does not include event-driven or distribution activity. we consider contract terms, expected client volumes or activity, knowledge of the marketplace and experience with our clients, among other factors, when determining the estimate. management uses closed sales to measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs, as an indicator of expected future revenues and as a performance metric in determining incentive compensation.
closed sales is not a measure of financial performance under gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for revenue or other income statement data prepared in accordance with gaap. closed sales is a useful metric for investors in understanding how management measures and evaluates our ongoing operational performance.
the inherent variability of transaction volumes and activity levels can result in some variability of amounts reported as actual achieved closed sales. for fiscal years prior to fiscal year 2017, we tracked actual revenues achieved during the first year that the client contract was fully implemented and compared this to the previously reported closed sales amount, this process was used to calibrate metrics used in incentive compensation and will be used to estimate future allowance adjustments. larger closed sales can take up to 12 to 24 months or longer to convert to revenues, particularly for the services provided by our global technology and operations segment.
beginning in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, we reported closed sales net of a 3.5% allowance adjustment, in lieu of our previous practice of adjusting for actual performance in subsequent periods. for fiscal year 2018, we are reporting closed sales net of a 4.0% allowance adjustment. consequently, our reported closed sales amounts are not adjusted for actual revenues achieved because these adjustments are estimated in the period the sale is reported. we assess the allowance amount at the end of each fiscal year to establish the appropriate allowance for the subsequent year using trailing five years actual data as the starting point, normalized for outlying factors, if any, to enhance the accuracy of the allowance.
for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, closed sales, which includes contributions from nacc beginning in fiscal year 2017, were $214.9 million, $188.5 million and $150.9 million, respectively. the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, are net of an allowance adjustment of $9.0 million and $6.8 million, respectively.
34
analysis of consolidated statements of earnings fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2018                                                                               2017                                       change
($)                     (%)
(in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                          $4,329.9                $4,142.6                $187.3                5
cost of revenues                                   3,169.6                 3,109.6                  60.0                2
selling, general and administrative expenses         565.4                   501.4                  64.0               13
total operating expenses                           3,735.0                 3,611.0                 124.0                3
operating income                                     594.9                   531.6                  63.3               12
margin                                                13.7    %               12.8    %                               0.9        pts interest expense, net                                 38.6                    42.7                  (4.1    )         (10    )
other non-operating (income) expenses, net            (4.7    )                0.8                  (5.5    )          nm earnings before income taxes                         561.0                   488.1                  72.9               15
provision for income taxes                           133.1                   161.4                 (28.3    )         (18    )
effective tax rate                                    23.7    %               33.1    %                              (9.4    )   pts net earnings                                        $427.9                  $326.8                $101.2               31
basic earnings per share                             $3.66                   $2.77                 $0.89               32
diluted earnings per share                           $3.56                   $2.70                 $0.86               32
nm - not meaningful revenues. revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $4,329.9 million, an increase of $187.3 million, or 5%, compared to $4,142.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the $187.3 million increase was driven by higher recurring fee revenues of $159.2 million, or 6%, and higher event-driven fee revenues of $65.0 million, or 30%, partially offset by lower distribution revenues of $41.0 million, or 3%. the higher recurring fee revenues of $159.2 million reflected: gains from net new business (3pts), internal growth (2pts) and contributions from our recent acquisitions (1pt). the higher event-driven fee revenues were primarily from increased equity proxy contests and mutual fund proxy activity. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted revenues by $4.2 million.
total operating expenses. total operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $3,735.0 million, an increase of $124.0 million, or 3%, compared to $3,611.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. cost of revenues increased $60.0 million, or 2%, and selling, general and administrative expenses increased $64.0 million, or 13%.
cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $3,169.6 million, an increase of $60.0 million, or 2%, compared to $3,109.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the increase primarily reflects higher proxy fulfillment expenses, higher operating costs from acquisitions, and higher depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by lower distribution cost of revenues driven by the decrease in distribution revenues. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased cost of revenues by $5.7 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $565.4 million, an increase of $64.0 million, or 13%, compared to $501.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher spending on growth initiatives, higher selling and administrative expenses related in part to our record closed sales and higher operating costs from acquisitions.
operating income. operating income for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was $594.9 million, an increase of $63.3 million, or 12%, compared to $531.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. operating income margins increased to 13.7% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, compared to 12.8% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, primarily due to the increase in recurring fee revenues and event-driven fee revenues.
35
interest expense, net. interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was $38.6 million, a decrease of $4.1 million, or 10%, compared to $42.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in interest expense of $2.3 million and a $1.8 million increase in interest income.
other non-operating (income) expenses, net. other non-operating income, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was $4.7 million, an increase of $5.5 million, compared to $0.8 million of other non-operating expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the increase was primarily due to lower expense of $6.8 million related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and lower losses related to minority equity investments of $2.5 million partially offset by a decrease of $3.8 million in investment gains.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $561.0 million, an increase of $72.9 million, or 15%, compared to $488.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $133.1 million and 23.7%, compared to $161.4 million and 33.1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 is primarily due to the recognition of $40.9 million in excess tax benefits attributable to stock-based compensation as well as a reduced u.s. federal tax rate, partially offset by the $15.4 million of net tax charges relating to the enactment of the tax act. in the fiscal year ending june 30, 2018, the company's federal corporate statutory income tax rate was subject to a full year blended tax rate of 28.1%. notwithstanding the reduction in the federal corporate statutory income tax rate, the tax act required companies to pay a transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2017, which the company has estimated to be $12.4 million. the company also accrued $18.4 million of foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes with respect to the earnings deemed repatriated for u.s. tax purposes. partially offsetting the $30.8 million of aggregate expense related to foreign earnings is a $15.3 million benefit related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities. beginning july 1, 2018, the company will be subject to a u.s. federal corporate statutory income tax rate of 21.0%.
net earnings and basic and diluted earnings per share. net earnings for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $427.9 million, an increase of $101.2 million, or 31%, compared to $326.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017.
basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $3.66 and $3.56, respectively, compared to $2.77 and $2.70 for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, respectively.
36
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2017                    2016                                         change
($)                     (%)
(in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                              $4,142.6                $2,897.0                $1,245.5               43
cost of revenues                                       3,109.6                 1,975.9                 1,133.7               57
selling, general and administrative expenses             501.4                   420.9                    80.5               19
total operating expenses                               3,611.0                 2,396.8                 1,214.2               51
operating income                                         531.6                   500.3                    31.3                6
margin                                                    12.8    %               17.3    %                                (4.5    )   pts interest expense, net                                     42.7                    25.7                    16.9               66
other non-operating (income) expenses, net                 0.8                     5.6                    (4.9    )         (86    )
earnings before income taxes                             488.1                   468.9                    19.2                4
provision for income taxes                               161.4                   161.4                    (0.1    )           -
effective tax rate                                        33.1    %               34.4    %                                (1.3    )   pts net earnings                                            $326.8                  $307.5                   $19.3                6
basic earnings per share                                 $2.77                   $2.60                   $0.17                7
diluted earnings per share                               $2.70                   $2.53                   $0.17                7
revenues. revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $4,142.6 million, an increase of $1,245.5 million, or 43%, compared to $2,897.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. revenues from acquisitions contributed $1,092.1 million of this total increase, with nacc revenues contributing $1,067.1 million. the $1,245.5 million increase was driven by an increase in distribution revenues of $690.2 million, or 80%, which includes $642.9 million of nacc distribution revenues, and an increase in recurring fee revenues of $555.9 million, or 29%. the higher recurring fee revenues of $555.9 million reflected: contributions from our recent acquisitions (24 pts), including $424.2 million from the nacc acquisition, gains from net new business (4 pts) and internal growth (2 pts). event-driven revenues increased by $19.5 million, or 10%. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted total revenues by $20.1 million.
total operating expenses. total operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $3,611.0 million, an increase of $1,214.2 million, or 51%, compared to $2,396.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016.
cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $3,109.6 million, an increase of $1,133.7 million, or 57%, compared to $1,975.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to acquisitions. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased cost of revenues by $16.6 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $501.4 million, an increase of $80.5 million, or 19%, compared to $420.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the increase was primarily due to acquisitions.
operating income. operating income for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was $531.6 million, an increase of $31.3 million, or 6%, compared to $500.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. operating income margins decreased to 12.8% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 compared to 17.3% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of nacc.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was $42.7 million, an increase of $16.9 million, or 66%, compared to $25.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase in interest expense of $16.3 million from higher long-term borrowings.
other non-operating (income) expenses, net. other non-operating expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $0.8 million, a decrease of $4.9 million, or 86%, compared to $5.6 million of other non-operating expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, primarily due to the $9.3 million mal investment gain, partially offset by higher expense of
37
$4.3 million related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $488.1 million, an increase of $19.2 million, or 4%, compared to $468.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rates for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $161.4 million and 33.1%, respectively, compared to $161.4 million and 34.4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, respectively. the effective tax for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was impacted by the recognition of the non-cash, nontaxable $9.3 million mal investment gain. excluding that investment gain, the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was 33.7%. in addition to the tax benefit from the mal investment gain, the effective tax rate also declined as a result of a $2.2 million increase in the current year accrual for the section 199 domestic production activities deduction relating to prior tax years. the effective tax rate was also positively impacted by approximately 20 basis points due to a more favorable mix of geographical income.
net earnings and basic and diluted earnings per share. net earnings for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $326.8 million, an increase of $19.3 million, or 6%, compared to $307.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016.
basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $2.77 and $2.70, respectively, compared to $2.60 and $2.53 for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, respectively.
analysis of reportable segments broadridge has two reportable business segments: (1) investor communication solutions and (2) global technology and operations.
the primary component of "other" are certain gains, losses, corporate overhead expenses and non-operating expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, such as interest expense. foreign currency exchange is a reconciling item between the actual foreign currency exchange rates and the constant foreign currency exchange rates used for internal management reporting.
certain corporate expenses, as well as certain centrally managed expenses, are allocated based upon budgeted amounts in a reasonable manner. because the company compensates the management of its various businesses on, among other factors, segment profit, the company may elect to record certain segment-related operating and non-operating expense items in other rather than reflect such items in segment profit.
in connection with an organizational change made in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018, in order to further align and enhance our portfolio of services, certain discrete services that were previously reported in our investor communication solutions reportable segment are now reported within the global technology and operations reportable segment. as a result, our prior period segment results have been revised to reflect this change in reporting segments.
revenues years ended june 30,       change
2018 vs. 2017                                                                         2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                                   2017                    2016       $                                %                         $   %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $3,495.6                $3,398.6                $2,200.0            $97.1                        3              $1,198.6          54
global technology and operations         911.6                   825.5                   758.4                     86.1               10       67.1                      9
other                                        -                       -                       -            -                            -                     -           -
foreign currency exchange                (77.3    )              (81.5    )              (61.4    )                 4.2               (5   )             (20.1   )      33
total                                 $4,329.9                $4,142.6                $2,897.0            $187.3                       5              $1,245.5          43
38
earnings (loss) before income taxes years ended june 30,                                                        change
2018 vs. 2017                                                              2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                               2017                 2016                               $   %                     $   %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $494.6                $428.2                $413.9                   $66.4              16         $14.3           3
global technology and operations       199.3                 162.5                 130.6                    36.8              23          31.8          24
other                                 (151.4    )           (110.5    )            (79.0   )               (40.9       )      37         (31.5   )      40
foreign currency exchange               18.6                   8.1                   3.4                    10.5             130           4.7         138
total                                 $561.0                $488.1                $468.9                   $72.9              15         $19.2           4
investor communication solutions revenues years ended june 30,                                                                change
2018 vs. 2017                                                               2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                         2017                    2016                               $        %                        $   %
($ in millions)
recurring fee revenues      $1,698.9                $1,625.7                $1,136.9                    $73.1                5                $488.8         43
event-driven revenues          283.9                   218.9                   199.4        65.0                            30                  19.5         10
distribution revenues        1,512.9                 1,554.0                   863.7                    (41.0       )       (3   )             690.2         80
total                       $3,495.6                $3,398.6                $2,200.0                    $97.1                3              $1,198.6         54
fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
revenues. investor communication solutions segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $3,495.6 million an increase of $97.1 million, or 3%, compared to $3,398.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the increase was driven by: (i) higher recurring fee revenues of $73.1 million, or 5%, and (ii) higher event-driven fee revenues of $65.0 million, or 30%, partially offset by (iii) lower distribution revenues of $41.0 million, or 3%.
higher recurring fee revenues of 5% were attributable to: (i) net new business from increases in revenues from closed sales (2 pts), (ii) internal growth (2 pts) and (iii) revenues from acquisitions (1 pt). position growth compared to the same period in the prior year, which is a component of internal growth, was 11% for annual equity proxy communications and 10% for mutual fund and exchange traded funds ("etf") interims. revenue contribution from position growth was offset by lower activity in other products. higher event-driven fee revenues were the result of increased equity proxy contests and mutual fund proxy activity.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $494.6 million, an increase of $66.4 million, or 16%, compared to $428.2 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the earnings increase was primarily due to higher recurring fee revenues and event-driven fee revenues. pre-tax margins increased by 1.5 percentage points to 14.1% from 12.6%.
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
revenues. investor communication solutions segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $3,398.6 million, an increase of $1,198.6 million, or 54%, compared to $2,200.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the increase was attributable to higher recurring fee revenues of $488.8 million, higher event-driven fee revenues of $19.5 million and higher distribution revenues of $690.2 million.
the higher recurring fee revenues of $488.8 million, or 43%, reflected: (i) contributions from the nacc acquisition (37 pts), (ii) net new business (4 pts), and (iii) internal growth (2 pts). higher event-driven fee revenues were the result of increased mutual fund proxy and proxy contests. position growth compared to the same period in the prior year, which is a component of internal growth, was 4% for mutual fund and etf interims and 8% for annual equity proxy communications. revenue contribution from position growth was offset by lower activity in other products.
39
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $428.2 million, an increase of $14.3 million, or 3%, compared to $413.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the earnings increase was primarily due to higher revenues, partially offset by higher operating expenses, which includes higher amortization expenses related to acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property as well as higher integration costs related to nacc. pre-tax margins decreased by 6.2 percentage points to 12.6% from 18.8%.
global technology and operations fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
revenues. global technology and operations segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $911.6 million, an increase of $86.1 million, or 10%, compared to $825.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the 10% increase was attributable to: (i) higher net new business from closed sales (5 pts), (ii) internal growth from higher trade and non-trade activity levels (4 pts), and (iii) revenue from recent acquisitions (2 pts).
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $199.3 million, an increase of $36.8 million, or 23%, compared to $162.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the earnings increase was primarily due to higher organic revenues. pre-tax margins increased by 2.2 percentage points to 21.9% from 19.7%.
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
revenues. global technology and operations segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $825.5 million, an increase of $67.1 million, or 9%, compared to $758.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the 9% increase was attributable to: (i) higher net new business (5 pts), (ii) revenue from recent acquisitions (3 pts) and (iii) internal growth from higher trade and non-trade activity levels partially offset by contract renewals (1 pt).
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $162.5 million, an increase of $31.8 million, or 24%, compared to $130.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the earnings increase was primarily due to higher organic revenues and efficiency initiatives, partially offset by the impact of recent acquisitions. pre-tax margins increased by 2.5 percentage points to 19.7% from 17.2%.
other fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
revenues. there were no significant reportable revenues in our other segment for the periods presented.
loss before income taxes. loss before income taxes was $151.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, an increase of $40.9 million, or 37%, compared to $110.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the increased loss was primarily due to higher spending on growth initiatives and higher performance based compensation expense, partially offset by decreased foreign currency transaction losses.
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
revenues. there were no significant reportable revenues in our other segment for the periods presented.
loss before income taxes. loss before income taxes was $110.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, an increase of $31.5 million, or 40%, compared to $79.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. the increased loss was primarily due to an increase in net interest expense, higher expense related to efficiency initiatives, increased foreign currency transaction losses, a reduction in the fair value of our obligation under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements in the prior year and a gain on sale of an asset in the prior fiscal year, partially offset by the mal investment gain.
explanation and reconciliation of the company's use of non-gaap financial measures the company's results in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with u.s. gaap except where otherwise noted. in certain circumstances, results have been presented that are not generally accepted accounting principles measures ("non-gaap"). these non-gaap measures are adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow. these non-gaap financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the company's reported results.
the company believes our non-gaap financial measures help investors understand how management plans, measures and evaluates the company's business performance. management believes that non-gaap measures provide consistency in its financial reporting and facilitates investors' understanding of the company's operating results and trends by providing an additional basis for comparison. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation. in addition, and as a consequence of the importance of these non-gaap financial measures in managing our business, the company's compensation committee of the board of directors incorporates non-gaap financial measures in the evaluation process for determining management compensation.
adjusted operating income, adjusted operating income margin, adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share these non-gaap measures reflect operating income, operating income margin, net earnings, and diluted earnings per share, as adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that management believes are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. these adjusted measures exclude the impact of: (i) amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, (ii) acquisition and integration costs, (iii) tax act items, (iv) the gain on sale of securities and (v) the mal investment gain. amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property represents non-cash amortization expenses associated with the company's acquisition activities. acquisition and integration costs represent certain transaction and integration costs associated with the company's acquisition activities. tax act items represent the net impact of a u.s. federal transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes and certain benefits related to the remeasurement of the company's net u.s. federal and state deferred tax liabilities attributable to the tax act. the gain on sale of securities represents a non-operating gain on the sale of securities associated with the company's retirement plan obligations. the mal investment gain represents a non-cash, nontaxable gain on investment from the company's acquisition of mal in march 2017.
we exclude amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property, acquisition and integration costs, tax act items, gain on sale of securities and the mal investment gain from our earnings measures because excluding such information provides us with an understanding of the results from the primary operations of our business and these items do not reflect ordinary operations or earnings. management believes these adjusted measures may be useful to an investor in evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business.
free cash flows in addition to the non-gaap financial measures discussed above, we provide free cash flow information because we consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated that could be used for dividends, share repurchases, strategic acquisitions, other investments, as well as debt servicing. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and is defined by the company as net cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures as well as software purchases and capitalized internal use software.
set forth below is a reconciliation of such non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures (unaudited):
years ended june 30,
2018                2017                2016
(in millions)
operating income (gaap)                                                           $594.9              $531.6              $500.3
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property            81.4                72.6                31.8
acquisition and integration costs                                                    8.8                19.1                 5.0
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                              $685.1              $623.3              $537.1
operating income margin (gaap)                                                      13.7   %            12.8   %            17.3   %
adjusted operating income margin (non-gaap)                                         15.8   %            15.0   %            18.5   %
40
years ended june 30,
2018                2017                2016
(in millions)
net earnings (gaap)                                                               $427.9              $326.8              $307.5
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property            81.4                72.6                31.8
acquisition and integration costs                                                    8.8                19.1                 5.0
gain on sale of securities                                                          (5.5   )               -                   -
taxable adjustments                                                                 84.7                91.7                36.8
tax act items                                                                       15.4                   -                   -
mal investment gain                                                                    -                (9.3   )               -
tax impact of adjustments (a)                                                      (23.9   )           (30.9   )           (12.7   )
adjusted net earnings (non-gaap)                                                  $504.1              $378.3              $331.7
years ended june 30,
2018              2017              2016
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                                                $3.56             $2.70             $2.53
adjustments:
amortization of acquired intangibles and purchased intellectual property          0.68              0.60              0.26
acquisition and integration costs                                                 0.07              0.16              0.04
gain on sale of securities                                                       (0.05   )             -                 -
taxable adjustments                                                               0.70              0.76              0.30
tax act items                                                                     0.13                 -                 -
mal investment gain                                                                  -             (0.08   )             -
tax impact of adjustments (a)                                                    (0.20   )         (0.26   )         (0.10   )
adjusted earnings per share (non-gaap)                                           $4.19             $3.13             $2.73
(a) calculated using the gaap effective tax rate, adjusted to exclude the net $15.4 million charges associated with the tax act, as well as $40.9 million of excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. for purposes of calculating the adjusted earnings per share, the same adjustments were made on a per share basis.
years ended june 30,
2018                2017                2016
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities (gaap)                                     $693.6              $515.9              $437.7
capital expenditures and software purchases and capitalized internal use software           (97.9   )          (113.7   )           (75.5   )
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                                                  $595.7              $402.2              $362.2
41
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents consisted of the following:
june 30,
2018                2017
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents:
domestic cash                               $98.2               $86.8
cash held by foreign subsidiaries           103.6               126.2
cash held by regulated entities              62.0                58.1
total cash and cash equivalents            $263.9              $271.1
at june 30, 2018 and 2017, cash and cash equivalents were $263.9 million and $271.1 million, respectively. total stockholders' equity was $1,094.3 million and $1,003.8 million at june 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. at june 30, 2018, net working capital was $213.8 million, compared to $244.6 million at june 30, 2017. at the current time, and in future periods, we expect cash generated by our operations, together with existing cash, cash equivalents, and borrowing capacity, to be sufficient to cover cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and common stock repurchases.
at june 30, 2018, $103.6 million of the $263.9 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries, and $62.0 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by regulated entities. we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we may be required to pay additional foreign taxes to repatriate these funds. however, while we may do so at a future date, the company does not need to repatriate future foreign earnings to fund u.s. operations.
outstanding borrowings and available capacity under the company's borrowing arrangements were as follows:
expirationdate             principal amount outstanding at june 30, 2018            carrying value at june 30, 2018            carrying value at june 30, 2017       unused                      fair value at june 30, 2018
available capacity
(in millions)
long-term debt fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility   february 2022                                   $160.0                                          $160.0                                     $210.0                    $840.0                               $160.0
fiscal 2014 senior notes                september 2020                                   400.0                                           398.5                                      397.9                    -                                     405.8
fiscal 2016 senior notes                june 2026                                        500.0                                           494.8                                      494.1                    -                                     474.4
$1,060.0                                        $1,053.4                                   $1,102.1                    $840.0                             $1,040.2
total debt                                                                            $1,060.0                                        $1,053.4                                   $1,102.1                    $840.0                             $1,040.2
future principal payments on the company's outstanding debt are as follows:
years ending june 30,   2019            2020            2021                2022                2023            thereafter        total
(in millions)               $-              $-                 $400.0              $160.0           $-          $500.0            $1,060.0
the company has a $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility"), which is comprised of a $900.0 million u.s. dollar tranche and a $100.0 million multicurrency tranche. borrowings under the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility bear interest at libor plus 100 basis points. in addition, the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility has an annual facility fee equal to 12.5 basis points on the entire facility, which totaled $1.3 million and $1.1 million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and june 30, 2017, respectively. as of june 30, 2018, the company had $160.0 million
42
in outstanding borrowings and had unused available capacity of $840.0 million under the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility. the facility is scheduled to expire in february 2022.
at june 30, 2018, the carrying value of the company's outstanding long-term debt was $1,053.4 million, consisting of: (i) borrowings on the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility of $160.0 million, (ii) senior notes of $398.5 million ($400.0 million principal amount less $0.2 million of unamortized bond discount and $1.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs) due september 2020 and (iii) senior notes of $494.8 million ($500.0 million principal amount less $1.7 million of unamortized bond discount and $3.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs) due june 2026. the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility and senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and are ranked equally in right of payment. interest on the senior notes due 2020 is payable semiannually on march 1st and september 1st each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.95%. interest on the senior notes due june 2026 is payable semiannually on june 27th and december 27th each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.40%.
our liquidity position may be negatively affected by changes in general economic conditions, regulatory requirements and access to the capital markets, which may be limited if we were to fail to renew any of the credit facilities on their renewal dates or if we were to fail to meet certain ratios.
please refer to note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a more detailed discussion.
cash flows fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
years ended june 30,
2018                                                              2017                    $ change
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities   $693.6              $515.9              $177.6
net cash flows used in investing activities       $(249.3     )       $(659.3     )       $410.1
net cash flows used in financing activities       $(449.9     )       $(311.7     )       $(138.2     )
the increase in cash provided by operating activities of $177.6 million was due to: (i) higher cash generated from our operations primarily from higher revenues partially offset by increased cash used in working capital, (ii) an increase in cash provided by advanced client payments on existing contracts of $61.6 million, and (iii) the classification of excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation awards as part of operating activities in fiscal year 2018, for which $40.6 million of excess tax benefits were classified in financing activities in fiscal year 2017 rather than operating activities.
the decrease in cash used in investing activities of $410.1 million primarily reflects decreased (i) acquisitions of $340.4 million largely driven by the acquisition of nacc in fiscal year 2017 and (ii) $50.0 million in purchased intellectual property.
the increase in cash used in financing activities of $138.2 million primarily reflects: (i) a decrease in net proceeds from borrowings of $135.0 million, (ii) a $40.6 million decrease in excess tax benefits from the issuance of stock-based compensation awards that are no longer classified as cash flows from financing activities, (iii) a $13.6 million increase in dividends paid, and (iv) a $8.9 million decrease in the proceeds from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by (v) a $65.7 million decrease in the repurchase of common stock.
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
years ended june 30,
2017                                                                        2016                    $ change
(in millions)
net cash flows provided by operating activities             $515.9              $437.7              $78.2
net cash flows used in investing activities                 $(659.3     )       $(136.9     )       $(522.4     )
net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities   $(311.7     )       $108.6              $(420.3     )
43
the increase in cash provided by operating activities of $78.2 million was due to: (i) an increase in net earnings of $19.3 million, (ii) increased cash provided by working capital of $31.3 million, and (iii) increased non-cash expense add-backs of $42.1 million, partially offset by (iv) increased cash used in long-term assets and liabilities of $14.5 million driven by client implementations and prepaid broker fees.
the increase in cash used in investing activities of $522.4 million primarily reflects increased investments of $395.7 million in acquisitions and $90.0 million in purchased intellectual property.
the increase in cash used in financing activities of $420.3 million reflects (i) a $247.9 million net decrease in debt proceeds, net of debt payments, in the current year compared to the prior fiscal year (ii) a $223.0 million increase in the purchase of common stock, and (iii) a $14.0 million increase in dividends paid, partially offset by cash provided by: (i) a $36.2 million increase in the proceeds from stock option exercises, and (ii) a $19.2 million increase in excess tax benefits from the exercise and vesting of stock-based compensation awards.
income taxes the company, headquartered in the u.s., is routinely examined by the irs and is also routinely examined by the tax authorities in the u.s. states and foreign countries in which it conducts business. the tax years under audit examination vary by tax jurisdiction. the company regularly considers the likelihood of assessments in each of the jurisdictions resulting from examinations. to the extent the company determines it has potential tax assessments in particular tax jurisdictions, the company has established tax reserves which it believes are adequate in relation to the potential assessments. once established, reserves are adjusted when there is more information available, when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves or the statute of limitations for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position has expired. the resolution of tax matters should not have a material effect on the financial condition of the company or on the company's consolidated statements of earnings for a particular future period.
defined benefit pension plans the company sponsors a supplemental officer retirement plan (the "broadridge sorp"). the broadridge sorp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key officers upon retirement based upon the officers' years of service and compensation. the broadridge sorp is currently unfunded. the broadridge sorp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015.
the company also sponsors a supplemental executive retirement plan (the "broadridge serp"). the broadridge serp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key executives upon retirement based upon the executives' years of service and compensation. the broadridge serp is currently unfunded. the broadridge serp was closed to new participants beginning in fiscal year 2015.
the amounts charged to expense by the company for these plans were:
years ended june 30,
2018   2017              2016
(in millions)
sorp           $4.3              $3.6              $3.2
serp            0.6       0.7               0.6
total          $4.9              $4.3              $3.8
the benefit obligation to the company under these plans at june 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was:
years ended june 30,
2018   2017              2016
(in millions)
sorp          $38.3             $35.4             $30.0
serp            4.5       4.3               3.6
total         $42.8             $39.7             $33.6
44
other post-retirement benefit plan the company sponsors an executive retiree health insurance plan. it is a post-retirement benefit plan pursuant to which the company helps defray the health care costs of certain eligible key executive retirees and qualifying dependents, based upon the retirees' age and years of service, until they reach the age of 65. the plan is currently unfunded.
the amounts charged to expense by the company for this plan were:
years ended june 30,
2018              2017              2016
(in millions)
executive retiree health insurance plan       $0.4              $0.3              $0.3
the benefit obligation to the company under this plan at june 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was:
years ended june 30,
2018              2017              2016
(in millions)
executive retiree health insurance plan       $5.3              $4.9              $4.2
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations to third parties as of june 30, 2018 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:
payments due by period total             less than 1year                1-3 years             4-5 years             after 5years
(in millions)
debt(1)                                                         $1,060.0                      $-                    $400.0                 $160.0                  $500.0
interest and facility fee on debt(2)                               191.9                    38.8                      64.5                   37.5                    51.0
facility and equipment operating leases(3)                         326.8                    42.7                      71.1                   56.3                   156.7
software licensing(4)                                               24.5                    10.3                      14.1                      -                       -
purchase obligations(5)                                            368.5                    67.5                     127.1                  119.4                    54.6
capital commitment to fund an equity method investment               1.8                     1.8                         -                      -                       -
transition tax(6)                                                   12.4                     2.1                       1.8                    1.8                     6.7
uncertain tax positions(7)                                             -                       -                         -                      -                       -
total(8)                                                        $1,985.8                  $163.2                    $678.5                 $375.0                  $769.0
(1)   these amounts represent the principal repayments of long-term debt and are included on our consolidated balance sheets. as of june 30, 2018, we had $1,053.4 million of carrying value outstanding debt consisting of senior notes of $398.5 million principal amount due september 2020, senior notes of $494.8 million principal amount due june 2026, and $160.0 million outstanding on our fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility due february 2022. see note 12, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our borrowings and related matters.
(2)   includes estimated future interest payments on our long-term debt and interest and facility fee on the revolving credit facility. interest on the senior notes due 2020 is based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.95%. interest on the senior notes due 2026 is based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.40%. interest on the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility is calculated at libor plus 100 basis points. an interest rate of 2.99% was used to estimate future interest payments for this portion of our long-term debt. the fiscal 2017 revolving credit facility also has an annual facility fee equal to 12.5 basis points on the entire facility.
(3)   we enter into operating leases in the normal course of business relating to facilities and equipment. the majority of our lease agreements have fixed payment terms based on the passage of time. certain facility and equipment leases require payment of maintenance and real estate taxes and contain escalation provisions based on future adjustments in price indices. our future operating lease obligations could change if we exit certain contracts and if we enter into additional operating lease agreements.
45
(4)   we enter into various software licenses agreements in the normal course of business.
(5)   purchase obligations relate to payments to ibm related to the it services agreement entered into in march 2010 that expires in june 2024, the eu it services agreement entered into in march 2014 that expires in october 2023, and purchase and maintenance agreements on our software, equipment and other assets.
(6)   transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries payable pursuant to the tax act.
(7)   due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of uncertain tax positions, only uncertain tax benefits related to certain settlements have been provided in the table above. the company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates related to the timing of the remaining net unrecognized tax benefit liability of $23.1 million (inclusive of interest). see note 15, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further detail.
(8)   certain executive post-retirement benefit obligations reported in our consolidated balance sheets in the amount of $48.1 million as of june 30, 2018 were not included in the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these future payments.
data center agreements in march 2010, the company and international business machines corporation ("ibm") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "it services agreement"), under which ibm provides certain aspects of the company's information technology infrastructure. under the it services agreement, ibm provides a broad range of technology services to the company including supporting its mainframe, midrange, open systems, network and data center operations, as well as providing disaster recovery services. the company has the option of incorporating additional services into the agreement over time. the migration of the data center processing to ibm was completed in august 2012. the it services agreement expires on june 30, 2024. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2018 are $340.6 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract.
in march 2014, the company and ibm united kingdom limited ("ibm uk") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "eu it services agreement"), under which ibm uk provides data center services supporting the company's technology outsourcing services for certain clients in europe and asia. the eu it services agreement expires in october 2023. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the eu it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term or one additional 24-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2018 are $27.9 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract.
the following table summarizes the total expenses related to these agreements:
years ended june 30,
2018   2017                2016
(in millions)
it services agreement             $101.2               $99.3               $98.5
eu it services agreement             6.3       5.5                 7.5
total expenses                    $107.5              $104.8              $106.0
the company has capitalized $62.3 million, including $0.3 million in fiscal year 2018, related to the build-out of the ibm data center in other non-current assets, with a net book value of $31.8 million at june 30, 2018. the company capitalized $4.9 million related to the build-out of the ibm uk data center in other non-current assets, with a net book value of $2.9 million at june 30, 2018. the asset balance increased by $0.1 million due to the impact of foreign exchange during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.
the following table summarizes the total amortization expense of capitalized costs related to these agreements:
years ended june 30,
2018   2017              2016
(in millions)
it services agreement             $5.3              $4.6              $4.3
eu it services agreement           0.5       0.4               0.6
total expenses                    $5.8              $5.0              $4.8
46
other commercial commitments certain of the company's subsidiaries have unsecured, uncommitted lines of credit with banks. there were no outstanding borrowings under these lines of credit at june 30, 2018.
off-balance sheet arrangements it is not the company's business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. the company manages its exposure to these market risks through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. the company was not a party to any derivative financial instruments at june 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016. in the normal course of business, the company also enters into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of the company's products and services. the company does not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties, or collateral arrangements.
new accounting pronouncements please refer to note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies-t. new accounting pronouncements" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion on the impact of the adoption of new accounting pronouncements.
