item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. as we are a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. we, therefore, encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. these risks include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, model risk, technology, regulatory and legal risk and strategic and reputational risk. we discuss our principal risk management processes and, in appropriate places, related historical performance in the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" section in part ii, item 7, included in this report.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. other factors that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operation are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or in this or other reports that we file or furnish with the sec, that could also adversely affect us.
risks related to our business we may not be able to successfully execute our business strategy.
our business strategy is designed to maximize the full potential of our business and drive sustainable growth and enhanced profitability, and our success rests on our ability to: (i) maintain a high-performing, customer-centric organization; (ii) develop differentiated value propositions to acquire, deepen, and retain core customer segments; (iii) build excellent capabilities that will allow us to stand out from our competitors; (iv) operate with financial discipline and a mindset of continuous improvement to self-fund investments; (v) prudently grow and optimize our balance sheet; (vi) modernize our technology and operational models to improve delivery, agility and speed to market; and (vii) embed risk management within our culture and our operations. our future success and the value of our stock will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively implement our business strategy. there are risks and uncertainties, many of which are not within our control, associated with each element of our strategy. if we are not able to successfully execute our business strategy, we may never achieve our financial performance goals and any shortfall may be material. see "business strategy" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report for further information.
supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders.
in recent years, the federal banking agencies (the frb, the occ and the fdic), as well as the cfpb have generally taken a more stringent approach to supervising and regulating financial institutions and financial products and services over which they exercise their respective supervisory authorities. this increased supervisory stringency is a result of and in addition to legislation aimed at regulatory reform, such as the dodd-frank act, and the increased capital and liquidity requirements imposed by the u.s. implementation of the basel iii framework. we and cbna and our products and services are all subject to greater supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory requirements and expectations. we expect to continue to face this heightened level of supervisory scrutiny and enhanced supervisory requirements in the foreseeable future.
in addition, as part of the supervisory and examination process, if we are unsuccessful in meeting the supervisory requirements and expectations that apply to us and cbna, regulatory agencies may from time to time take supervisory actions against us that may not be publicly disclosed. such actions may include restrictions on our activities or the activities of our subsidiaries, informal (nonpublic) or formal (public) supervisory actions or public enforcement actions, including the payment of civil money penalties, which could increase our costs and limit our ability to implement our strategic plans and expand our business, and as a result could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
net interest income historically has been, and in the near-to-medium term we anticipate that it will remain, a significant component of our total revenue. this is due to the fact that a high percentage of our assets and liabilities have been and will likely continue to be in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments. changes in interest rates can have a material effect on many areas of our business, including net interest income, deposit costs, loan volume and delinquency, and the value of our mortgage servicing rights. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the federal open market committee. changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. if the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest earning assets, our net interest income may decline and, with it, a decline in our earnings may occur. our net interest income and our earnings would be similarly affected if the interest rates on our interest earning assets declined at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities.
we cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. global, national, regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the frb, affect interest income and interest expense. although we have policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates, as further discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" in part ii, item 7, included in this report, changes in interest rates still may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
if our ongoing assumptions regarding borrower or depositor behavior are wrong or overall economic conditions are significantly different than we anticipate, then our risk mitigation may be insufficient to protect against interest rate risk and our net income would be adversely affected.
changes in the method pursuant to which the libor and other benchmark rates are calculated and their potential discontinuance could adversely impact our business operations and financial results.
our floating-rate funding, certain hedging transactions and certain of the products that we offer, such as floating-rate loans, financing transactions and derivatives in connection with our customer accommodation trading activities, determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate, such as the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), or to another financial metric. in the event any such benchmark rate or other referenced financial metric is significantly changed, replaced or discontinued, or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark rate or financial metric, there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument, and there may be significant work required to transition to any new benchmark rate or other financial metric.
in response to concerns regarding the reliability and robustness of commonly used reference rates, in particular libor, the financial stability oversight council and financial stability board called for the development of alternative interest rate benchmarks. in 2014, the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the federal reserve bank of new york convened the alternative reference rates committee ("arrc") in order to identify best practices for alternative reference rates, identify best practices for contract robustness, develop an adoption plan, and create an implementation plan with metrics of success and a timeline. in june 2017, the arrc identified the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as its recommended alternative to u.s. dollar libor for use in certain new u.s. dollar derivatives and other financial instruments. furthermore, in july 2017, the chief executive of the u.k. financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that the fca intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. this announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.
23
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors despite progress made to date by regulators and industry participants to prepare for the anticipated discontinuation of libor, significant uncertainties still remain. such uncertainties relate to, for example, whether libor will continue to be viewed as an acceptable market benchmark rate, what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, whether different benchmark rates may become accepted alternatives to libor for different types of transactions and financial instruments, how the terms of any transaction or financial instrument will be adjusted to account for differences between libor and any alternative rate selected (for example, if sofr is used as an alternative, various adjustments, including a credit spread adjustment, may be necessary to reflect that sofr is a secured overnight rate and libor is a term unsecured rate), how any replacement would be implemented across the industry, and the effect of any changes in industry views or movement to alternative benchmarks would have on the markets for libor-linked financial instruments.
the discontinuation of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, changes in a benchmark rate or other financial metric, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, including libor, could, among other things, adversely affect the value of and return on certain of our financial instruments or products, result in changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. in addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with customer disclosures and contract negotiations.
we could fail to attract, retain or motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management, other key employees or members of our board, which could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business.
a cornerstone of our strategic plan involves the hiring of highly skilled and qualified personnel. accordingly, our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel, including our senior management and other key employees and directors, competitive with our peers. the marketplace for skilled personnel is becoming more competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. the failure to attract or retain, including as a result of an untimely death or illness of key personnel, or replace a sufficient number of appropriately skilled and key personnel could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy, which could impair our ability to implement our strategic plan successfully, achieve our performance targets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
limitations on the manner in which regulated financial institutions, such as citizens, can compensate their officers and employees, including those contained in pending rule proposals implementing requirements of section 956 of the dodd-frank act, may make it more difficult for such institutions to compete for talent with financial institutions and other companies not subject to these or similar limitations. if citizens is unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially.
our ability to meet our obligations, and the cost of funds to do so, depend on our ability to access identified sources of liquidity at a reasonable cost.
liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our obligations, including funding commitments, as they come due. this risk is inherent in our operations and can be heightened by a number of factors, including an over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, secured fhlb advances), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. like many banking groups, our reliance on customer deposits to meet a considerable portion of our funding has grown over recent years, and we continue to seek to increase the proportion of our funding represented by customer deposits. however, these deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for retail or corporate customer deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, or a loss of confidence by customers in us or in the banking sector generally which could result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. to the extent there is heightened competition among u.s. banks for retail customer deposits, this competition may increase the cost of procuring new deposits and/or retaining existing deposits, and otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. an inability to grow, or any material decrease in, our deposits could have a material adverse effect on our ability to satisfy our liquidity needs.
maintaining a diverse and appropriate funding strategy for our assets consistent with our wider strategic risk appetite and plan remains challenging, and any tightening of credit markets could have a material adverse
24
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors impact on us. in particular, there is a risk that corporate and financial institution counterparties may seek to reduce their credit exposures to banks and other financial institutions (for example, reductions in unsecured deposits supplied by these counterparties), which may cause funding from these sources to no longer be available. under these circumstances, we may need to seek funds from alternative sources, potentially at higher costs than has previously been the case, or may be required to consider disposals of other assets not previously identified for disposal, in order to reduce our funding commitments.
a reduction in our credit ratings, which are based on a number of factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding. rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength. other factors considered by rating agencies include conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. any downgrade in our ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs, could limit our access to capital markets, and otherwise adversely affect our business. for example, a ratings downgrade could adversely affect our ability to sell or market certain of our securities, including long-term debt, engage in certain longer-term derivatives transactions and retain our customers, particularly corporate customers who may require a minimum rating threshold in order to place funds with us. in addition, under the terms of certain of our derivatives contracts, we may be required to maintain a minimum credit rating or have to post additional collateral or terminate such contracts. any of these results of a rating downgrade could increase our cost of funding, reduce our liquidity and have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our financial performance may be adversely affected by deterioration in borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, where our operations are concentrated.
we have exposure to many different industries and risks arising from actual or perceived changes in credit quality and uncertainty over the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers is inherent in our businesses. our exposure may be exacerbated by the geographic concentration of our operations, which are predominately located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions. the credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate for a number of reasons that are outside our control, including as a result of prevailing economic and market conditions and asset valuation. the trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality, particularly in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, have caused, and in the future may cause, us to experience impairment charges, increased repurchase demands, higher costs, additional write-downs and losses and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.
our risk management framework is made up of various processes and strategies to manage our risk exposure. the framework to manage risk, including the framework's underlying assumptions, may not be effective under all conditions and circumstances. if the risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
one of the main types of risks inherent in our business is credit risk. an important feature of our credit risk management system is to employ an internal credit risk control system through which we identify, measure, monitor and mitigate existing and emerging credit risk of our customers. as this process involves detailed analyses of the customer or credit risk, taking into account both quantitative and qualitative factors, it is subject to human error. in exercising their judgment, our employees may not always be able to assign an accurate credit rating to a customer or credit risk, which may result in our exposure to higher credit risks than indicated by our risk rating system.
in addition, we have undertaken certain actions to enhance our credit policies and guidelines to address potential risks associated with particular industries or types of customers, as discussed in more detail under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk governance" and "- market risk" in part ii, item 7, included in this report. however, we may not be able to effectively implement these initiatives, or consistently follow and refine our credit risk management system. if any of the foregoing were to occur, it may result in an increase in the level of nonperforming loans and a higher risk exposure for us, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
25
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition.
from time to time, the fasb and sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. these changes can be operationally complex to implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. for example, in june 2016, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2016-13, measurement of credit losses on financial instruments ("asu 2016-13"), that will, effective january 1, 2020, substantially change the accounting for credit losses on loans and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. the standard replaces existing incurred loss impairment guidance and establishes a single allowance framework for financial assets carried at amortized cost. upon adoption of asu 2016-13, companies must recognize credit losses on these assets equal to management's estimate of credit losses over the full remaining expected life. companies must consider all relevant information when estimating expected credit losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. in december 2018, the federal reserve, occ and fdic released a final rule to revise their regulatory capital rules to address this upcoming change to the treatment of credit expense and allowances. the final rule provides an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital effects upon adopting the standard. the impact of this final rule on citizens and cbna will depend on whether we elect to phase in the impact of the standard over a three-year period. the standard is likely to have a negative impact, potentially materially, to the allowance and capital at adoption in 2020; however, citizens is still evaluating the impact. it is also possible that citizens' ongoing reported earnings and lending activity will be negatively impacted in periods following adoption.
our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models.
the processes we use to estimate our inherent loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior. we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. moreover, our models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used in the model is incorrect, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. we seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not at all times predictive of future developments in any particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may turn out to be inappropriate for the future period being modeled. in such case, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly greater than our models indicated. in addition, if existing or potential customers believe our risk management is inadequate, they could take their business elsewhere. this could harm our reputation as well as our revenues and profits. finally, information we provide to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could also be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our stockholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
the preparation of our financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. particularly, various factors may cause our alll to increase.
the preparation of audited consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. our most critical accounting estimate is the alll. the alll is a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense and represents our estimate of incurred but unrealized losses within the existing portfolio of loans. the alll is necessary to reserve for estimated loan and lease losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. the level of the alll reflects our ongoing evaluation of industry concentrations, specific credit risks, loan and lease loss experience, current loan portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions and incurred losses inherent in the current loan portfolio.
26
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors the determination of the appropriate level of the alll inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the stagnation of certain economic indicators that we are more susceptible to, such as unemployment and real estate values, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside our control, may require an increase in the alll. in addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our alll and may require an increase in the alll or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments that can differ from those of our own management. in addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the alll-that is, if the alll is inadequate-we will need additional loan and lease loss provisions to increase the alll. should such additional provisions become necessary, they would result in a decrease in net income and capital and may have a material adverse effect on us.
operational risks are inherent in our businesses.
our operations depend on our ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. operational risk and losses can result from internal and external fraud; improper conduct or errors by employees or third parties; failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper authorization; failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules; equipment failures, including those caused by natural disasters or by electrical, telecommunications or other essential utility outages; business continuity and data security system failures, including those caused by computer viruses, cyber-attacks or unforeseen problems encountered while implementing major new computer systems or upgrades to existing systems; or the inadequacy or failure of systems and controls, including those of our suppliers or counterparties. although we have implemented risk controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures, identifying and rectifying weaknesses in existing procedures and training staff, it is not possible to be certain that such actions have been or will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by us. any weakness in these systems or controls, or any breaches or alleged breaches of such laws or regulations, could result in increased regulatory supervision, enforcement actions and other disciplinary action, and have an adverse impact on our business, applicable authorizations and licenses, reputation and results of operations.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is undergoing rapid technological changes as a result of competition and changes in the legal and regulatory framework, and we may not be able to compete effectively as a result of these changes.
the financial services industry, including the banking sector, is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. in addition, new, unexpected technological changes could have a disruptive effect on the way banks offer products and services. we believe our success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to address customer needs by using technology to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. however, we may not be able to, among other things, keep up with the rapid pace of technological changes, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. as a result, our ability to compete effectively to attract or retain new business may be impaired, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
in addition, changes in the legal and regulatory framework under which we operate require us to update our information systems to ensure compliance. our need to review and evaluate the impact of ongoing rule proposals, final rules and implementation guidance from regulators further complicates the development and implementation of new information systems for our business. also, recent regulatory guidance has focused on the need for financial institutions to perform increased due diligence and ongoing monitoring of third-party vendor relationships, thus increasing the scope of management involvement and decreasing the efficiency otherwise resulting from our relationships with third-party technology providers. given the significant number of ongoing regulatory reform initiatives, it is possible that we incur higher than expected information technology costs in order to comply with current and impending regulations. see "-supervisory requirements and expectations on us as a financial holding company and a bank holding company and any regulator-imposed limits on our activities could adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, expand our business, continue to improve our financial performance and make capital distributions to our stockholders."
27
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors we are subject to a variety of cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could adversely affect how we conduct our business.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as cfg have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties. third parties with whom we or our customers do business also present operational and information security risks to us, including security breaches or failures of their own systems. the possibility of employee error, failure to follow security procedures, or malfeasance also presents these risks. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal computers, smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control environment. although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems, networks and our customers' devices may be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of the confidential, and/or proprietary information of cfg, our customers, our vendors, our counterparties, or our employees. we are under continuous threat of loss due to cyber-attacks, especially as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize the internet and other remote channels to transact business. two of the most significant cyber-attack risks that we face are e-fraud and loss of sensitive customer data. loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals extract funds directly from customers' or our accounts using fraudulent schemes that may include internet-based funds transfers. we have been subject to a number of e-fraud incidents historically. we have also been subject to attempts to steal sensitive customer data, such as account numbers and social security numbers, through unauthorized access to our computer systems including computer hacking. such attacks are less frequent but could present significant reputational, legal and regulatory costs to us if successful. we have implemented certain technology protections such as customer profiling and set-up authentication to be in compliance with the ffiec authentication in internet banking environment ("aibe") guidelines.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. system enhancements and updates may also create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of information technology systems, the process of enhancing our layers of defense can itself create a risk of systems disruptions and security issues. in addition, addressing certain information security vulnerabilities, such as hardware-based vulnerabilities, may affect the performance of our information technology systems. the ability of our hardware and software providers to deliver patches and updates to mitigate vulnerabilities in a timely manner can introduce additional risks, particularly when a vulnerability is being actively exploited by threat actors.
despite our efforts to prevent a cyber-attack, a successful cyber-attack could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, following detection, it could take considerable time for us to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised.  during the course of an investigation, we may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident.
the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated from a variety of sources, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or our systems. in the event that a cyber-attack is successful, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. for a discussion of the guidance that federal banking regulators have released regarding cybersecurity and cyber risk management standards, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business.
we rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, including due to hacking or other similar attempts to breach information technology security protocols, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. although we have established policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful and that any such failure, interruption or
28
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems could require us to devote substantial resources (including management time and attention) to recovery and response efforts, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. although we maintain insurance coverage for information security events, we may incur losses as a result of such events that are not insured against or not fully covered by our insurance.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology.
we rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions and the provision of information technology and business process services. for example, (i) unaffiliated third parties operate data communications networks on which certain components and services relating to our online banking system rely, (ii) third parties host or maintain many of our applications, including our commercial loan system, which is hosted and maintained by automated financial systems, inc., (iii) fidelity national information services, inc. maintains our core deposits system, and (iv) ibm corporation provides us with a wide range of information technology support services, including end user, data center, network, mainframe, storage and database services. the success of our business depends in part on the continuing ability of these (and other) third parties to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner, which performance could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected due to failures or other information security events originating at the third parties or at the third parties' suppliers or vendors (so-called "fourth party risk"). we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate fourth-party risk, in particular as it relates to the use of common suppliers or vendors by the third parties that perform functions and services for us. if we experience a disruption in the provision of any functions or services performed by third parties, we may have difficulty in finding alternate providers on terms favorable to us and in reasonable timeframes. if these services are not performed in a satisfactory manner, we would not be able to serve our customers well. in either situation, our business could incur significant costs and be adversely affected.
we are exposed to reputational risk and the risk of damage to our brands and the brands of our affiliates.
our success and results depend, in part, on our reputation and the strength of our brands. we are vulnerable to adverse market perception as we operate in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. we are exposed to the risk that litigation, employee misconduct, operational failures, the outcome of regulatory or other investigations or actions, press speculation and negative publicity, among other factors, could damage our brands or reputation. our brands and reputation could also be harmed if we sell products or services that do not perform as expected or customers' expectations for the product are not satisfied.
we may be adversely affected by unpredictable catastrophic events or terrorist attacks and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from serious disaster.
the occurrence of catastrophic events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes and other large-scale catastrophes and terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if a catastrophe rendered both our production data center in rhode island and our recovery data center in north carolina unusable. although we enhanced our disaster recovery capabilities in 2016 through the completion of the new, out-of-region backup data center in north carolina, there can be no assurance that our current disaster recovery plans and capabilities will adequately protect us from serious disaster.
risks related to our industry any deterioration in national economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is affected by national economic conditions, as well as perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. changes in such economic conditions are not predictable and cannot be controlled. adverse economic conditions could require us to charge off a higher percentage of loans and increase the provision for credit losses, which would reduce our net income and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, our business was significantly affected by the global economic and financial crisis that began in 2008. the falling home prices, increased rate of foreclosure and high levels of unemployment in the united states triggered significant write-downs by us and other financial institutions. these write-downs adversely impacted our financial results in material respects. although the u.s. economy
29
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors continues to recover, an interruption or reversal of this recovery would adversely affect the financial services industry and banking sector.
we operate in an industry that is highly competitive, which could result in losing business or margin declines and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive industry. the industry could become even more competitive as a result of reform of the financial services industry resulting from the dodd-frank act and other legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. we face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions and from numerous other providers of financial services, including non-banking financial institutions that are not subject to the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, securities firms and insurance companies, and competitors that may have greater financial resources.
with respect to non-banking financial institutions, technology and other changes have lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. for example, consumers can maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. the process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation," could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. as a result of these and other sources of competition, we could lose business to competitors or be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain or attract clients, either of which would adversely affect our profitability and business.
the conditions of other financial institutions or of the financial services industry could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions.
financial services institutions are typically interconnected as a result of trading, investment, liquidity management, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. within the financial services industry, the default by any one institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other institutions, as the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions are closely related as a result of these credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by various institutions. this systemic risk may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis, or key funding providers such as the fhlbs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to regulations governing our industry as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation that could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a financial holding company and a bank holding company, we are subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the frb. in addition, cbna is subject to comprehensive regulation, supervision and examination by the occ. our regulators supervise us through regular examinations and other means that allow the regulators to gauge management's ability to identify, assess and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. in the course of their supervision and examinations, our regulators may require improvements in various areas. if we are unable to implement and maintain any required actions in a timely and effective manner, we could become subject to informal (non-public) or formal (public) supervisory actions and public enforcement orders that could lead to significant restrictions on our existing business or on our ability to engage in any new business. such forms of supervisory action could include, without limitation, written agreements, cease and desist orders, and consent orders and may, among other things, result in restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, requirements to increase capital, restrictions on our activities, the imposition of civil monetary penalties, and enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders. we could also be required to dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period. the terms of any such supervisory or enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
30
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors we are a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company pursuant to the bank holding company act. financial holding companies are allowed to engage in certain financial activities in which a bank holding company is not otherwise permitted to engage. however, to maintain financial holding company status, a bank holding company (and all of its depository institution subsidiaries) must be "well capitalized" and "well managed." if a bank holding company ceases to meet these capital and management requirements, there are many penalties it would be faced with, including (i) the frb may impose limitations or conditions on the conduct of its activities, and (ii) it may not undertake any of the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies or acquire a company engaged in such financial activities without prior approval of the frb. if a company does not return to compliance within 180 days, which period may be extended, the frb may require divestiture of that company's depository institutions. to the extent we do not meet the requirements to be a financial holding company in the future, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be unable to disclose some restrictions or limitations on our operations imposed by our regulators.
from time to time, bank regulatory agencies take supervisory actions that restrict or limit a financial institution's activities and lead it to raise capital or subject it to other requirements. directives issued to enforce such actions may be confidential and thus, in some instances, we are not permitted to publicly disclose these actions. in addition, as part of our regular examination process, our and cbna's respective regulators may advise us or cbna to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. any such actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could adversely affect our costs and revenues. moreover, efforts to comply with any such nonpublic supervisory actions or restrictions may require material investments in additional resources and systems, as well as a significant commitment of managerial time and attention. as a result, such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations; and, in certain instances, we may not be able to publicly disclose these matters.
the regulatory environment in which we operate continues to be subject to significant and evolving regulatory requirements that could have a material adverse effect on our business and earnings.
we are heavily regulated by multiple banking, consumer protection, securities and other regulatory authorities at the federal and state levels. this regulatory oversight is primarily established to protect depositors, the fdic's deposit insurance fund, consumers of financial products, and the financial system as a whole, not our security holders. changes to statutes, regulations, rules or policies, including the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of statutes, regulations, rules or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including by, for example, subjecting us to additional costs, limiting the types of financial services and other products we may offer, limiting our ability to pursue acquisitions and increasing the ability of third parties, including non-banks, to offer competing financial services and products. in recent years, we, together with the rest of the financial services industry, have faced particularly intense scrutiny, with many new regulatory initiatives and vigorous oversight and enforcement on the part of numerous regulatory and governmental authorities. legislatures and regulators have pursued a broad array of initiatives intended to promote the safety and soundness of financial institutions, financial market stability, the transparency and liquidity of financial markets, and consumer and investor protection. certain regulators and law enforcement authorities have also recently required admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters brought by them against financial institutions. any such resolution of a matter involving us could lead to increased exposure to civil litigation, could adversely affect our reputation, could result in penalties or limitations on our ability to do business or engage in certain activities and could have other negative effects. in addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, including by multiple federal and state regulators and other governmental authorities.
we are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of our customers, employees, counterparties and others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with those laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and our reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase.
there have been significant revisions to the laws and regulations applicable to citizens that have been enacted or proposed in recent months. these and other rules to implement the changes have yet to be finalized, and the final timing, scope and impact of these changes to the regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions remain uncertain. for more information on the regulations to which we are subject and recent initiatives
31
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors to reform financial institution regulation, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity standards, and if we fail to meet these standards our financial condition and operations would be adversely affected.
we are subject to several capital adequacy and liquidity standards. to the extent that we are unable to meet these standards, our ability to make distributions of capital will be limited and we may be subject to additional supervisory actions and limitations on our activities. see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital and regulatory requirements" and "- liquidity" in part ii, item 7, included in this report, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
we could be required to act as a "source of strength" to cbna, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
frb policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. the dodd-frank act codified this policy as a statutory requirement. this support may be required by the frb at times when we might otherwise determine not to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of cfg or our stockholders or creditors, and may include one or more of the following:
   we may be compelled to contribute capital to cbna, including by engaging in a public offering to raise such capital. furthermore, any extensions of credit from us to cbna that are included in cbna's capital would be subordinate in right of payment to depositors and certain other indebtedness of cbna.
   in the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment that the bank holding company had been required to make to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.
   in the event of impairment of the capital stock of cbna, we, as cbna's stockholder, could be required to pay such deficiency.
we depend on cbna for most of our revenue, and restrictions on dividends and other distributions by cbna could affect our liquidity and ability to fulfill our obligations.
as a bank holding company, we are a separate and distinct legal entity from cbna, our banking subsidiary. we typically receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from cbna. these dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our equity and interest and principal on our debt. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that cbna may pay to us. also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. in the event cbna is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. the inability to receive dividends from cbna could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "supervision and regulation" in part i, item 1 - business, and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital and regulatory matters" in part ii, item 7, included in this report.
from time-to-time, we may become or are subject to regulatory actions that may have a material impact on our business.
we may become or are involved, from time to time, in reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. these regulatory actions involve, among other matters, accounting, compliance and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief that may require changes to our business or otherwise materially impact our business.
in regulatory actions, such as those referred to above, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or whether it is possible to reasonably estimate the amount of any loss. we cannot predict with certainty if, how or when such proceedings will be resolved or what the eventual fine, penalty or other relief, conditions or restrictions, if any, may be, particularly for actions that are in their early stages of investigation. we may be required to make significant restitution payments to cbna customers arising from certain compliance issues and also may be required to pay civil money penalties in connection with certain of these issues. this uncertainty makes it difficult to estimate probable losses, which, in turn, can lead to substantial disparities between the reserves
32
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors we may establish for such proceedings and the eventual settlements, fines, or penalties. adverse regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are and may be subject to litigation that may have a material impact on our business.
our operations are diverse and complex and we operate in legal and regulatory environments that expose us to potentially significant litigation risk. in the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a financial services institution, including with respect to alleged unfair or deceptive business practices and mis-selling of certain products. certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress. moreover, a number of recent judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed "lender liability." generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. this could increase the amount of private litigation to which we are subject. for more information regarding ongoing significant legal proceedings in which we may be involved, see note 18 "commitments and contingencies" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involve significant cost and effort.
we are subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism. monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and poses significant technical challenges. although we believe our current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we cannot guarantee that our anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. any such failure events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and activity restrictions, or have to restructure, if the frb and fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is not credible.
bank holding companies with more than $100 billion in assets are currently required to submit resolution plans that, in the event of material financial distress or failure, establish the rapid, orderly and systemically safe liquidation of the company under the u.s. bankruptcy code. separately, insured depository institutions with more than $50 billion in assets must submit to the fdic a resolution plan whereby they can be resolved in a manner that is orderly and that ensures that depositors will receive access to insured funds within certain required timeframes. if the frb and the fdic jointly determine that the resolution plan of a bank holding company is not credible, and the company fails to cure the deficiencies in a timely manner, then the frb and the fdic may jointly impose on the company, or on any of its subsidiaries, more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or require the divestment of certain assets or operations. if the frb and the fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is not credible or would not facilitate our orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code, we could become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements or business restrictions, or have to divest certain of our assets or businesses. any such measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
33
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors risks related to our common stock our stock price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result.
you should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuation in the market value of your investment. the market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the factors described in this "risk factors" section, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. these factors include:
   quarterly variations in our results of operations or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
   changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
   our announcements or our competitors' announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
   fluctuations in the market valuations of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
   future sales of our common stock;
   additions or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel;
   changes in industry conditions or perceptions; and
   changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations and other dynamics.
furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market price of equity securities of many companies. these fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. these broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to securities class action litigation that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
we may not repurchase shares or pay cash dividends on our common stock.
holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. this could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. also, as a bank holding company, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the rules of the frb regarding capital adequacy and dividends. additionally, we are required to submit periodic capital plans to the frb for review, or otherwise obtain frb authorization, before we can take certain capital actions, including repurchasing shares, declaring and paying dividends, or repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. if our capital plan or any amendment to our capital plan is objected to for any reason, our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. further, if we are unable to satisfy the capital requirements applicable to us for any reason, we may be limited in our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends on our capital stock. see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report, for further discussion of the regulations to which we are subject.
"anti-takeover" provisions and the regulations to which we are subject may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders.
we are a bank holding company incorporated in the state of delaware. anti-takeover provisions in delaware law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as regulatory approvals that would be required under federal law, could make it more difficult for a third party to take control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of our common stock. these provisions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could reduce the amount that stockholders might get if we are sold.
we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board and by providing our board with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be determined to be beneficial by some
34
citizens financial group, inc.
risk factors stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board determines is not in our best interest and that of our stockholders.
furthermore, banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an fdic-insured depository institution. these laws include the bank holding company act and the change in bank control act.
35
citizens financial group, inc.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page introduction                                                                     42
financial performance                                                            44
key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations        102
results of operations - 2018 compared with 2017                                  46
net income                                                                       46
net interest income                                                              47
noninterest income                                                               50
provision for credit losses                                                      50
noninterest expense                                                              50
income tax expense                                                               51
business operating segments                                                      51
results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016                                  56
net income                                                                       56
net interest income                                                              57
noninterest income                                                               60
provision for credit losses                                                      60
noninterest expense                                                              60
income tax expense                                                               61
business operating segments                                                      62
analysis of financial condition                                                  66
securities                                                                       66
loans and leases                                                                 67
allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets                             69
deposits                                                                         77
borrowed funds                                                                   78
quarterly results of operations                                                  80
capital and regulatory matters                                                   82
liquidity                                                                        86
contractual obligations                                                          90
off-balance sheet arrangements                                                   90
critical accounting estimates                                                    90
risk governance                                                                  93
market risk                                                                      96
41
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis introduction citizens financial group, inc. is one of the nation's oldest and largest financial institutions with $160.5 billion in assets as of december 31, 2018. our mission is to help our customers, colleagues and communities reach their potential. headquartered in providence, rhode island, we offer a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. we help our customers reach their potential by listening to them and by understanding their needs in order to offer tailored advice, ideas and solutions. in consumer banking, we provide an integrated experience that includes mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 2,900 atms and approximately 1,100 branches in 11 states in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions. consumer banking products and services include a full range of banking, lending, savings, wealth management and small business offerings. in commercial banking, we offer corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest rate products, and asset finance. more information is available at www.citizensbank.com.
the following md&a is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and supplemental financial information. it should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k, as well as other information contained in this document.
key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures as a banking institution, we manage and evaluate aspects of our results of operations and our financial condition. we evaluate the levels and trends of the line items included in our balance sheet and statement of operations, as well as various financial ratios that are commonly used in our industry. we analyze these ratios and financial trends against our own historical performance, our budgeted performance and the financial condition and performance of comparable banking institutions in our region and nationally.
the primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our statement of operations include net interest income, noninterest income, total revenue, provision for credit losses, noninterest expense, net income and net income available to common stockholders. the primary line items we use in our key performance metrics to manage and evaluate our balance sheet data include loans and leases, securities, allowance for credit losses, deposits, borrowed funds and derivatives.
we consider various measures when evaluating our performance and making day-to-day operating decisions, as well as evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
   return on average common equity, which we define as annualized net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity;
   return on average tangible common equity, which we define as annualized net income available to common stockholders divided by average common equity excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;
   return on average total assets, which we define as annualized net income divided by average total assets;
   return on average total tangible assets, which we define as annualized net income divided by average total assets excluding average goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability) and average other intangibles;
   efficiency ratio, which we define as the ratio of our total noninterest expense to the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income. we measure our efficiency ratio to evaluate the efficiency of our operations as it helps us monitor how costs are changing compared to our income. a decrease in our efficiency ratio represents improvement;
   operating leverage, which we define as the percent change in total revenue, less the percent change in noninterest expense;
   net interest margin, which we calculate by dividing annualized net interest income for the period by average total interest-earning assets, is a key measure that we use to evaluate our net interest income; and
   common equity tier 1 capital ratio, which represents cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
this document contains non-gaap financial measures denoted as "underlying" or "adjusted/underlying" results. underlying or adjusted/underlying results for any given reporting period exclude certain items that may
42
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis occur in that period which management does not consider indicative of the company's on-going financial performance. we believe these non-gaap financial measures provide useful information to investors because they are used by management to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions. in addition, we believe our underlying or adjusted/underlying results in any given reporting period reflect our on-going financial performance in that period and, accordingly, are useful to consider in addition to our gaap financial results. we further believe the presentation of underlying or adjusted/underlying results increases comparability of period-to-period results.
other companies may use similarly titled non-gaap financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. accordingly, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by such companies. we caution investors not to place undue reliance on such non-gaap financial measures, but to consider them with the most directly comparable gaap measures. non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results reported under gaap.
non-gaap measures are denoted throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" by the use of the term underlying or adjusted/underlying and/or are followed by an asterisk (*).
for additional information regarding our non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations, see "-key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations," included in this report.
43
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis financial performance
2018 compared with 2017 - key highlights full year 2018 net income of $1.7 billion increased $69 million, or 4%, from 2017, with earnings per diluted common share of $3.52, up 8% from $3.25 per diluted common share for 2017. 2018 rotce of 12.9% improved from 12.3% in 2017.
full year 2018 results include $16 million after-tax, or $0.04 per diluted common share, of notable items compared with $340 million after-tax, or $0.67 per diluted common share, in 2017 as outlined in the tables below.
the following table presents selected gaap and non-gaap measures:*
year ended december 31, 2018
(in millions)                                  noninterest income             noninterest expense            credit-related costs                 income tax expense               net income reported results (gaap)                                 $1,596                         $3,619                         $326                             $462                      $1,721
less: notable items tax legislation dtl adjustment                 -                              -                              -                                          (29   )        29
top efficiency initiatives and other actions   (1                )                         33                -                                           (8   )                     (26   )
famc integration costs                         (4                )                         21                -                                           (6   )                     (19   )
total notable items                                     ($5      )                        $54                         $-                               ($43   )                    ($16   )
underlying results (non-gaap)                           $1,601                         $3,565                         $326                             $505                      $1,737
* where there is a reference to "underlying" results in a paragraph, all measures that follow these references are on the same basis when applicable. for more information on the computation of key performance metrics and non-gaap financial measures, see "-introduction - key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures" and "-key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconciliations."
year ended december 31, 2017
(in millions)                                  noninterest income             noninterest expense            credit-related costs                 income tax expense               net income reported results (gaap)                                 $1,534                         $3,474                         $321                             $260                      $1,652
less: notable items tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                 -                              -                              -                                         (331   )                     331
colleague and community reinvestment           -                                           22                -                                           (9   )                     (13   )
settlement of certain tax matters              -                              -                              -                                          (23   )                      23
top efficiency initiatives                     -                                           15                -                                           (6   )                      (9   )
lease impairment credit-related costs          (11               )                         15                (26               )                          -                           -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction   17                             -                              -                          7                                            10
home equity operational items                  -                                            3                -                                           (1   )                      (2   )
total notable items                                     $6                                $55                         ($26     )                      ($363   )                    $340
underlying results (non-gaap)                           $1,528                         $3,419                         $347                             $623                      $1,312
   net income available to common stockholders of $1.7 billion increased $54 million, or 3%, compared to $1.6 billion in 2017.
   on an underlying basis,* net income available to common stockholders increased 32% led by revenue growth of 8%, with a 9% increase in net interest income and a 5% increase in noninterest income.
   total revenue of $6.1 billion increased $421 million, or 7%, from 2017, driven by strong net interest income and noninterest income growth:
   net interest income of $4.5 billion increased $359 million, or 9%, compared to $4.2 billion in 2017, driven by higher loan yields and 4% average loan growth.
44
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
   net interest margin of 3.19% increased 17 basis points, compared to 3.02% in 2017, reflecting the benefit of higher interest rates and continued mix shift towards higher-yielding assets, partially offset by higher deposit and other funding costs.
-   average loans and leases of $113.5 billion increased $4.2 billion, or 4%, from $109.3 billion in 2017, reflecting a $2.5 billion increase in commercial loans and leases and a $1.7 billion increase in retail loans.
-   average deposits of $115.9 billion increased $4.0 billion, or 4%, from $111.9 billion in 2017, reflecting strength in term, checking with interest, savings and demand deposits.
   noninterest income of $1.6 billion increased $62 million, or 4%, from 2017, driven by strength in mortgage banking fees, including the $57 million impact of the famc acquisition, as well as foreign exchange and interest rate products, trust and investment services fees, letter of credit and loan fees and card fees, partially offset by lower capital market fees and service charges and fees.
-   on an underlying basis,* noninterest income increased $73 million from $1.5 billion in 2017.
   noninterest expense of $3.6 billion increased $145 million, or 4%, compared to $3.5 billion in 2017, reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits driven by higher revenue-based incentives and merit increases, higher outside services expense, including continued investments to drive growth, $60 million of famc costs, primarily in salaries and employee benefits, and $54 million of notable items. these increases were partially offset by lower other operating expenses.
   on an underlying basis,* noninterest expense increased 4% from 2017.
   positive operating leverage was 3.2%, the efficiency ratio improved by 181 basis points to 59.1% compared to 2017, and rotce was 12.9%.
   on an underlying basis,* operating leverage was 3.3%, the efficiency ratio improved 183 basis points to 58.1% from 60.0% in 2017 and rotce increased 327 basis points to 13.1% from 9.8%.
   return on average common equity was 8.6% compared to 8.3% in 2017.
   on an underlying basis,* return on average common equity of 8.7% improved 207 basis points from 6.6% in 2017.
   earnings per diluted common share increased $0.27, or 8%, from 2017.
   on an underlying basis,* earnings per diluted common share increased $0.98, or 38%, from 2017.
   tangible book value per common share improved 5% to $28.73 from 2017. fully diluted average common shares outstanding decreased by 23.3 million shares from 2017.
   provision for credit losses of $326 million increased $5 million, or 2%, from $321 million in 2017.
   on an underlying basis,* total credit-related costs decreased $21 million, or 6%, from $347 million in 2017, driven primarily by the $26 million impact of 2017 aircraft lease impairments.
   net charge-offs of $317 million increased $12 million, or 4%, from $305 million in 2017. the alll of $1.2 billion increased $6 million compared to december 31, 2017.
   alll to total loans and leases of 1.06% decreased from 1.12% as of december 31, 2017.
   the alll to nonperforming loans and leases ratio of 156% increased from 142% as of december 31, 2017.
   the effective income tax rate increased to 21.2% from 13.6% in 2017, primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation.
   on an underlying basis,* the effective income tax rate decreased to 22.5% from 32.2% in 2017, primarily attributable to the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% under the 2017 tax legislation, partially offset by an increase in state and local income taxes and non-deductible fdic premiums.
45
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis results of operations - 2018 compared with 2017
net income the following table presents the significant components of our net income:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2018                       2017                      change         percent net interest income                                 $4,532                     $4,173                  $359               9     %
noninterest income                                   1,596                      1,534                    62               4
total revenue                                        6,128                      5,707                   421               7
provision for credit losses                            326                        321                     5               2
noninterest expense                                  3,619                      3,474                   145               4
income before income tax expense                     2,183                      1,912                   271              14
income tax expense                                     462                        260                   202              78
net income                                          $1,721                     $1,652                   $69               4     %
net income available to common stockholders         $1,692                     $1,638                   $54               3     %
return on average tangible common equity             12.94     %                12.35     %              59   bps return on equity and assets the following table presents our return on average total assets, return on average common equity, dividend payout ratio and average equity to average assets ratio:
december 31,
2018                                                     2017
return on average total assets            1.11   %       1.10    %
return on average common equity           8.62           8.35
dividend payout ratio                       28             20
average equity to average assets ratio   13.02          13.25
46
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income the following table presents the major components of net interest income and net interest margin:
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                         2017                                change
(dollars in millions)                                                                     averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates                averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates              averagebalances   yields/rates assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                             $1,579                     $29            1.82        %                 $1,807                     $18            0.96        %                ($228   )             86 bps taxable investment securities                                                              25,233                     672            2.66                          25,696                     625            2.43                          (463   )                 23
non-taxable investment securities                                                               6                       -            2.60                               7                       -            2.60                            (1   )                  -
total investment securities                                                                25,239                     672            2.66                          25,703                     625            2.43                          (464   )                 23
commercial                                                                                 39,363                   1,621            4.06                          37,631                   1,334            3.50                         1,732   56
commercial real estate                                                                     12,299                     557            4.47                          11,178                     402            3.55                         1,121   92
leases                                                                                      3,038                      82            2.71                           3,437                      86            2.50                          (399   )                 21
total commercial loans and leases                                                          54,700                   2,260            4.08                          52,246                   1,822            3.44                         2,454   64
residential mortgages                                                                      17,883                     644            3.60                          16,017                     571            3.57                         1,866   3
home equity loans                                                                           1,215                      72            5.91                           1,610                      91            5.68                          (395   )                 23
home equity lines of credit                                                                13,043                     592            4.54                          13,706                     514            3.75                          (663   )                 79
home equity loans serviced by others                                                          463                      34            7.36                             642                      46            7.09                          (179   )                 27
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                                124                       5            4.23                             181                       7            4.07                           (57   )                 16
automobile                                                                                 12,555                     461            3.68                          13,491                     442            3.27                          (936   )                 41
education                                                                                   8,486                     487            5.74                           7,557                     403            5.33                           929   41
credit cards                                                                                1,891                     202           10.68                           1,725                     185           10.75                           166                    (7)
other retail                                                                                3,113                     253            8.09                           2,117                     168            7.94                           996   15
total retail loans                                                                         58,773                   2,750            4.68                          57,046                   2,427            4.25                         1,727   43
total loans and leases (1)                                                                113,473                   5,010            4.39                         109,292                   4,249            3.87                         4,181   52
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                            844                      37            4.38                             490                      18            3.58                           354   80
other loans held for sale                                                                     164                      10            6.18                             190                      10            5.36                           (26   )                 82
interest-earning assets                                                                   141,299                   5,758            4.05                         137,482                   4,920            3.56                         3,817   49
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                        (1,245       )                                                          (1,225       )                                                           (20   )
goodwill                                                                                    6,912                                                                   6,883                                                                    29
other noninterest-earning assets                                                            7,587                                                                   6,813                                                                   774
total assets                                                                             $154,553                                                                $149,953                                                                $4,600
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                                    $21,856                    $138            0.63        %                $21,458                     $79            0.37        %                 $398                 26 bps money market accounts                                                                      36,497                     343            0.94                          37,450                     198            0.53                          (953   )                 41
regular savings                                                                            10,238                      15            0.15                           9,384                       4            0.04                           854   11
term deposits                                                                              18,035                     289            1.61                          15,448                     160            1.04                         2,587   57
total interest-bearing deposits                                                            86,626                     785            0.91                          83,740                     441            0.53                         2,886   38
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)                654                       6            0.94                             776                       3            0.38                          (122   )                 56
other short-term borrowed funds                                                             1,808                      57            3.18                           2,321                      31            1.32                          (513   )                186
long-term borrowed funds                                                                   13,455                     378            2.79                          12,479                     272            2.17                           976   62
total borrowed funds                                                                       15,917                     441            2.76                          15,576                     306            1.96                           341   80
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                        102,543                   1,226            1.19                          99,316                     747            0.75                         3,227   44
demand deposits                                                                            29,231                                                                  28,134                                                                 1,097
other liabilities                                                                           2,651                                                                   2,637                                                                    14
total liabilities                                                                         134,425                                                                 130,087                                                                 4,338
stockholders' equity                                                                       20,128                                                                  19,866                                                                   262
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                               $154,553                                                                $149,953                                                                $4,600
interest rate spread                                                                                                                 2.86        %                                                           2.81        %                                           5
net interest income                                                                                                $4,532                                                                  $4,173
net interest margin                                                                                                                  3.19        %                                                           3.02        %                                      17 bps memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                                       $115,857                    $785            0.68        %               $111,874                    $441            0.39        %               $3,983                 29 bps
(1) interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. additionally, $836 million and $970 million of average nonaccrual loans were included in the average loan balances used to determine the average yield on loans for december 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements, as applicable. interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. see "-analysis of financial condition - derivatives" for further information.
47
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest margin of 3.19% increased 17 basis points compared to 3.02% in the year ended 2017, driven by higher interest-earning asset yields given higher interest rates and continued mix shift toward higher-yielding assets. these results were partially offset by the impact of higher deposit and other funding costs. average interest-earning asset yields of 4.05% increased 49 basis points from 3.56% for the year ended 2017, while average interest-bearing liability costs of 1.19% increased 44 basis points from 0.75% for the year ended 2017.
average interest-earning assets of $141.3 billion increased $3.8 billion, or 3%, from the year ended 2017, driven by a $2.5 billion increase in average commercial loans and leases and a $1.7 billion increase in average retail loans, partially offset by a $692 million decrease in average investments and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. commercial loan growth was driven by commercial and commercial real estate. retail loan growth was driven by residential mortgage, education and other retail.
average deposits of $115.9 billion increased $4.0 billion from the year ended 2017, reflecting growth in term deposits, savings, demand deposits, and checking with interest. total interest-bearing deposit costs of $785 million increased $344 million, or 78%, from $441 million in 2017, primarily due to rising rates.
average total borrowed funds of $15.9 billion increased $341 million from the year ended 2017, reflecting an increase in long term borrowed funds, primarily senior debt, partially offset by a decrease in other short-term borrowed funds and a decrease in federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements. the total borrowed funds costs of 2.76% increased 80 basis points from 1.96% for the year ended 2017 due to an increase in long-term rates and a mix shift to long-term senior debt.
48
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the change in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both average volume and average rate. average volume and rate changes have been allocated between the average rate and average volume variances on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
year ended december 31,
2018 versus 2017
(in millions)                                                                    average volume         average rate         net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                       ($2      )           $13                 $11
taxable investment securities                                                        (11      )            58                  47
non-taxable investment securities                                                      -                    -                   -
total investment securities                                                          (11      )            58                  47
commercial                                                                            61                  226                 287
commercial real estate                                                                40                  115                 155
leases                                                                               (10      )             6                  (4   )
total commercial loans and leases                                                     91                  347                 438
residential mortgages                                                                 67                    6                  73
home equity loans                                                                    (22      )             3                 (19   )
home equity lines of credit                                                          (25      )           103                  78
home equity loans serviced by others                                                 (13      )             1                 (12   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                        (2      )             -                  (2   )
automobile                                                                           (31      )            50                  19
education                                                                             50                   34                  84
credit cards                                                                          18                   (1      )           17
other retail                                                                          79                    6                  85
total retail loans                                                                   121                  202                 323
total loans and leases                                                               212                  549                 761
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                    13                    6                  19
other loans held for sale                                                             (1      )             1                   -
total interest income                                                               $211                 $627                $838
interest expense checking with interest                                                                $1                  $58                 $59
money market accounts                                                                 (5      )           150                 145
regular savings                                                                        -                   11                  11
term deposits                                                                         27                  102                 129
total interest-bearing deposits                                                       23                  321                 344
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase             -                    3                   3
other short-term borrowed funds                                                       (7      )            33                  26
long-term borrowed funds                                                              21                   85                 106
total borrowed funds                                                                  14                  121                 135
total interest expense                                                                37                  442                 479
net interest income                                                                 $174                 $185                $359
49
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis noninterest income the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest income:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2018                       2017               change           percent service charges and fees                              $513                       $516                  ($3   )            (1   %)
card fees                                              244                        233                   11                 5
capital markets fees                                   179                        194                  (15   )            (8    )
trust and investment services fees                     171                        158                   13                 8
mortgage banking fees                                  152                        108                   44                41
letter of credit and loan fees                         128                        121                    7                 6
foreign exchange and interest rate products            126                        109                   17                16
securities gains, net                                   19                         11                    8                73
other income(1)                                         64                         84                  (20   )           (24    )
noninterest income(2)                               $1,596                     $1,534                  $62                 4    %
(1) includes net securities impairment losses on debt securities available for sale recognized in earnings, bank-owned life insurance income and other income.
(2) 2018 noninterest income amounts reflect the adoption of asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606).
noninterest income of $1.6 billion in 2018, increased $62 million, or 4%, compared to $1.5 billion in 2017, driven by strength in mortgage banking fees, reflecting the $57 million impact of famc, as well as foreign exchange and interest rate products, trust and investment services fees, card fees and letter of credit and loan fees, partially offset by lower capital market fees and service charges and fees. excluding the impact of notable items and 2017 aircraft finance lease impairments, underlying noninterest income* for the year ended 2018 increased $73 million, or 5%.
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses of $326 million increased $5 million, or 2%, from $321 million in 2017, which reflected moderately lower reserve growth and partially offset slightly higher net charge-offs. full year 2018 results reflected a $9 million reserve build, compared to a $16 million reserve build in 2017. net charge-offs in 2018 of $317 million were $12 million higher compared to 2017. on an underlying basis,* total credit-related costs decreased $21 million, primarily due to the impact of 2017 aircraft lease impairments.
the provision for loan and lease losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate an appropriate and adequate alll. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets" for more information.
noninterest expense the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest expense:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                               2018                       2017                change           percent salaries and employee benefits(1)         $1,880                     $1,766                  $114                 6   %
outside services                             447                        404                    43                11
occupancy                                    333                        319                    14                 4
equipment expense                            275                        263                    12                 5
amortization of software                     189                        180                     9                 5
other operating expense(1)                   495                        542                   (47   )            (9   )
noninterest expense                       $3,619                     $3,474                  $145                 4   %
(1) salaries and employee benefits and other operating expense amounts reflect the impact of the adoption of asu 2017-07, compensation - retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost.
noninterest expense of $3.6 billion in 2018 increased $145 million, or 4%, compared to 2017, reflecting higher salaries and employee benefits driven by higher revenue-based incentives and merit increases, as well as higher outside services expense, including continued investments to drive growth. full year 2018 results also reflected
50
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
$60 million of famc costs, primarily in salaries and employee benefits, and $54 million of famc integration costs and other notable items. these increases were partially offset by lower other operating expenses. excluding famc integration costs, other notable items and the impact of 2017 aircraft operating lease impairments, underlying noninterest expense* increased $146 million, or 4%.
income tax expense income tax expense of $462 million increased $202 million, or 78%, from $260 million in 2017. the 2018 effective tax rate of 21.2% increased from 13.6% in 2017, primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation. on an underlying basis,* the effective income tax rate decreased to 22.5% from 32.2% in 2017, primarily attributable to the reduction in the federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% under the 2017 tax legislation, partially offset by an increase in state and local income taxes and non-deductible fdic premiums.
at december 31, 2018, our net deferred tax liability of $573 million compared to a $571 million liability at december 31, 2017. the increase in the net deferred tax liability was primarily attributable to the tax effect of differences in the timing of deductions and income items for financial statement purposes versus taxable income purposes almost fully offset by the tax effect of the net unrealized losses on securities and derivatives arising during the period. for further discussion, see note 22 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report.
business operating segments the following tables present certain financial data of our business operating segments, other and consolidated:
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018
(dollars in millions)                                      consumer banking                commercial banking              other (4)                         consolidated net interest income(1)                                       $3,064                           $1,497                            ($29     )                  $4,532
noninterest income                                              973                              545                              78                         1,596
total revenue                                                 4,037                            2,042                              49                         6,128
noninterest expense                                           2,723                              813                              83                         3,619
profit before provision for credit losses                     1,314                            1,229                             (34     )                   2,509
provision for credit losses                                     289                               26                              11                           326
income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)             1,025                            1,203                             (45     )                   2,183
income tax expense (benefit)                                    258                              276                             (72     )                     462
net income                                                     $767                             $927                             $27                        $1,721
loans and leases (period-end) (2)                           $62,250                          $53,439                          $2,291                      $117,980
average balances:
total assets                                                $62,444                          $52,362                         $39,747                      $154,553
total loans and leases (2)                                   60,691                           51,344                           2,446                       114,481
deposits                                                     77,542                           30,704                           7,611                       115,857
interest-earning assets                                      60,743                           51,572                          28,984                       141,299
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                            5.04       %                     2.90        %                     nm                          3.19      %
efficiency ratio                                              67.47                            39.80                              nm                         59.06
loans-to-deposits ratio (average balances)(3)                 77.42                           166.09                              nm                         97.94
return on average total tangible assets                        1.23                             1.77                              nm                          1.16
(1) we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments. in first quarter 2018, we enhanced our assumptions for the liquidity and deposit components within our ftp methodology which provides a credit for sources of funds and a charge for the use of funds by each business operating segment. the enhancement largely provides increased credit for the stability of deposit composition, and an increased charge for unused commitments under lending arrangements. prior periods have not been adjusted for this change.
(2) includes loans held for sale
(3) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
(4)  includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses, expenses and income tax expense, not attributed to our consumer banking or commercial banking segments. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - non-core assets."
51
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis we have two business operating segments: consumer banking and commercial banking. segment results are derived by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses. non-segment operations are classified as other, which includes corporate functions, the treasury function, the securities portfolio, wholesale funding activities, intangible assets, community development, non-core assets (including legacy royal bank of scotland group plc aircraft loan and leasing), and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses, expenses and income tax expense. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets - non-core assets." in addition, other includes goodwill and any associated goodwill impairment charges. for impairment testing purposes, we allocate goodwill to consumer banking and commercial banking reporting units.
our capital levels are evaluated and managed centrally; however, capital is allocated on a risk-adjusted basis considering economic and regulatory capital requirements to the business operating segments to support evaluation of business performance. because funding and asset liability management is a central function, funds transfer-pricing ("ftp") methodologies are utilized to allocate a cost of funds used, or credit for the funds provided, to all business operating segment assets, liabilities and capital, respectively, using a matched-funding concept. the residual effect on net interest income of asset/liability management, including the residual net interest income related to the ftp process, is included in other. we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments.
provision for credit losses is allocated to each business operating segment based on respective actual net charge-offs. the difference between the consolidated provision for credit losses and the business operating segments' net charge-offs is reflected in other.
noninterest income and expense are directly attributed to each business operating segment, including fees, service charges, salaries and benefits, and other direct revenues and costs and are respectively accounted for in a manner similar to our consolidated financial statements. occupancy costs are allocated based on utilization of facilities by each business operating segment. noninterest expenses incurred by centrally managed operations or business operating segments that directly support another business operating segment's operations are charged to the applicable business operating segment based on its utilization of those services.
income taxes are assessed to each business operating segment at a standard tax rate with the residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate included in other.
developing and applying methodologies used to allocate items among the business operating segments is a dynamic process. accordingly, financial results may be revised periodically as management systems are enhanced, methods of evaluating performance or product lines are updated, or our organizational structure changes.
52
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis consumer banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                      2018                              2017                            change       percent net interest income(1)                                   $3,064                            $2,651                      $413                    16   %
noninterest income                                          973                               905                        68                     8
total revenue                                             4,037                             3,556                       481                    14
noninterest expense                                       2,723                             2,593                       130                     5
profit before provision for credit losses                 1,314                               963                       351                    36
provision for credit losses                                 289                               265                        24                     9
income before income tax expense                          1,025                               698                       327                    47
income tax expense                                          258                               246                        12                     5
net income                                                 $767                              $452                      $315                    70
loans (period-end) (2)                                  $62,250                           $60,096                    $2,154                     4
average balances:
total assets                                            $62,444                           $59,714                    $2,730                     5   %
total loans and leases (2)                               60,691                            58,371                     2,320                     4
deposits                                                 77,542                            74,873                     2,669                     4
interest-earning assets                                  60,743                            58,422                     2,321                     4
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                        5.04       %                      4.54       %                50     bps efficiency ratio                                          67.47                             72.93                      (546   ) bps loans-to-deposits ratio (average balances)(3)             77.42                             77.49                        (7   ) bps return on average total tangible assets                    1.23                              0.76                        47     bps
(1) we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments. in first quarter 2018, we enhanced our assumptions for the liquidity and deposit components within our ftp methodology which provides a credit for sources of funds and a charge for the use of funds by each business operating segment. the enhancement largely provides increased credit for the stability of deposit composition, and an increased charge for unused commitments under lending arrangements. prior periods have not been adjusted for this change.
(2)  includes loans held for sale.
(3) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
consumer banking net interest income of $3.1 billion increased $413 million, or 16%, from 2017, driven by the impact of an ftp methodology enhancement as well as the benefit of a $2.3 billion increase in average loans led by residential mortgage, education and unsecured retail with higher loan yields that included the benefit of higher rates and continued mix shift towards higher yielding assets, partially offset by an increase in deposit costs. noninterest income increased $68 million, or 8%, from 2017, driven by a $57 million increase in mortgage banking fees related to famc, and higher trust and investment services fees. noninterest expense of $2.7 billion increased $130 million, or 5%, from 2017, driven by a $60 million increase related to famc, higher salaries and benefits, occupancy expense, outside services, and advertising. provision for credit losses of $289 million increased $24 million, or 9%, from $265 million for the year ended 2017, reflecting balance growth and seasoning in unsecured retail and education.
53
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis commercial banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                    2018                              2017                          change       percent net interest income(1)                                 $1,497                            $1,411                       $86                   6   %
noninterest income                                        545                               538                         7                   1
total revenue                                           2,042                             1,949                        93                   5
noninterest expense                                       813                               772                        41                   5
profit before provision for credit losses               1,229                             1,177                        52                   4
provision for credit losses                                26                                19                         7                  37
income before income tax expense                        1,203                             1,158                        45                   4
income tax expense                                        276                               384                      (108     )           (28   )
net income                                               $927                              $774                      $153                  20
loans and leases (period-end) (2)                     $53,439                           $48,623                    $4,816                  10
average balances:
total assets                                          $52,362                           $49,747                    $2,615                   5   %
total loans and leases (2)                             51,344                            48,655                     2,689                   6
deposits                                               30,704                            30,005                       699                   2
interest-earning assets                                51,572                            48,802                     2,770                   6
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                      2.90       %                      2.89       %                 1   bps efficiency ratio                                        39.80                             39.62                        18   bps average loans to average deposits ratio (3)            166.09                            161.15                       494   bps return on average total tangible assets                  1.77                              1.56                        21   bps
(1) we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments. in first quarter 2018, we enhanced our assumptions for the liquidity and deposit components within our ftp methodology which provides a credit for sources of funds and a charge for the use of funds by each business operating segment. the enhancement largely provides increased credit for the stability of deposit composition, and an increased charge for unused commitments under lending arrangements. prior periods have not been adjusted for this change.
(2)  includes loans held for sale.
(3) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
commercial banking net interest income of $1.5 billion increased $86 million, or 6%, from $1.4 billion for 2017, reflecting a $2.7 billion increase in average loans and leases and a $699 million increase in average deposits. noninterest income of $545 million increased $7 million, or 1%, from $538 million for 2017, reflecting strength in foreign exchange fees, card fees and letter of credit and loan fees, partially offset by decreases in capital market fees. noninterest expense of $813 million increased $41 million, or 5%, from $772 million for 2017, largely driven by higher salaries and benefits expense and outside services. provision for credit losses of $26 million increased $7 million from 2017, driven by higher net charge-offs in 2018.
54
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis other as of and for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                          2018                              2017                    change           percent net interest income(1)                                 ($29       )                      $111                     ($140   )          (126   %)
noninterest income                                       78                                91                       (13   )           (14   )
total revenue                                            49                               202                      (153   )           (76   )
noninterest expense                                      83                               109                       (26   )           (24   )
profit before provision for credit losses               (34       )                        93                      (127   )          (137   )
provision for credit losses                              11                                37                       (26   )           (70   )
(loss) income before income tax benefit                 (45       )                        56                      (101   )          (180   )
income tax benefit                                      (72       )                      (370       )               298                81
net income                                              $27                              $426                     ($399   )           (94   )
loans and leases (period-end)(2)                     $2,291                            $2,616                     ($325   )           (12   )
average balances:
total assets                                        $39,747                           $40,492                     ($745   )            (2   %)
total loans and leases(2)                             2,446                             2,946                      (500   )           (17   )
deposits                                              7,611                             6,996                       615                 9
interest-earning assets                              28,984                            30,258                    (1,274   )            (4   )
(1) we periodically evaluate and refine our methodologies used to measure financial performance of our business operating segments. in first quarter 2018, we enhanced our assumptions for the liquidity and deposit components within our ftp methodology which provides a credit for sources of funds and a charge for the use of funds by each business operating segment. the enhancement largely provides increased credit for the stability of deposit composition, and an increased charge for unused commitments under lending arrangements. prior periods have not been adjusted for this change.
(2)  includes loans held for sale.
other net income of $27 million decreased from $426 million for 2017, primarily driven by a $331 million benefit attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation. other net interest income decreased $140 million reflecting an ftp methodology enhancement, higher funding costs, the declining benefit of swaps and non-core portfolio runoff. results also reflected lower net charge-offs and a reserve build of $9 million for 2018 compared to a reserve build of $16 million for 2017.
55
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016
net income the following table presents the significant components of our net income for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                 2017                       2016                      change         percent net interest income                                 $4,173                     $3,758                  $415              11     %
noninterest income                                   1,534                      1,497                    37               2
total revenue                                        5,707                      5,255                   452               9
provision for credit losses                            321                        369                   (48     )       (13     )
noninterest expense                                  3,474                      3,352                   122               4
income before income tax expense                     1,912                      1,534                   378              25
income tax expense                                     260                        489                  (229     )       (47     )
net income                                          $1,652                     $1,045                  $607              58     %
net income available to common stockholders         $1,638                     $1,031                  $607              59     %
return on average tangible common equity             12.35     %                 7.74     %             461   bps return on equity and assets the following table presents our return on average total assets, return on average common equity, dividend payout ratio and average equity to average assets ratio:
december 31,
2017                                                     2016
return on average total assets            1.10   %       0.73    %
return on average common equity           8.35           5.23
dividend payout ratio                    19.62          23.30
average equity to average assets ratio   13.25          13.93
56
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income the following table presents the major components of net interest income and net interest margin:
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016                                change
(dollars in millions)                                                                     averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates                averagebalances         income/expense      yields/rates              averagebalances   yields/rates assets interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                             $1,807                     $18            0.96        %                 $1,931                      $8            0.41        %                ($124       )         55 bps taxable investment securities                                                              25,696                     625            2.43                          24,643                     584            2.37                         1,053                      6
non-taxable investment securities                                                               7                       -            2.60                               8                       -            2.60                            (1       )              -
total investment securities                                                                25,703                     625            2.43                          24,651                     584            2.37                         1,052                      6
commercial                                                                                 37,631                   1,334            3.50                          35,652                   1,136            3.13                         1,979                     37
commercial real estate                                                                     11,178                     402            3.55                           9,741                     278            2.81                         1,437                     74
leases                                                                                      3,437                      86            2.50                           3,841                      93            2.41                          (404       )              9
total commercial loans and leases                                                          52,246                   1,822            3.44                          49,234                   1,507            3.01                         3,012                     43
residential mortgages                                                                      16,017                     571            3.57                          14,005                     504            3.60                         2,012                    (3)
home equity loans                                                                           1,610                      91            5.68                           2,180                     123            5.64                          (570       )              4
home equity lines of credit                                                                13,706                     514            3.75                          14,402                     457            3.18                          (696       )             57
home equity loans serviced by others                                                          642                      46            7.09                             867                      62            7.11                          (225       )            (2)
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                                181                       7            4.07                             281                       7            2.41                          (100       )            166
automobile                                                                                 13,491                     442            3.27                          13,953                     411            2.94                          (462       )             33
education                                                                                   7,557                     403            5.33                           5,558                     282            5.08                         1,999                     25
credit cards                                                                                1,725                     185           10.75                           1,620                     181           11.22                           105                   (47)
other retail                                                                                2,117                     168            7.94                           1,288                     119            9.23                           829                  (129)
total retail loans                                                                         57,046                   2,427            4.25                          54,154                   2,146            3.96                         2,892                     29
total loans and leases (1)                                                                109,292                   4,249            3.87                         103,388                   3,653            3.51                         5,904                     36
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                            490                      18            3.58                             425                      15            3.40                            65                     18
other loans held for sale                                                                     190                      10            5.36                             141                       6            4.55                            49                     81
interest-earning assets                                                                   137,482                   4,920            3.56                         130,536                   4,266            3.25                         6,946                     31
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                        (1,225       )                                                          (1,227       )                                                             2
goodwill                                                                                    6,883                                                                   6,876                                                                     7
other noninterest-earning assets                                                            6,813                                                                   6,998                                                                  (185       )
total assets                                                                             $149,953                                                                $143,183                                                                $6,770
liabilities and stockholders' equity checking with interest                                                                    $21,458                     $79            0.37        %                $19,320                     $34            0.18        %               $2,138                 19 bps money market accounts                                                                      37,450                     198            0.53                          37,106                     133            0.36                           344                     17
regular savings                                                                             9,384                       4            0.04                           8,691                       4            0.04                           693                      -
term deposits                                                                              15,448                     160            1.04                          12,696                      99            0.78                         2,752                     26
total interest-bearing deposits                                                            83,740                     441            0.53                          77,813                     270            0.35                         5,927                     18
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)                776                       3            0.38                             947                       2            0.22                          (171       )             16
other short-term borrowed funds                                                             2,321                      31            1.32                           3,207                      40            1.22                          (886       )             10
long-term borrowed funds                                                                   12,479                     272            2.17                          10,472                     196            1.86                         2,007                     31
total borrowed funds                                                                       15,576                     306            1.96                          14,626                     238            1.62                           950                     34
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                         99,316                     747            0.75                          92,439                     508            0.55                         6,877                     20
demand deposits                                                                            28,134                                                                  27,634                                                                   500
other liabilities                                                                           2,637                                                                   3,165                                                                  (528       )
total liabilities                                                                         130,087                                                                 123,238                                                                 6,849
stockholders' equity                                                                       19,866                                                                  19,945                                                                   (79       )
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                               $149,953                                                                $143,183                                                                $6,770
interest rate spread                                                                                                                 2.81        %                                                           2.70        %                                          11
net interest income                                                                                                $4,173                                                                  $3,758
net interest margin                                                                                                                  3.02        %                                                           2.86        %                                      16 bps memo: total deposits (interest-bearing and demand)                                       $111,874                    $441            0.39        %               $105,447                    $270            0.26        %               $6,427                 13 bps
(1) interest income and rates on loans include loan fees. additionally, $970 million and $1.1 billion of average nonaccrual loans were included in the average loan balances used to determine the average yield on loans for december 2017 and 2016.
(2) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements. interest expense includes the full cost of the repurchase agreements and certain hedging costs. the rate on federal funds purchased is elevated due to the impact from pay-fixed interest rate swaps that ran off in 2016. see "-analysis of financial condition- derivatives" for further information.
57
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis net interest income of $4.2 billion in the year ended 2017 increased $415 million, or 11%, compared to $3.8 billion in the year ended 2016, reflecting 6% average loan growth and a 16 basis point improvement in net interest margin.
average interest-earning assets of $137.5 billion increased $6.9 billion, or 5%, from the year ended 2016, driven by a $3.0 billion increase in average commercial loans and leases, a $2.9 billion increase in average retail loans, and a $928 million increase in average investments and interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks. commercial loan growth was driven by strength in commercial and commercial real estate. retail loan growth was driven by strength in residential mortgages, education, and other retail balances.
average deposits of $111.9 billion increased $6.4 billion from the year ended 2016, reflecting growth in all categories with particular strength in checking with interest and term deposits. total interest-bearing deposit costs of $441 million increased $171, or 63%, from $270 million in 2016, primarily due to the impact of rising rates and a slight shift in mix toward commercial deposits.
average total borrowed funds of $15.6 billion increased $1.0 billion from the year ended 2016, reflecting an increase in average long-term borrowed funds driven by issuances of senior notes. total borrowed funds costs of $306 million increased $68 million from the year ended 2016. the total borrowed funds yield of 1.96% in the year ended 2017 increased 34 basis points from 1.62% in the year ended 2016 due to an increase in long-term rates and a mix shift to long-term senior debt.
net interest margin of 3.02% increased 16 basis points compared to 2.86% in the year ended 2016, driven by improved loan yields reflecting both higher interest rates and balance sheet optimization initiatives. these results were partially offset by the impact of investment portfolio growth and higher deposit cost and funding costs. average interest-earning asset yields of 3.56% increased 31 basis points from 3.25% in the year ended 2016, while average interest-bearing liability costs of 0.75% increased 20 basis points from 0.55% in the year ended 2016.
58
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the change in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both average volume and average rate. average volume and rate changes have been allocated between the average rate and average volume variances on a consistent basis using the respective percentage changes in average balances and average rates.
year ended december 31,
2017 versus 2016
(in millions)                                                                    average volume         average rate         net change interest income interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks                        $-                  $10                 $10
taxable investment securities                                                         25                   16                  41
non-taxable investment securities                                                      -                    -                   -
total investment securities                                                           25                   16                  41
commercial                                                                            62                  136                 198
commercial real estate                                                                41                   83                 124
leases                                                                               (10      )             3                  (7   )
total commercial loans and leases                                                     93                  222                 315
residential mortgages                                                                 72                   (5      )           67
home equity loans                                                                    (33      )             1                 (32   )
home equity lines of credit                                                          (22      )            79                  57
home equity loans serviced by others                                                 (16      )             -                 (16   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                        (3      )             3                   -
automobile                                                                           (14      )            45                  31
education                                                                            102                   19                 121
credit cards                                                                          12                   (8      )            4
other retail                                                                          76                  (27      )           49
total retail loans                                                                   174                  107                 281
total loans and leases                                                               267                  329                 596
loans held for sale, at fair value                                                     2                    1                   3
other loans held for sale                                                              2                    2                   4
total interest income                                                               $296                 $358                $654
interest expense checking with interest                                                                $4                  $41                 $45
money market accounts                                                                  1                   64                  65
regular savings                                                                        -                    -                   -
term deposits                                                                         21                   40                  61
total interest-bearing deposits                                                       26                  145                 171
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase             -                    1                   1
other short-term borrowed funds                                                      (11      )             2                  (9   )
long-term borrowed funds                                                              37                   39                  76
total borrowed funds                                                                  26                   42                  68
total interest expense                                                                52                  187                 239
net interest income                                                                 $244                 $171                $415
59
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis noninterest income the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest income:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                    2017                       2016               change           percent service charges and fees(1)                              $516                       $522                  ($6   )            (1   %)
card fees                                                 233                        203                   30                15
capital markets fees(1)                                   194                        136                   58                43
trust and investment services fees                        158                        146                   12                 8
mortgage banking fees                                     108                        112                   (4   )            (4    )
letter of credit and loan fees(1)                         121                        112                    9                 8
foreign exchange and interest rate products(1)            109                        103                    6                 6
securities gains, net                                      11                         16                   (5   )           (31    )
other income (1)                                           84                        147                  (63   )           (43    )
noninterest income                                     $1,534                     $1,497                  $37                 2    %
(1) in first quarter 2017, certain prior period noninterest income amounts reported in the consolidated statement of operations were reclassified to enhance transparency and provide additional granularity, particularly with regard to fee income related to customer activity. these changes had no effect on net income as previously reported.
noninterest income of $1.5 billion in 2017, increased $37 million, or 2%, compared to 2016 driven by capital market fees, card fees, trust and investment service fees, letter of credit and loan fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products, partially offset by a reduction in service charges and fees, securities gains, mortgage banking fees and other income. capital market fees increased $58 million, reflecting underlying business momentum and the impact of building capabilities. card fees increased $30 million from 2016 results. service charges decreased $6 million and mortgage banking fees decreased $4 million from 2016. on an adjusted/underlying basis,* noninterest income increased $98 million, or 7%, compared to 2016.
provision for credit losses provision for credit losses of $321 million decreased $48 million, or 13% from $369 million in 2016. the $48 million decrease was primarily due to continued asset quality improvement and the decline in net charge-offs when compared to 2016. the 2017 results reflected a $16 million reserve build, compared to a $34 million reserve build for the full year 2016. net charge-offs for the full year 2017 of $305 million were $30 million lower compared to the full year 2016.
the provision for loan and lease losses is the result of a detailed analysis performed to estimate an appropriate and adequate alll. the total provision for credit losses includes the provision for loan and lease losses as well as the provision for unfunded commitments. refer to "-analysis of financial condition - allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets" for more information.
noninterest expense the following table presents the significant components of our noninterest expense:
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                    2017                       2016                change      percent salaries and employee benefits         $1,766                     $1,714                   $52            3   %
outside services                          404                        377                    27            7
occupancy                                 319                        307                    12            4
equipment expense                         263                        263                     -            -
amortization of software                  180                        170                    10            6
other operating expense                   542                        521                    21            4
noninterest expense                    $3,474                     $3,352                  $122            4   %
noninterest expense of $3.5 billion in 2017 increased $122 million, or 4%, compared to 2016. salaries and benefits increased $52 million, or 3%, driven by merit increases and the impact of hiring associated with strategic growth initiatives. outside services increased $27 million, or 7%, tied to consumer strategic growth initiatives and technology initiatives. occupancy expense increased $12 million, or 4%, reflecting costs associated with our branch
60
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis strategy, rent and maintenance. other operating expense increased $21 million, or 4%. on an adjusted/underlying basis,* noninterest expense increased $103 million, or 3%, compared to 2016.
income tax expense income tax expense was $260 million and $489 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 13.6% and 31.9% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate from 2016 to 2017 was primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation.
at december 31, 2017, we reported a net deferred tax liability of $571 million, compared to a $714 million liability at december 31, 2016. the decrease in the net deferred tax liability was primarily attributable to the revaluation of our deferred tax liability as a result of 2017 tax legislation.
on december 22, 2017, president trump signed the 2017 tax legislation which included a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. for citizens, this required a revaluation of our net deferred tax liability with a corresponding adjustment to current tax expense, and resulted in a $331 million net tax benefit. included in this net tax benefit was $145 million of expense related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets associated with unrealized losses in aoci. fasb standards in-place at december 31, 2017 required us to revalue all deferred taxes, including those related to balances in aoci, through current tax expense. as a result, our unrealized loss balance in aoci was not revalued to reflect the new corporate tax rate. this impact, commonly referred to as the "stranded tax effect", was taken under consideration by fasb in january 2018 to address concerns primarily raised by banking institutions, including distortion of net income and regulatory capital. in february 2018, to address the "stranded tax effect", fasb issued asu 2018-02, income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income, which provides entities the election to reclassify the difference between the new and old corporate tax rates resulting from the 2017 tax legislation between retained earnings and aoci for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. we have retrospectively adopted asu 2018-02, elected to reclassify $145 million between aoci and retained earnings, including indirect impacts from the decreased federal tax effect on future state tax benefits, and reflected this reclassification in our 2017 consolidated financial statements, included in this report.
61
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis business operating segments the following tables present certain financial data of our business operating segments, other and consolidated:
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017
(dollars in millions)                                        consumer banking                commercial banking              other (3)                         consolidated net interest income                                            $2,651                           $1,411                            $111                        $4,173
noninterest income                                                905                              538                              91                         1,534
total revenue                                                   3,556                            1,949                             202                         5,707
noninterest expense                                             2,593                              772                             109                         3,474
profit before provision for credit losses                         963                            1,177                              93                         2,233
provision for credit losses                                       265                               19                              37                           321
income before income tax expense (benefit)                        698                            1,158                              56                         1,912
income tax expense (benefit)                                      246                              384                            (370     )                     260
net income                                                       $452                             $774                            $426                        $1,652
loans and leases and loans held for sale (year-end)           $60,096                          $48,623                          $2,616                      $111,335
average balances:
total assets                                                  $59,714                          $49,747                         $40,492                      $149,953
total loans and leases (1)                                     58,371                           48,655                           2,946                       109,972
deposits                                                       74,873                           30,005                           6,996                       111,874
interest-earning assets                                        58,422                           48,802                          30,258                       137,482
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                              4.54       %                     2.89        %                     nm                          3.02      %
efficiency ratio                                                72.93                            39.62                              nm                         60.87
loans-to-deposits ratio (average balances) (2)                  77.49                           161.15                              nm                         97.69
return on average total tangible assets                          0.76                             1.56                              nm                          1.15
(1) includes loans held for sale.
(2) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
(3) includes the financial impact of non-core, liquidating loan portfolios and other non-core assets, our treasury activities, wholesale funding activities, securities portfolio, community development assets and other unallocated assets, liabilities, capital, revenues, provision for credit losses, expenses and income tax expense, not attributed to our consumer banking or commercial banking segments. for a description of non-core assets, see "-analysis of financial condition - non-core assets."
we operate our business through two business operating segments: consumer banking and commercial banking. segment results are derived from our business-line profitability reporting systems by specifically attributing managed assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses and income tax expense. residual assets, liabilities, capital and their related revenues, provision for credit losses and expenses are attributed to other. for further information, see "-results of operations - 2018 compared with 2017 - business operating segments."
62
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis consumer banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                       2017                              2016                            change       percent net interest income                                       $2,651                            $2,443                      $208                     9   %
noninterest income                                           905                               883                        22                     2
total revenue                                              3,556                             3,326                       230                     7
noninterest expense                                        2,593                             2,547                        46                     2
profit before provision for credit losses                    963                               779                       184                    24
provision for credit losses                                  265                               243                        22                     9
income before income tax expense                             698                               536                       162                    30
income tax expense                                           246                               191                        55                    29
net income                                                  $452                              $345                      $107                    31
loans (year-end) (1)                                     $60,096                           $57,383                    $2,713                     5
average balances:
total assets                                             $59,714                           $56,388                    $3,326                     6   %
total loans (1)                                           58,371                            55,052                     3,319                     6
deposits                                                  74,873                            72,003                     2,870                     4
interest-earning assets                                   58,422                            55,101                     3,321                     6
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                         4.54       %                      4.43       %                11     bps efficiency ratio                                           72.93                             76.57                      (364   ) bps loans-to-deposits ratio (average balances) (2)             77.49                             75.97                       152     bps return on average total tangible assets                     0.76                              0.61                        15     bps
(1) includes loans held for sale.
(2) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
consumer banking net income of $452 million increased $107 million, or 31%, from $345 million in the year ended 2016, as the benefit of a $230 million increase in total revenue more than offset a $46 million increase in noninterest expense. net interest income of $2.7 billion increased $208 million, or 9%, from the year ended 2016, driven by the benefit of a $3.3 billion increase in average loans driven by residential mortgage, education and retail unsecured categories, partially offset by an increase in deposit costs.
noninterest income increased $22 million, or 2%, from the year ended 2016, driven by an increase in card fees and investment and trust fees, partially offset by lower service charges and fees and mortgage banking fees. noninterest expense of $2.6 billion increased $46 million, or 2%, from the year ended 2016, driven by higher outside services, fdic expense, salaries and benefits, occupancy costs and advertising expense. these results were partially offset by lower credit collection costs and software amortization. provision for credit losses of $265 million increased $22 million, or 9%, from $243 million in the year ended 2016, largely driven by higher net charge-offs in auto.
63
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis commercial banking as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                       2017                              2016                            change       percent net interest income                                       $1,411                            $1,288                      $123                    10   %
noninterest income                                           538                               466                        72                    15
total revenue                                              1,949                             1,754                       195                    11
noninterest expense                                          772                               741                        31                     4
profit before provision for credit losses                  1,177                             1,013                       164                    16
provision for credit losses                                   19                                47                       (28       )           (60   )
income before income tax expense                           1,158                               966                       192                    20
income tax expense                                           384                               335                        49                    15
net income                                                  $774                              $631                      $143                    23
loans and leases and loans (year-end) (1)                $48,623                           $47,629                      $994                     2
average balances:
total assets                                             $49,747                           $47,159                    $2,588                     5   %
total loans and leases (1)                                48,655                            45,903                     2,752                     6
deposits                                                  30,005                            26,811                     3,194                    12
interest-earning assets                                   48,802                            45,978                     2,824                     6
key performance metrics:
net interest margin                                         2.89       %                      2.80       %                 9     bps efficiency ratio                                           39.62                             42.26                      (264   ) bps loans-to-deposits ratio (average balances) (2)            161.15                            170.81                      (966   ) bps return on average total tangible assets                     1.56                              1.34                        22     bps
(1) includes loans held for sale.
(2) we revised our method of calculating the loans-to-deposits ratio in third quarter 2018 to exclude loans held for sale. prior periods have been adjusted to conform with the current period presentation.
commercial banking net income of $774 million increased $143 million, or 23%, from $631 million in the year ended 2016, as the benefit of a $195 million increase in total revenue and a $28 million decrease in provision for credit losses was partially offset by a $31 million increase in noninterest expense. net interest income of $1.4 billion increased $123 million, or 10%, from $1.3 billion in the year ended 2016, reflecting a $2.8 billion increase in average loans and leases, improved loan and deposit spreads, and a $3.2 billion increase in average deposits.
noninterest income of $538 million increased $72 million, or 15%, from $466 million in the year ended 2016, reflecting strength in capital markets, letter of credit and loan fees, card fees and foreign exchange and interest rate products, partially offset by runoff of the asset finance portfolio. noninterest expense of $772 million increased $31 million, or 4%, from $741 million in the year ended 2016, largely driven by higher salaries and employee benefits, fdic expense, software amortization and equipment expense, partially offset by a reduction in outside services. provision for credit losses of $19 million decreased $28 million from the year ended 2016, driven by lower net charge-offs in 2016.
64
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis other as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                  2017                              2016                    change           percent net interest income                                    $111                               $27                       $84                nm noninterest income                                       91                               148                       (57   )           (39   )
total revenue                                           202                               175                        27                15
noninterest expense                                     109                                64                        45                70
profit before provision for credit losses                93                               111                       (18   )           (16   )
provision for credit losses                              37                                79                       (42   )           (53   )
income before income tax benefit                         56                                32                        24                75
income tax benefit                                     (370       )                       (37       )              (333   )            nm net income                                             $426                               $69                      $357                nm loans and leases (year-end) (1)                      $2,616                            $3,282                     ($666   )           (20   )
average balances:
total assets                                        $40,492                           $39,636                      $856                 2   %
total loans and leases (1)                            2,946                             2,999                       (53   )            (2   )
deposits                                              6,996                             6,633                       363                 5
interest-earning assets                              30,258                            29,457                       801                 3
(1) includes loans held for sale.
other net income of $426 million increased from $69 million in the year ended 2016, primarily driven by $331 million benefit related to our deferred tax liability in connection with the december 2017 tax legislation. results also reflected an increase of $84 million in net interest income and lower net charge-offs and a reserve build of $16 million in the year ended 2017, compared to a reserve build of $34 million in the year ended 2016.
65
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis analysis of financial condition securities our securities portfolio is managed to maintain prudent levels of liquidity, credit quality and market risk while achieving appropriate returns. the following table presents our securities afs and htm:
december 31, 2018                                      december 31, 2017                                      december 31, 2016                 change in fair value from 2018-2017
(in millions)                                                     amortized cost                 fair value              amortized cost                 fair value              amortized cost                 fair value debt securities available for sale, at fair value:(1)
u.s. treasury and other                                               $24                         $24                        $12                         $12                        $30                         $30                       $12                     100       %
state and political subdivisions                                        5                           5                          6                           6                          8                           8                        (1   )                 (17       )
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities            20,211                      19,634                     20,065                      19,828                     19,231                      19,045                      (194   )                  (1       )
other/non-agency                                                      236                         232                        311                         311                        427                         401                       (79   )                 (25       )
total mortgage-backed securities                                   20,447                      19,866                     20,376                      20,139                     19,658                      19,446                      (273   )                  (1       )
total debt securities available for sale, at fair value            20,476                      19,895                     20,394                      20,157                     19,696                      19,484                      (262   )                  (1      %)
marketable equity securities                                            -                           -                          -                           -                          5                           5                         -                       -
other equity securities                                                 -                           -                          -                           -                         12                          12                         -                       -
total equity securities                                                 -                           -                          -                           -                         17                          17                         -                       -
total securities available for sale, at fair value                $20,476                     $19,895                    $20,394                     $20,157                    $19,713                     $19,501                     ($262   )                  (1      )%
debt securities held to maturity:(1)
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities            $3,425                      $3,293                     $3,853                      $3,814                     $4,126                      $4,094                     ($521   )                 (14      %)
other/non-agency                                                      740                         748                        832                         854                        945                         964                      (106   )                 (12       )
total mortgage-backed securities                                   $4,165                      $4,041                     $4,685                      $4,668                     $5,071                      $5,058                     ($627   )                 (13      %)
total debt securities held to maturity                             $4,165                      $4,041                     $4,685                      $4,668                     $5,071                      $5,058                     ($627   )                 (13      %)
total securities available for sale and held to maturity          $24,641                     $23,936                    $25,079                     $24,825                    $24,784                     $24,559                     ($889   )                  (4      %)
equity securities:(1)
equity securities, at fair value                                     $181                        $181                       $169                        $169                        $96                         $96                       $12                       7       %
equity securities, at cost                                            834                         834                        722                         722                        942                         942         112                                    16
total equity securities                                            $1,015                      $1,015                       $891                        $891                     $1,038                      $1,038                      $124                      14       %
(1)as of january 1, 2018, we adopted asu 2016-01, financial instruments, overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, which requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet.
as of december 31, 2018, the fair value of the afs and htm debt securities portfolio decreased $889 million to $23.9 billion, compared with $24.8 billion as of december 31, 2017, primarily driven by net sales of $438 million for liquidity management purposes.
as of december 31, 2018, the portfolio's average effective duration was 4.4 years compared with 3.9 years as of december 31, 2017, as higher long-term rates drove a decrease in securities prepayment speeds. we manage the securities portfolio duration and convexity risk through asset selection and securities structure, and maintain duration levels within our risk appetite in the context of the broader interest rate risk in the banking book framework and limits.
the securities portfolio includes high quality, highly liquid investments reflecting our ongoing commitment to maintaining appropriate contingent liquidity levels and pledging capacity. u.s. government-guaranteed notes and
66
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis government-sponsored entity-issued mortgage-backed securities represent 96% of the fair value of the debt securities portfolio holdings. the portfolio composition is also dominated by holdings backed by mortgages to facilitate our ability to pledge them to the fhlb for collateral purposes. for further discussion of the liquidity coverage ratios, see "regulation and supervision - liquidity requirements" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
the following table presents an analysis of the amortized cost, remaining contractual maturities, and weighted-average yields by contractual maturity. expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without incurring penalties.
as of december 31, 2018
distribution of maturities
(dollars in millions)                                     due in 1 year or less         due after 1        due after 5                   due after 10           total through 5          through 10                           years years              years amortized cost:
debt securities available for sale:
u.s. treasury and other                                             $24                       $-                 $-                         $-                    $24
state and political subdivisions                          -                             -                  -              5                                         5
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities   -                   281                          1,540                        18,390                 20,211
other/non-agency                                          1                   10                           -              225                                     236
total debt securities available for sale                  25                  291                          1,540                        18,620                 20,476
debt securities held to maturity:
mortgage-backed securities:
federal agencies and u.s. government sponsored entities   -                             -                  -                             3,425                  3,425
other/non-agency                                          -                             -                  -              740                                     740
total debt securities held to maturity                    -                             -                  -                             4,165                  4,165
total amortized cost of debt securities (1)                         $25                       $291               $1,540                $22,785                $24,641
weighted-average yield (2)                                2.31                %         1.87         %     2.37           %               2.67      %            2.64   %
(1) as of december 31, 2018, no investments exceeded 10% of stockholders' equity.
(2) yields on tax-exempt securities are not computed on a tax-equivalent basis.
loans and leases our loans and leases are disclosed in portfolio segments and classes. our loan and lease portfolio segments are commercial and retail. the classes of loans and leases are: commercial, commercial real estate, leases, residential mortgages, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, home equity loans serviced by others, home equity lines of credit serviced by others, automobile, education, credit cards and other retail. our sbo portfolio consists of purchased home equity loans and lines that were originally serviced by others, which we service a portion of internally.
67
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the composition of loans and leases, including non-core loans, as of:
december 31,                      change from 2018-2017
(in millions)                                              2018                    2017                    2016                   2015                   2014                                 $           %
commercial                                              $40,857                 $37,562                 $37,274                $33,264                $31,431                $3,295                 9     %
commercial real estate                                   13,023                  11,308                  10,624                  8,971                  7,809                 1,715                15
leases                                                    2,903                   3,161                   3,753                  3,979                  3,986                  (258   )            (8     )
total commercial loans and leases                        56,783                  52,031                  51,651                 46,214                 43,226                 4,752                 9
residential mortgages                                    18,978                  17,045                  15,115                 13,318                 11,832                 1,933                11
home equity loans                                         1,073                   1,392                   1,858                  2,557                  3,424                  (319   )           (23     )
home equity lines of credit                              12,710                  13,483                  14,100                 14,674                 15,423                  (773   )            (6     )
home equity loans serviced by others                        399                     542                     750                    986                  1,228                  (143   )           (26     )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others              104                     149                     219                    389                    550                   (45   )           (30     )
automobile                                               12,106                  13,204                  13,938                 13,828                 12,706                (1,098   )            (8     )
education                                                 8,900                   8,134                   6,610                  4,359                  2,256                   766                 9
credit cards                                              1,991                   1,848                   1,691                  1,634                  1,693                   143                 8
other retail                                              3,616                   2,789                   1,737                  1,083                  1,072                   827                30
total retail loans                                       59,877                  58,586                  56,018                 52,828                 50,184                 1,291                 2
total loans and leases                                 $116,660                $110,617                $107,669                $99,042                $93,410                $6,043                 5     %
total loans and leases of $116.7 billion as of december 31, 2018, increased $6.0 billion, or 5%, from $110.6 billion as of december 31, 2017, reflecting growth in commercial and retail products. total commercial loans and leases of $56.8 billion increased $4.8 billion, or 9%, from $52.0 billion as of december 31, 2017, reflecting increases in commercial and commercial real estate loans, partially offset by a decrease in leases. total retail loans of $59.9 billion increased $1.3 billion, or 2%, from $58.6 billion as of december 31, 2017, largely driven by increases in residential mortgages, other retail, education and credit card loans, partially offset by lower home equity balances and run-off in auto loans.
maturities and sensitivities of loans and leases to changes in interest rates the following table is a summary of loans and leases by remaining maturity or repricing date:
december 31, 2018
(in millions)                                                          due in 1 year or less       due after 1 year through 5 years         due after 5 years         total loans and leases commercial                                                                 $36,506                              $2,757                         $1,594                      $40,857
commercial real estate                                                      12,720                                 128                            175                       13,023
leases                                                                         585                               1,854                            464                        2,903
total commercial loans and leases                                           49,811                               4,739                          2,233                       56,783
residential mortgages                                                        1,046                               2,206                         15,726                       18,978
home equity loans                                                               18                                 329                            726                        1,073
home equity lines of credit                                                 12,470                                  61                            179                       12,710
home equity loans serviced by others                                             1                                 374                             24                          399
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                                 104                                   -                              -                          104
automobile                                                                     155                               7,532                          4,419                       12,106
education                                                                       14                                 799                          8,087                        8,900
credit cards                                                                 1,646                                 345                              -                        1,991
other retail                                                                   501                               2,297                            818                        3,616
total retail loans                                                          15,955                              13,943                         29,979                       59,877
total loans and leases                                                     $65,766                             $18,682                        $32,212                     $116,660
loans and leases due after one year at fixed interest rates                                                    $15,277                        $21,362                      $36,639
loans and leases due after one year at variable interest rates                                                   3,405                         10,850                       14,255
68
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis loan and lease concentrations at december 31, 2018, we did not identify any concentration of loans and leases exceeding 10% of total loans and leases that were not otherwise disclosed as a category of loans and leases. for further information on how we manage concentration exposures, see note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
allowance for credit losses and nonperforming assets the acl, which consists of an alll and a reserve for unfunded lending commitments, is created through charges to the provision for credit losses in order to provide appropriate reserves to absorb future estimated credit losses in accordance with gaap. for further information on our processes to determine our acl, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses," and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
summary of loan and lease loss experience the following table presents a summary of the changes to our alll:
as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                               2018                    2017                    2016                    2015                    2014
allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning:
commercial                                                     $541                    $516                    $376                    $388                    $361
commercial real estate                                          121                      99                     111                      61                      78
leases                                                           23                      48                      23                      23                      24
qualitative (1)                                                   -                       -                      86                      72                      35
total commercial loans and leases                               685                     663                     596                     544                     498
residential mortgages                                            44                      55                      46                      63                     104
home equity loans                                                19                      24                      39                      50                      85
home equity lines of credit                                      87                     139                     132                     152                     159
home equity loans serviced by others                             12                      15                      29                      47                      85
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                    4                       4                       3                      11                      18
automobile                                                      139                     127                     106                      58                      23
education                                                       120                     102                      96                      93                      83
credit cards                                                     72                      74                      60                      68                      72
other retail                                                     54                      33                      28                      32                      34
qualitative (1)                                                   -                       -                      81                      77                      60
total retail loans                                              551                     573                     620                     651                     723
total allowance for loan and lease losses - beginning        $1,236                  $1,236                  $1,216                  $1,195                  $1,221
69
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                             2018                   2017                   2016                   2015                   2014
gross charge-offs:
commercial                                                   ($48    )              ($62    )              ($56    )              ($30    )              ($31    )
commercial real estate                                         (4    )               (13    )               (14    )                (6    )               (12    )
leases                                                          -                      -                     (9    )                 -                      -
total commercial loans and leases                             (52    )               (75    )               (79    )               (36    )               (43    )
residential mortgages                                          (8    )               (11    )               (21    )               (22    )               (36    )
home equity loans                                              (6    )               (11    )               (16    )               (34    )               (55    )
home equity lines of credit                                   (26    )               (34    )               (43    )               (59    )               (80    )
home equity loans serviced by others                           (9    )               (15    )               (38    )               (32    )               (55    )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                 (4    )                (5    )               (12    )               (14    )               (12    )
automobile                                                   (158    )              (181    )              (160    )              (117    )               (41    )
education                                                     (68    )               (59    )               (52    )               (51    )               (54    )
credit cards                                                  (68    )               (61    )               (58    )               (59    )               (64    )
other retail                                                  (95    )               (60    )               (57    )               (56    )               (53    )
total retail loans                                           (442    )              (437    )              (457    )              (444    )              (450    )
total gross charge-offs                                     ($494    )             ($512    )             ($536    )             ($480    )             ($493    )
gross recoveries:
commercial                                                    $15                    $37                    $21                    $18                    $35
commercial real estate                                          4                      3                     12                     31                     23
leases                                                          -                      -                      -                      -                      -
total commercial loans and leases                              19                     40                     33                     49                     58
residential mortgages                                           5                      6                      9                     12                     11
home equity loans                                              11                     13                     18                     11                     24
home equity lines of credit                                    16                     16                     18                     18                     15
home equity loans serviced by others                           15                     18                     19                     17                     21
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                  7                      7                      6                      8                      5
automobile                                                     67                     73                     65                     49                     20
education                                                      16                     15                     11                     12                      9
credit cards                                                    8                      7                      8                      8                      7
other retail                                                   13                     12                     14                     12                      -
total retail loans                                            158                    167                    168                    147                    112
total gross recoveries                                       $177                   $207                   $201                   $196                   $170
net (charge-offs)/recoveries:
commercial                                                   ($33    )              ($25    )              ($35    )              ($12    )                $4
commercial real estate                                          -                    (10    )                (2    )                25                     11
leases                                                          -                      -                     (9    )                 -                      -
total commercial loans and leases                             (33    )               (35    )               (46    )                13                     15
residential mortgages                                          (3    )                (5    )               (12    )               (10    )               (25    )
home equity loans                                               5                      2                      2                    (23    )               (31    )
home equity lines of credit                                   (10    )               (18    )               (25    )               (41    )               (65    )
home equity loans serviced by others                            6                      3                    (19    )               (15    )               (34    )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                  3                      2                     (6    )                (6    )                (7    )
automobile                                                    (91    )              (108    )               (95    )               (68    )               (21    )
education                                                     (52    )               (44    )               (41    )               (39    )               (45    )
credit cards                                                  (60    )               (54    )               (50    )               (51    )               (57    )
other retail                                                  (82    )               (48    )               (43    )               (44    )               (53    )
total retail loans                                           (284    )              (270    )              (289    )              (297    )              (338    )
total net charge-offs                                       ($317    )             ($305    )             ($335    )             ($284    )             ($323    )
ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases        (0.28   %)             (0.28   %)             (0.32   %)             (0.30   %)             (0.36   %)
70
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                              2018                    2017                    2016                    2015                    2014
provision for loan and lease losses(2):
commercial                                                     $22                     $50                    $117                      $-                     $23
commercial real estate                                          17                      32                     (17   )                  25                     (28   )
leases                                                          (1   )                 (25   )                  34                       -                      (1   )
qualitative (1)                                                  -                       -                     (21   )                  14                      37
total commercial loans and leases                               38                      57                     113                      39                      31
residential mortgages                                           (5   )                  (6   )                   8                      (7   )                 (16   )
home equity loans                                              (14   )                  (7   )                 (22   )                  12                      (4   )
home equity lines of credit                                      8                     (34   )                   9                      21                      58
home equity loans serviced by others                            (8   )                  (6   )                  (1   )                  (3   )                  (4   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                  (4   )                  (2   )                   6                      (2   )                   -
automobile                                                      79                     120                      99                     116                      56
education                                                       33                      62                      21                      42                      55
credit cards                                                    71                      52                      53                      43                      53
other retail                                                   125                      69                      42                      40                      51
qualitative (1)                                                  -                       -                      27                       4                      17
total retail loans                                             285                     248                     242                     266                     266
total provision for loan and lease losses                     $323                    $305                    $355                    $305                    $297
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending:
commercial                                                     530                     541                    $458                    $376                    $388
commercial real estate                                         138                     121                      92                     111                      61
leases                                                          22                      23                      48                      23                      23
qualitative (1)                                                  -                       -                      65                      86                      72
total commercial loans and leases                              690                     685                     663                     596                     544
residential mortgages                                           36                      44                      42                      46                      63
home equity loans                                               10                      19                      19                      39                      50
home equity lines of credit                                     85                      87                     116                     132                     152
home equity loans serviced by others                            10                      12                       9                      29                      47
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                   3                       4                       3                       3                      11
automobile                                                     127                     139                     110                     106                      58
education                                                      101                     120                      76                      96                      93
credit cards                                                    83                      72                      63                      60                      68
other retail                                                    97                      54                      27                      28                      32
qualitative (1)                                                  -                       -                     108                      81                      77
total retail loans                                             552                     551                     573                     620                     651
total allowance for loan and lease losses - ending          $1,242                  $1,236                  $1,236                  $1,216                  $1,195
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - beginning           $88                     $72                     $58                     $61                     $39
provision for unfunded lending commitments                       3                      16                      14                      (3   )                  22
reserve for unfunded lending commitments - ending              $91                     $88                     $72                     $58                     $61
total allowance for credit losses - ending                  $1,333                  $1,324                  $1,308                  $1,274                  $1,256
(1) as discussed in note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report, as of december 31, 2017, we enhanced the method for assessing various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in the modeled results. the qualitative allowance is presented within each loan class beginning in 2017, and prior periods have not been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
(2) during december 2016, changes to the incurred loss period were reflected as components of the provision for retail property secured products.
71
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses the following table presents an allocation of the alll by class and the percent of each class of loans and leases to the total loans and leases:
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                2018                           2017                           2016                           2015                           2014
commercial                                             $530        35   %             $541        34   %             $458        35   %             $376        34   %             $388        34   %
commercial real estate                                  138        11                  121        10                   92        10                  111         9                   61         8
leases                                                   22         3                   23         3                   48         3                   23         4                   23         4
qualitative(1)                                            -       n/a                    -       n/a                   65       n/a                   86       n/a                   72       n/a total commercial loans and leases                       690        49                  685        47                  663        48                  596        47                  544        46
residential mortgages                                    36        16                   44        15                   42        14                   46        13                   63        13
home equity loans                                        10         1                   19         1                   19         2                   39         3                   50         4
home equity lines of credit                              85        11                   87        12                  116        13                  132        15                  152        16
home equity loans serviced by others                     10         -                   12         1                    9         1                   29         1                   47         1
home equity lines of credit serviced by others            3         -                    4         -                    3         -                    3         -                   11         1
automobile                                              127        10                  139        12                  110        13                  106        14                   58        14
education                                               101         8                  120         7                   76         6                   96         4                   93         2
credit cards                                             83         2                   72         2                   63         1                   60         2                   68         2
other retail                                             97         3                   54         3                   27         2                   28         1                   32         1
qualitative(1)                                            -       n/a                    -       n/a                  108       n/a                   81       n/a                   77       n/a total retail loans                                      552        51                  551        53                  573        52                  620        53                  651        54
total loans and leases                               $1,242       100   %           $1,236       100   %           $1,236       100   %           $1,216       100   %           $1,195       100   %
(1) the qualitative allowance was presented within each loan class beginning in 2017 and prior periods have not been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
the allowance for credit losses totaled $1.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the alll represented 1.06% of total loans and leases and 156% of nonperforming loans and leases as of december 31, 2018 compared with 1.12% and 142%, respectively, as of december 31, 2017.
overall credit quality remained strong, reflecting growth in higher-quality, lower-risk retail loans and a broadly stable risk profile in the commercial loans and leases portfolios. nonperforming loans and leases of $797 million as of december 31, 2018 decreased $74 million from december 31, 2017, driven by a $64 million decrease in commercial nonperforming loans, mainly due to repayments and returns to accrual status, and a $10 million decrease in retail nonperforming loans, largely in home equity. net charge-offs of $317 million increased $12 million, or 4%, from $305 million in 2017. net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans of 0.28% remained stable compared to 2017.
72
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis risk elements the following table presents a summary of nonaccrual, past due and restructured loans and leases by class:
december 31,
(in millions)                                                            2018              2017                2016                2015                2014
nonaccrual loans and leases commercial                                                               $194              $238                $322                 $70                $113
commercial real estate                                                      7                27                  50                  77                  50
leases                                                                      -                 -                  15                   -                   -
total commercial loans and leases                                         201               265                 387                 147                 163
residential mortgages                                                     136               128                 144                 331                 345
home equity loans                                                          50                72                  98                 135                 203
home equity lines of credit                                               231               233                 243                 272                 257
home equity loans serviced by others                                       17                25                  32                  38                  47
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                             15                18                  33                  32                  25
automobile                                                                 81                70                  50                  42                  21
education                                                                  38                38                  38                  35                  11
credit cards                                                               20                17                  16                  16                  16
other retail                                                                8                 5                   4                   3                   5
total retail loans                                                        596               606                 658                 904                 930
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                        $797              $871              $1,045              $1,051              $1,093
loans and leases that are accruing and 90 days or more delinquent commercial                                                                  1                 5                   2                   1                   1
commercial real estate                                                      -                 3                   -                   -                   -
leases                                                                      -                 -                   -                   -                   -
total commercial loans and leases                                           1                 8                   2                   1                   1
residential mortgages                                                      15                16                  18                   -                   -
home equity loans                                                           -                 -                   -                   -                   -
home equity lines of credit                                                 -                 -                   -                   -                   -
home equity loans serviced by others                                        -                 -                   -                   -                   -
home equity lines of credit serviced by others                              -                 -                   -                   -                   -
automobile                                                                  -                 -                   -                   -                   -
education                                                                   2                 3                   5                   6                   6
credit cards                                                                -                 -                   -                   -                   1
other retail                                                                7                 5                   1                   2                   -
total retail loans                                                         24                24                  24                   8                   7
total accruing and 90 days or more delinquent                              25                32                  26                   9                   8
total                                                                    $822              $903              $1,071              $1,060              $1,101
troubled debt restructurings (1)                                         $723              $629                $633                $909                $955
(1) tdr balances reported in this line item consist of only those tdrs not reported in the nonaccrual loan or accruing and 90 days or more delinquent loan categories. thus, only those tdrs that are in compliance with their modified terms and not past due, or those tdrs that are past due 30-89 days and still accruing are included in the tdr balances listed above.
potential problem loans and leases at december 31, 2018, we did not identify any potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio that were not already included in "-risk elements." potential problem loans or leases consist of loans and leases where information about a borrower's possible credit problems cause management to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present repayment terms.
commercial loan asset quality our commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of traditional commercial loans, commercial leases and commercial real estate loans. the portfolio is predominantly focused on customers in our footprint and adjacent states in which we have a physical presence where our local delivery model provides for strong client connectivity. additionally, we also do business in certain specialized industry sectors on a national basis.
73
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis for commercial loans and leases, we utilize regulatory classification ratings to monitor credit quality. loans with a "pass" rating are those that we believe will be fully repaid in accordance with the contractual loan terms. commercial loans and leases that are "criticized" are those that have some weakness or potential weakness that indicate an increased probability of future loss. "criticized" loans are grouped into three categories, "special mention," "substandard" and "doubtful." special mention loans have potential weaknesses that, if left uncorrected, may result in deterioration of our credit position at some future date.  substandard loans are inadequately protected loans; these loans have well-defined weaknesses that could hinder normal repayment or collection of the debt. doubtful loans have the same weaknesses as substandard, with the added characteristics that the possibility of loss is high and collection of the full amount of the loan is improbable. these credit quality indicators for commercial loans are continually updated and monitored. see note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
nonperforming commercial loans and leases decreased $64 million to $201 million as of december 31, 2018 from $265 million as of december 31, 2017, largely tied to a reduction in nonperforming commodities-related credits. as of december 31, 2018, total commercial nonperforming loans were 0.4% of the commercial loan portfolio compared to 0.5% as of december 31, 2017. total 2018 commercial loan and lease portfolio net charge-offs of $33 million remained stable with $35 million in 2017.
the recorded investment in commercial loans and leases based on regulatory classification ratings is presented below:
december 31, 2018
criticized
(in millions)                       pass                special mention          substandard         doubtful          total commercial                                $38,600               $1,231                    $828              $198             $40,857
commercial real estate              12,523          412                  82                      6                     13,023
leases                              2,823           39                   41                          -                 2,903
total commercial loans and leases         $53,946               $1,682                    $951              $204             $56,783
december 31, 2017
criticized
(in millions)                       pass                special mention          substandard         doubtful          total commercial                                $35,430               $1,143                    $785              $204             $37,562
commercial real estate              10,706          500                  74                      28                    11,308
leases                              3,069           73                   19                          -                 3,161
total commercial loans and leases         $49,205               $1,716                    $878              $232             $52,031
total commercial criticized loans and leases of $2.8 billion as of december 31, 2018 were stable compared with december 31, 2017. commercial criticized loans and leases over total commercial loans and leases of 5.0% at december 31, 2018 improved from 5.4% at december 31, 2017, driven by loan growth. commercial criticized balances of $2.3 billion, or 5.5% of the commercial loan portfolio as of december 31, 2018, increased from $2.1 billion, or 5.7%, as of december 31, 2017. commercial real estate criticized balances of $500 million, or 3.8% of the commercial real estate portfolio, decreased from $602 million, or 5.3%, as of december 31, 2017. commercial criticized loans represented 80% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2018 compared to 75% as of december 31, 2017. commercial real estate accounted for 18% of total criticized loans as of december 31, 2018 compared to 21% as of december 31, 2017.
retail loan asset quality for retail loans, we primarily utilize payment and delinquency status to regularly review and monitor credit quality trends. historical experience indicates that the longer a loan is past due, the greater the likelihood of future credit loss. the largest portion of the retail portfolio is represented by borrowers located in the new england, mid-atlantic and midwest regions, although we have continued to grow selectively in areas outside the footprint primarily in the auto finance, education lending and unsecured portfolios.
74
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following tables present asset quality metrics for the retail loan portfolio:
december 31, 2018          december 31, 2017
average refreshed fico for total portfolio                        763                        762
cltv ratio for secured real estate(1)                              58                         59
nonperforming retail loans as a percentage of total retail       1.00   %                   1.03          %
(1) the real estate secured portfolio cltv is calculated as the mortgage and second lien loan balance divided by the most recently available value of the property.
year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                  2018                     2017         change             percent net charge-offs                        $284                     $270              $14        5            %
annualized net charge-off rate         0.48     %               0.47     %   1 bps retail asset quality remains stable with a net charge-off rate of 0.48% for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of one basis point from the year ended december 31, 2017, driven by growth in credit cards as well as continued expected seasoning in our personal loan and education refinance loan portfolios.
heloc payment shock payment shock in the heloc portfolio occurs when the 10-year interest only draw period ends, and the payment converts to a fully amortizing principal and interest payment. we monitor the risk associated with the payment increase and have a comprehensive program designed to provide heightened customer outreach to inform, educate and assist customers through the reset process as well as to offer alternative financing and forbearance options. results of this program indicate that our efforts to assist customers at risk of default have successfully reduced delinquency and charge-off rates compared to our original expectations.
the table below outlines the population expected to mature between january 1, 2019 and december 31, 2021, compared to the overall heloc population, reflecting a similar credit profile for each population:
(dollars in millions)                         balance                   % secured by first lien          fico         ltv total helocs as of december 31, 2018               $12,814                     51             %      766           57   %
helocs scheduled to reset 1/1/19 - 12/31/21   1,598                            54                    758           51
the performance of our historical vintages that have entered repayment remains stable. the following table presents the asset quality metrics as of december 31, 2018, for the helocs reset at each year ending:
(dollars in millions)                          2014/2015               2016               2017
balance reset                                     $1,688               $738               $730
percent refinanced, paid off, or current              93   %             95   %             94   %
percent past due                                       3                  3                  4
percent charged-off                                    4                  2                  2
factors that affect our future expectations for continued relatively low charge-off risk in the face of rising interest rates for the portion of our heloc portfolio subject to reset in future periods include a relatively high level of first lien collateral positions, improved loan-to-value ratios resulting from continued home price appreciation, relatively stable portfolio credit score profiles and continued robust loss mitigation efforts.
troubled debt restructurings tdr is the classification given to a loan that has been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial hardship that we would not otherwise make. tdrs typically result from our loss mitigation efforts and are undertaken in order to improve the likelihood of recovery and continuity of the relationship. our loan modifications are handled on a case-by-case basis and are negotiated to achieve mutually agreeable terms that maximize loan collectability and meet our borrower's financial needs. the types of concessions include interest rate reductions, term extensions, principal forgiveness and other modifications to the structure of the loan that fall outside our lending policy. depending on the specific facts and circumstances of the customer, restructuring can involve loans moving to nonaccrual, remaining on nonaccrual, or remaining on accrual status.
75
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of december 31, 2018, $723 million of retail loans were classified as tdrs, compared with $761 million as of december 31, 2017. the decrease was in part, attributable to both loan repayments and the increasing amortization of balances as more seasoned accounts age. as of december 31, 2018, $181 million of retail tdrs were in nonaccrual status with 49% current on payments, stable compared with $211 million in nonaccrual status with 51% current on payments at december 31, 2017. tdrs generally return to accrual status once repayment capacity and appropriate payment history can be established. tdrs are individually evaluated for impairment and loans, once classified as tdrs, remain classified as tdrs until paid off, sold or refinanced at market terms.
for additional information regarding tdrs, see "-critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets, and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
the following tables present retail tdrs by loan class, including delinquency status for accruing tdrs and tdrs in nonaccrual:
december 31, 2018
as a % of accruing retail tdrs
(dollars in millions)                                  accruing            30-89 days              90+ days past due            nonaccruing              total past due residential mortgages                                 $111               3.0        %                 1.6   %                     $44                 $155
home equity loans                                       85               0.7                            -                          25                  110
home equity lines of credit                            138               0.9                            -                          64                  202
home equity loans serviced by others                    31               0.3                            -                          10                   41
home equity lines of credit serviced by others           3                 -                            -                           5                    8
automobile                                              13               0.2                            -                          10                   23
education                                              131               0.9                          0.3                          22                  153
credit cards                                            24               0.4                            -                           1                   25
other retail                                             6                 -                            -                           -                    6
total                                                 $542               6.4        %                 1.9   %                    $181                 $723
december 31, 2017
as a % of accruing retail tdrs
(dollars in millions)                                  accruing            30-89 days              90+ days past due            nonaccruing              total past due residential mortgages                                  $98               2.7        %                 2.0   %                     $53                 $151
home equity loans                                       86               0.7                            -                          35                  121
home equity lines of credit                            128               1.1                            -                          69                  197
home equity loans serviced by others                    38               0.4                            -                          13                   51
home equity lines of credit serviced by others           4                 -                            -                           5                    9
automobile                                              12               0.2                            -                          11                   23
education                                              152               1.3                          0.5                          23                  175
credit cards                                            24               0.4                            -                           1                   25
other retail                                             8                 -                            -                           1                    9
total                                                 $550               6.7        %                 2.5   %                    $211                 $761
impact of nonperforming loans and leases on interest income the following table presents the gross interest income for both nonaccrual and restructured loans that would have been recognized if those loans had been current in accordance with their original contractual terms, and had been outstanding throughout the year, or since origination if held for only part of the year. the table also presents the interest income related to these loans that was actually recognized for the year.
(in millions)                                                       for the year ended december 31, 2018
gross amount of interest income that would have been recorded (1)                          $125
interest income actually recognized                                 7
total interest income foregone                                                             $118
(1) based on the contractual rate that was being charged at the time the loan was restructured or placed on nonaccrual status.
76
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis cross-border outstandings cross-border outstandings can include loans, receivables, interest-bearing deposits with other banks, other interest-bearing investments and other monetary assets that are denominated in either dollars or other non-local currency. as of december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, there were no aggregate cross-border outstandings from borrowers or counterparties in any country that exceeded 1%, or were between 0.75% and 1% of consolidated total assets.
non-core assets the table below presents the composition of our non-core assets:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2018                  2017            change           percent commercial                                               $72                   $56               $16       29            %
commercial real estate                                    14                    19                (5   )           (26   )
leases                                                   670                   752               (82   )           (11   )
total commercial loans and leases                        756                   827               (71   )            (9   )
residential mortgages                                    110                   136               (26   )           (19   )
home equity loans                                         31                    40                (9   )           (23   )
home equity lines of credit                               21                    30                (9   )           (30   )
home equity loans serviced by others                     399                   542              (143   )           (26   )
home equity lines of credit serviced by others           104                   149               (45   )           (30   )
education                                                210                   254               (44   )           (17   )
total retail loans                                       875                 1,151              (276   )           (24   )
total non-core loans                                   1,631                 1,978              (347   )           (18   )
other assets                                              96                   112               (16   )           (14   )
total non-core assets                                 $1,727                $2,090             ($363   )           (17   %)
non-core assets are primarily liquidating loan and lease portfolios inconsistent with our strategic priorities, generally as a result of geographic location, industry, product type or risk level and are included in other. non-core assets of $1.7 billion as of december 31, 2018 decreased $363 million, or 17%, from december 31, 2017.
retail non-core loan balances of $875 million decreased $276 million, or 24%, compared to december 31, 2017. the largest component of our retail non-core portfolio is the home equity sbo portfolio, a $503 million portfolio of home equity loans and lines of credit purchased between 2003 and 2007 that were initially serviced by other institutions, but now about 45% is serviced internally. the credit profile of this portfolio is stable, and losses have remained in a net recovery position in 2017 and 2018.
commercial non-core loan and lease balances of $756 million decreased $71 million, or 9%, from $827 million as of december 31, 2017. the largest component of our commercial non-core portfolio is an aircraft-related loan and lease portfolio tied to legacy-royal bank of scotland group plc aircraft leasing borrowers, which totaled $670 million and $752 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
deposits the table below presents the major components of our deposits:
december 31,
(in millions)                          2018   2017                                    change         percent demand                          $29,458                  $29,279                   $179              1     %
checking with interest           23,067                   22,229       838                           4
regular savings                  12,007                    9,518                  2,489             26
money market accounts            35,701                   37,454                 (1,753   )         (5     )
term deposits                    19,342                   16,609                  2,733             16
total deposits                 $119,575                 $115,089                 $4,486              4     %
77
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis total deposits as of december 31, 2018, increased $4.5 billion, or 4%, to $119.6 billion compared to $115.1 billion and reflected particular strength in regular savings, term deposits and checking with interest products.
the following table presents the average balances and average interest rates paid for deposits.
for the year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                  2017                                            2016
(dollars in millions)                            average balances     yields/ rates              average balances     yields/ rates              average balances     yields/ rates noninterest-bearing demand deposits (1)           $29,231                -                        $28,134                -                        $27,634                -
checking with interest                            $21,856             0.63        %               $21,458             0.37        %               $19,320             0.18        %
money market accounts                              36,497             0.94                         37,450             0.53                         37,106             0.36
regular savings                                    10,238             0.15                          9,384             0.04                          8,691             0.04
term deposits                                      18,035             1.61                         15,448             1.04                         12,696             0.78
total interest-bearing deposits (1)               $86,626             0.91        %               $83,740             0.53        %               $77,813             0.35        %
(1) the aggregate amount of deposits by foreign depositors in domestic offices was $1.2 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
borrowed funds short-term borrowed funds a summary of our short-term borrowed funds is presented below:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2018                  2017           change           percent federal funds purchased                                 $820                  $460             $360                78   %
securities sold under agreements to repurchase           336                   355              (19   )            (5   )
other short-term borrowed funds(1)                     1,653                 1,856             (203   )           (11   )
total short-term borrowed funds                       $2,809                $2,671             $138                 5   %
(1) december 31, 2018 includes $1.5 billion of debt issued under cbna's global bank note program maturing within one year, with unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($1) million and other basis adjustments of ($8) million. december 31, 2017 includes $750 million of debt issued under cbna's global bank note program maturing within one year, with unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($1) million and other basis adjustments of ($4) million.
the net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of $203 million resulted from a reduction of $951 million in short-term fhlb advances partially offset by an increase of $746 million in senior bank debt, issued under cbna's global note program, with a remaining maturity within one year.
our advances, lines of credit, and letters of credit from the fhlb are collateralized by pledged mortgages and securities at least sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level established by the fhlb. the utilized borrowing capacity for fhlb advances and letters of credit was $13.0 billion and $9.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and our available fhlb borrowing capacity was $4.8 billion and $8.0 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we can also borrow from the frb discount window to meet short-term liquidity requirements. collateral, including certain loans, is pledged to support this borrowing capacity. at december 31, 2018, our unused secured borrowing capacity was approximately $36.2 billion, which included unencumbered securities, fhlb borrowing capacity, and frb discount window capacity.
78
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis key data related to short-term borrowed funds is presented in the following table:
as of and for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                    2018                       2017                       2016
weighted-average interest rate at year-end: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase               1.72     %                 0.74     %                 0.26     %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                          2.50                       1.72                       0.94
maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)         $1,282                     $1,174                     $1,522
other short-term borrowed funds                                                         2,509                      3,508                      5,461
average amount outstanding during the year:
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (2)           $654                       $776                       $947
other short-term borrowed funds                                                         1,808                      2,321                      3,207
weighted-average interest rate during the year: (1)
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase               0.92     %                 0.36     %                 0.09     %
other short-term borrowed funds                                                          2.42                       1.32                       0.64
(1) rates exclude certain hedging costs.
(2) balances are net of certain short-term receivables associated with reverse repurchase agreements, as applicable.
long-term borrowed funds a summary of our long-term borrowed funds is presented below:
december 31,
(in millions)           2018                   2017
parent company:
2.375% fixed-rate senior unsecured debt, due 2021           $349                   $349
4.150% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2022            348                    348
5.158% fixed-to-floating rate callable subordinated debt, due 2023 (1)              -                    333
3.750% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2024            250                    250
4.023% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2024             42                     42
4.350% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2025            249                    249
4.300% fixed-rate subordinated debt, due 2025            749                    749
banking subsidiaries:
2.450% senior unsecured notes, due 2019 (2)(3)              -                    743
2.500% senior unsecured notes, due 2019 (2)(3)              -                    741
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (2)            691                    692
3.278% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (2) (4)            300                    299
3.247% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (2) (4)            250                    249
2.200% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (2)            499                    498
2.250% senior unsecured notes, due 2020 (2)            738                    742
2.550% senior unsecured notes, due 2021 (2)            964                    964
3.487% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2022 (2) (4)            249                    249
2.650% senior unsecured notes, due 2022 (2)            487                    491
3.700% senior unsecured notes, due 2023 (2)            502                      -
3.753% floating-rate senior unsecured notes, due 2023 (2) (4)            249                      -
federal home loan bank advances, 2.725% weighted average rate, due through 2038          7,508                  3,761
other              9                     16
total long-term borrowed funds        $14,433                $11,765
(1) redeemed on june 29, 2018.
(2) issued under cbna's global bank note program.
(3) reclassified to short-term borrowed funds.
(4) rate disclosed reflects the floating rate as of december 31, 2018.
long-term borrowed funds of $14.4 billion as of december 31, 2018 increased $2.7 billion from december 31, 2017, reflecting an increase of $3.7 billion in long-term fhlb borrowings, partially offset by the redemption of
79
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis
$333 million of parent company subordinated debt and a net decrease of $739 million in banking subsidiaries senior unsecured notes with a remaining maturity greater than one year.
the parent company's long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 included principal balances of $2.0 billion and $2.3 billion and unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($5) million for each period. the banking subsidiaries' long-term borrowed funds as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 include principal balances of $12.5 billion and $9.5 billion, respectively, with unamortized deferred issuance costs and/or discounts of ($14) million and ($19) million, respectively, and hedging basis adjustments of ($58) million and ($63) million, respectively. see note 13 "derivatives" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report for further information about our hedging of certain long-term borrowed funds.
quarterly results of operations the following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated statements of operations data and consolidated balance sheet data as of and for the four quarters of 2018 and 2017, respectively. we have prepared the consolidated statements of operations data and balance sheet data on the same basis as our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, included in this report and, in the opinion of management, each consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet includes all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the results of operations and balance sheet data as of and for these periods. this information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, of this report.
supplementary summary consolidated financial and other data (unaudited)
for the three months ended
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                    december 31, 2018             september 30, 2018              june 30, 2018             march 31, 2018            december 31, 2017             september 30, 2017              june 30, 2017             march 31, 2017
operating data:
net interest income                                                   $1,172                        $1,148                       $1,121                     $1,091                      $1,080                        $1,062                       $1,026                     $1,005
noninterest income (1) (6) (7)                                           421                           416                          388                        371                         404                           381                          370                        379
total revenue                                                          1,593                         1,564                        1,509                      1,462                       1,484                         1,443                        1,396                      1,384
provision for credit losses                                               85                            78                           85                         78                          83                            72                           70                         96
noninterest expense (2) (5) (6) (7)                                      951                           910                          875                        883                         898                           858                          864                        854
income before income tax expense (benefit)                               557                           576                          549                        501                         503                           513                          462                        434
income tax expense (benefit) (3) (5) (6) (8)                              92                           133                          124                        113                        (163       )                   165                          144                        114
net income (4) (5) (6) (8)                                              $465                          $443                         $425                       $388                        $666                          $348                         $318                       $320
net income available to common stockholders (4) (5) (6) (8)             $450                          $436                         $425                       $381                        $666                          $341                         $318                       $313
net income per average common share- basic (6) (8)                     $0.96                         $0.92                        $0.88                      $0.78                       $1.35                         $0.68                        $0.63                      $0.61
net income per average common share- diluted (6) (8)                    0.96                          0.91                         0.88                       0.78                        1.35                          0.68                         0.63                       0.61
other operating data:
return on average common equity (9)                                     9.16       %                  8.82        %                8.65      %                7.83      %                13.46       %                  6.87        %                6.48      %                6.52      %
return on average tangible common equity (9)                           13.85                         13.29                        12.93                      11.71                       19.92                         10.13                         9.57                       9.68
return on average total assets (9)                                      1.17                          1.13                         1.11                       1.04                        1.75                          0.92                         0.85                       0.87
return on average total tangible assets (9)                             1.22                          1.18                         1.16                       1.08                        1.83                          0.96                         0.89                       0.91
efficiency ratio (9)                                                   59.69                         58.20                        57.95                      60.43                       60.52                         59.41                        61.94                      61.68
net interest margin (9)                                                 3.22                          3.19                         3.18                       3.16                        3.08                          3.05                         2.97                       2.96
share data:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                      $0.27                         $0.27                        $0.22                      $0.22                       $0.18                         $0.18                        $0.14                      $0.14
dividend payout ratio                                                     28       %                    29        %                  25      %                  28      %                   13       %                    26        %                  22      %                  23      %
80
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of
(dollars in millions)                                                                          december 31, 2018               september 30, 2018                june 30, 2018               march 31, 2018              december 31, 2017               september 30, 2017                june 30, 2017               march 31, 2017
balance sheet data:
total assets                                                                                    $160,518                        $158,598                       $155,431                     $153,453                      $152,336                        $151,356                       $151,407                     $150,285
loans and leases (10)                                                                            116,660                         114,720                        113,407                      111,425                       110,617                         110,151                        109,046                      108,111
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                                1,242                           1,242                          1,253                        1,246                         1,236                           1,224                          1,219                        1,224
total securities                                                                                  25,075                          25,485                         25,513                       25,433                        25,733                          25,742                         25,115                       25,996
goodwill                                                                                           6,923                           6,946                          6,887                        6,887                         6,887                           6,887                          6,887                        6,876
total liabilities                                                                                139,701                         138,322                        134,964                      133,394                       132,066                         131,247                        131,343                      130,438
deposits                                                                                         119,575                         117,075                        117,073                      115,730                       115,089                         113,235                        113,613                      112,112
federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase                         1,156                             374                            326                          315                           815                             453                            429                        1,093
other short-term borrowed funds                                                                    1,653                           2,006                          1,499                        1,494                         1,856                           1,505                          2,004                        2,762
long-term borrowed funds                                                                          14,433                          15,639                         13,641                       13,486                        11,765                          13,400                         13,154                       11,780
total stockholders' equity                                                                        20,817                          20,276                         20,467                       20,059                        20,270                          20,109                         20,064                       19,847
other balance sheet data:
asset quality ratios:
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases                       1.06       %                    1.08        %                  1.10      %                  1.12      %                   1.12       %                    1.11        %                  1.12      %                  1.13      %
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans and leases                156                             149                            148                          144                           142                             131                            119                          117
nonperforming loans and leases as a percentage of total loans and leases                            0.68                            0.73                           0.75                         0.78                          0.79                            0.85                           0.94                         0.97
capital ratios:(11)
cet1 capital ratio (12)                                                                             10.6                            10.8                           11.2                         11.2                          11.2                            11.1                           11.2                         11.2
tier 1 capital ratio (13)                                                                           11.3                            11.2                           11.6                         11.4                          11.4                            11.3                           11.4                         11.4
total capital ratio (14)                                                                            13.3                            13.4                           13.8                         13.9                          13.9                            13.8                           14.0                         14.0
tier 1 leverage ratio (15)                                                                          10.0                             9.9                           10.2                         10.0                          10.0                             9.9                            9.9                          9.9
(1) fourth quarter 2018 noninterest income included $5 million of pre-tax notable items ($4 million in famc integration costs and $1 million in other pre-tax notable items).
(2) fourth quarter 2018 noninterest expense included $45 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $33 million in other notable items ($33 million in top efficiency initiatives) and $12 million of famc integration costs.
(3) fourth quarter 2018 income tax expense included $41 million of benefit associated with notable items ($37 million in other notable items consisting of $8 million in top efficiency initiatives and $29 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment) and $4 million in famc integration costs.
(4) fourth quarter 2018 net income included $9 million of after-tax notable items consisting of $12 million of famc integration costs offset by $3 million other notable items (including $29 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment offset by $25 million in after-tax top efficiency initiatives and $1 million of noninterest income notable items).
(5) third quarter 2018 noninterest expense included $9 million of pre-tax notable items for famc integration costs. income tax expense included $2 million of benefits associated with notable items for famc integration costs and net income included $7 million of after-tax notable items for famc integration costs.
(6) fourth quarter 2017 noninterest income included $17 million of pre-tax notable items related to a gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction. noninterest expense included $40 million of pre-tax notable items consisting of $22 million of 2017 tax legislation-related notable items (colleague and community investment) and $18 million related to other notable items ($15 million in top efficiency initiatives and $3 million of home equity operational items); income tax expense included $340 million of benefit associated with notable items driven by the 2017 tax legislation of $331 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment and $9 million of tax benefit related to colleague and community investment; net income included $317 million of after-tax notable items consisting of a $318 million benefit related the december 2017 tax legislation ($331 million of net deferred tax liability adjustment partially offset by $13 million of after-tax colleague and community investment), $10 million of after-tax gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction offset by $11 million of after-tax other notable items ($9 million in after-tax top efficiency initiatives and $2 million of after-tax home equity operational items); and net income per average common share, basic and diluted, included $0.64 related to notable items, primarily driven by the 2017 tax legislation.
(7) second quarter 2017 noninterest income included $11 million of lease impairment credit-related costs and noninterest expense included $15 million of lease impairment credit-related costs.
(8) first quarter 2017 income tax expense and net income included a $23 million benefit related to the settlement of certain tax matters and net income per average common share, basic and diluted, included $0.04 benefit related to the settlement of certain tax matters.
(9) ratios for the periods above are presented on an annualized basis.
(10) excludes loans held for sale of $1.3 billion, $1.3 billion, $710 million, $800 million, $718 million, $1.2 billion, $707 million, and $669 million as of december 31, 2018, september 30, 2018, june 30, 2018, march 31, 2018, december 31, 2017, september 30, 2017, june 30, 2017 and march 31, 2017, respectively.
(11) the capital ratios and associated components are prepared using the u.s. basel iii standardized transitional approach. the december 31, 2017 capital ratios reflect the retrospective adoption of fasb asu 2018-02, income statement-reporting comprehensive income (topic 220): reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. see "-results of operations - 2017 compared with 2016 - income tax expense" for additional information.
(12) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" represents cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(13) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(14) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(15) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
81
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis capital and regulatory matters as a bank holding company and a financial holding company, we are subject to regulation and supervision by the frb. as of december 31, 2018, our primary subsidiaries were cbna, a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the occ, and cbpa, a pennsylvania-chartered savings bank regulated by the department of banking of the commonwealth of pennsylvania and supervised by the fdic as its primary federal regulator. on january 2, 2019, we consolidated our banking subsidiaries via a merger of cbpa into cbna in order to streamline governance and enterprise risk management, improve cbna's risk profile and gain operational efficiencies. cbna is now our primary subsidiary and our sole banking subsidiary.
our regulation and supervision continues to evolve as the legal and regulatory frameworks governing our operations continue to change. the current operating environment reflects heightened regulatory expectations around many regulations including consumer compliance, the bank secrecy act, anti-money laundering compliance, and increased internal audit activities. for more information, see "regulation and supervision" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
dodd-frank act and economic growth, regulatory relief and consumer protection act under the dodd-frank act, until the stress testing amendments of egrrcpa take effect, we are required to submit our annual capital plan and the results of our annual company-run stress tests to the frb by april 5th of each year and disclose certain results within 15 days after the frb discloses the results of its supervisory-run tests. egrrcpa amended the dodd-frank act by, among other things, effective november 24, 2019, removing the requirements for firms with between $100 billion or more but less than $250 billion, such as citizens, to conduct company-run stress tests and to be subject to supervisory stress testing (although the frb retains discretion to subject such firms to these requirements). in light of these amendments, the frb has exempted citizens from supervisory and company-run stress testing requirements for the 2019 cycle and proposed to conduct supervisory stress tests on a biennial basis and to eliminate company-run stress testing requirements for certain bhcs, including citizens. we publish estimated dfast results under the supervisory severely adverse scenario on our regulatory filings and disclosures page on our investor relations website at http://investor.citizensbank.com. on april 5, 2018, we submitted our 2018 capital plan, capital policy and annual stress test results to the frb as part of the 2018 ccar process. on june 28, 2018, the frb announced that it did not object to our 2018 capital plan including our proposed capital actions for the period beginning july 1, 2018 and ending june 30, 2019. our 2018 capital plan includes quarterly common dividends of $0.27 per share in third and fourth quarter 2018, increasing to $0.32 per share in first and second quarter 2019, and common share repurchases of up to $1.02 billion through second quarter 2019. while the regulatory landscape of capital planning and stress testing continues to evolve, we maintain a robust inventory of potential actions that could be taken to restore capital, liquidity or both in the event of market or idiosyncratic financial stress. we continue to comply with all regulatory requirements for capital planning and stress testing as well as internal policy governing capital actions.
the dodd-frank act also required our bank subsidiary to conduct stress tests on an annual basis and to disclose the stress test results. under egrrcpa, effective november 2019, banks with total consolidated assets between $100 billion and $250 billion, such as cbna, will not be required to conduct annual company-run stress tests. in december 2018, the occ proposed to implement this change and, if enacted as proposed, we believe that cbna will not be required to conduct its annual company-run stress tests during 2019. cbna submitted its 2018 annual stress tests to the occ on april 5, 2018 and published, on our investor relations website referenced above, a summary of those results along with the stress test results of the parent company on june 21, 2018.
similarly, we are required to submit the results of our mid-cycle company-run dfast stress tests by october 5th of each year to the frb and disclose the summary results of our internally developed stress tests under the internally developed severely adverse scenario between october 5th and november 4th. we submitted the results of our 2018 mid-cycle stress test to the frb and disclosed a summary of the results on october 5, 2018. we publish these company-run estimated impacts of stress on our investor relations website referenced above. the frb has proposed to eliminate mid-cycle company-run dfast stress tests, effective with the 2020 capital planning and stress testing cycle and, as with the other capital planning and stress testing requirements for the 2019 cycle, has exempted citizens from this requirement for the 2019 cycle.
82
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis capital framework under the u.s. basel iii capital framework, we and our banking subsidiaries must meet specific minimum requirements for the following ratios: common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital, total capital, and tier 1 leverage. the table below presents our actual regulatory capital ratios under the u.s. basel iii standardized rules:
actual      required minimum plus required ccb for non-leverage ratios(5)(6)
(in millions, except ratio data)                amount     ratio december 31, 2018
common equity tier 1 capital(1)           $14,485      10.6    %                                6.4
tier 1 capital(2)                          15,325      11.3                                     7.9
total capital(3)                           18,157      13.3                                     9.9
tier 1 leverage(4)                         15,325      10.0                                     4.0
risk-weighted assets                      136,202
quarterly adjusted average assets         153,026
december 31, 2017
common equity tier 1 capital(1)           $14,309      11.2    %                                5.8                                  %
tier 1 capital(2)                          14,556      11.4                                     7.3
total capital(3)                           17,781      13.9                                     9.3
tier 1 leverage(4)                         14,556      10.0                                     4.0
risk-weighted assets                      127,692
quarterly adjusted average assets         145,601
(1) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" is cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(2) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(3) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(4) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(5) required "minimum capital ratio" for 2018 and 2017 are: common equity tier 1 capital of 4.5%; tier 1 capital of 6.0%; total capital of 8.0%; and tier 1 leverage of 4.0%.
(6) "minimum capital ratio" includes capital conservation buffer for transitional basel iii of 1.875% for 2018 and 1.250% for 2017; n/a to tier 1 leverage.
at december 31, 2018, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were 10.6%, 11.3% and 13.3%, respectively, as compared with 11.2%, 11.4% and 13.9%, respectively, as of december 31, 2017. the cet1 capital ratio decreased as $8.5 billion of risk-weighted asset growth, including $1.5 billion from famc, goodwill and intangible growth attributable to the famc acquisition, and capital plan actions that included common dividends of $471 million, preferred dividends of $29 million and repurchase of $1.025 billion of our outstanding common stock, were partially offset by net income for the year ended december 31, 2018. the tier 1 capital ratio decreased due to the changes in cet1 capital ratio, partially offset by the issuance of preferred stock. the total capital ratio decreased due to the changes in cet1 and tier 1 capital ratios, as well as the june 2018 redemption of subordinated debt and an increase in non-qualifying subordinated debt. at december 31, 2018, our cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were approximately 363 basis points, 275 basis points and 283 basis points, respectively, above their regulatory minima plus the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer. all ratios remained well above the u.s. basel iii minima.
regulatory capital ratios and capital composition cet1 capital under u.s. basel iii standardized rules totaled $14.5 billion at december 31, 2018, and increased $176 million from $14.3 billion at december 31, 2017, as net income for the year ended december 31, 2018 was partially offset by the impact of common share repurchases, dividends and an increase in goodwill and intangibles related to the famc acquisition. tier 1 capital at december 31, 2018 totaled $15.3 billion, reflecting a $769 million increase from $14.6 billion at december 31, 2017, driven by the changes in cet1 capital and the issuance of preferred stock. at december 31, 2018, we had $840 million of fixed-to-floating non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued and outstanding, an increase of $593 million from $247 million at december 31, 2017. the increase is attributable to the second quarter 2018 issuance of 300,000 shares of series b preferred stock and the fourth quarter 2018 issuance of 300,000 shares of series c preferred stock, both of which qualified as additional tier 1 capital. total capital of $18.2 billion at december 31, 2018, increased $376 million from december 31, 2017, driven by the changes in cet1 and tier 1 capital, partially offset by the june 2018 redemption of subordinated debt and an increase in non-qualifying subordinated debt.
83
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis risk-weighted assets ("rwa") totaled $136.2 billion at december 31, 2018, based on u.s. basel iii standardized rules, up $8.5 billion from december 31, 2017. this increase was driven by growth in commercial loans and commitments, as well as growth in retail loans including residential mortgages, education and unsecured retail portfolios. the increase in rwa was also driven by the acquisition of famc mortgage servicing rights. these increases were partially offset by run-off in the auto and home equity portfolios.
as of december 31, 2018, the tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.0% and was stable with december 31, 2017 as the $7.4 billion increase in quarterly adjusted average assets was offset by the increase in tier 1 capital.
the following table presents our capital composition under the u.s. basel iii capital framework:
(in millions)                                                                                 december 31, 2018             december 31, 2017
total common stockholders' equity                                                               $19,977                       $20,023
exclusions:(1)
net unrealized losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax:
debt and equity securities                                                                          490                           236
derivatives                                                                                         143                           143
unamortized net periodic benefit costs                                                              463                           441
deductions:
goodwill                                                                                         (6,923   )                    (6,887   )
deferred tax liability associated with goodwill                                                     366                           355
other intangible assets                                                                             (31   )                        (2   )
total common equity tier 1                                                                       14,485                        14,309
qualifying preferred stock                                                                          840                           247
total tier 1 capital                                                                             15,325                        14,556
qualifying subordinated debt(2)                                                                   1,499                         1,901
allowance for loan and lease losses                                                               1,242                         1,236
allowance for credit losses for off-balance sheet exposure                                           91                            88
total capital                                                                                   $18,157                       $17,781
(1) as a u.s. basel iii standardized approach institution, we selected the one-time election to opt-out of the requirements to include all the components of aoci.
(2) as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the amount of non-qualifying subordinated debt excluded from regulatory capital was $139 million and $70 million, respectively.
capital adequacy process our assessment of capital adequacy begins with our risk appetite and risk management framework. this framework provides for the identification, measurement and management of material risks. capital requirements are determined for actual and forecasted risk portfolios using applicable regulatory capital methodologies. the assessment also considers the possible impacts of approved and proposed changes to regulatory capital requirements. key analytical frameworks, including stress testing, which enable the assessment of capital adequacy versus unexpected loss under a variety of stress scenarios, supplement our base line forecast. a governance framework supports our capital planning process, including capital management policies and procedures that document capital adequacy metrics and limits, as well as our capital contingency plan and the active engagement of both the legal-entity boards and senior management in oversight and decision-making.
forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy feed development of a single capital plan covering us and our banking subsidiary that is periodically submitted to the frb. we prepare this plan in full compliance with the frb's capital plan rule and we participate annually in the frb's horizontal capital review, which is the frb's assessment of specific capital planning areas as part of their normal supervisory process.
all distributions proposed under our capital plan are subject to consideration and approval by our board of directors prior to execution. the timing and exact amount of future dividends and share repurchases will depend on various factors, including our capital position, financial performance and market conditions.
84
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis capital transactions the following capital actions were completed by the company during 2018:
   declared and paid quarterly common stock dividends of $0.22 per share for the first and second quarters of 2018, and $0.27 per share for the third and fourth quarters of 2018, aggregating to common stock dividend payments of $471 million;
   declared semi-annual dividends of $27.50 per share on the 5.500% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series a preferred stock, aggregating to $14 million;
   issued $300 million, or 300,000 shares, of 6.000% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series b preferred stock (the "series b preferred stock"), par value of $25.00 per share with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, and received net proceeds of $296 million;
   declared semi-annual dividends of $37.00 per share on the 6.000% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series b preferred stock, aggregating to $11 million;
   issued $300 million, or 300,000 shares, of 6.375% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series c preferred stock (the "series c preferred stock"), par value of $25.00 per share with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, and received net proceeds of $297 million;
   declared quarterly dividends of $12.57 per share on the 6.375% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series c preferred stock, aggregating to $4 million;
   repurchased $1.025 billion of our outstanding common stock; and
   redeemed $333 million of our 5.158% fixed-to-floating rate callable subordinated debt due june 29, 2023.
banking subsidiaries' capital the following table presents our banking subsidiaries' capital ratios under u.s. basel iii standardized rules:
december 31, 2018                 december 31, 2017
(dollars in millions)                        amount             ratio          amount             ratio citizens bank, national association common equity tier 1 capital (1)            $11,994        10.6   %           $11,917        11.4   %
tier 1 capital(2)                            11,994        10.6                11,917        11.4
total capital(3)                             14,252        12.5                14,127        13.5
tier 1 leverage(4)                           11,994         9.9                11,917        10.3
risk-weighted assets                        113,610                           104,767
quarterly adjusted average assets           121,686                           115,291
citizens bank of pennsylvania (5)
common equity tier 1 capital (1)             $3,026        13.2   %            $3,045        12.9   %
tier 1 capital(2)                             3,026        13.2                 3,045        12.9
total capital(3)                              3,226        14.1                 3,284        13.9
tier 1 leverage(4)                            3,026         9.0                 3,045         8.7
risk-weighted assets                         22,922                            23,659
quarterly adjusted average assets            33,462                            34,821
(1) "common equity tier 1 capital ratio" is cet1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(2) "tier 1 capital ratio" is tier 1 capital, which includes cet1 capital plus non-cumulative perpetual preferred equity that qualifies as additional tier 1 capital, divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(3) "total capital ratio" is total capital divided by total risk-weighted assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(4) "tier 1 leverage ratio" is tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets as defined under u.s. basel iii standardized approach.
(5) on january 2, 2019, we consolidated our banking subsidiaries via a merger of cbpa into cbna.
cbna cet1 capital totaled $12.0 billion at december 31, 2018, up $77 million from $11.9 billion at december 31, 2017 reflecting net income for the year ended december 31, 2018, partially offset by dividend payments and an increase in goodwill and intangibles related to the famc acquisition. at december 31, 2018, cbna held minimal additional tier 1 capital. total capital was $14.3 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $125 million from december 31, 2017, driven by the increase in cet1 capital, and an increase in the acl.
cbna had rwa of $113.6 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $8.8 billion from december 31, 2017 driven by growth in commercial loans and commitments, as well as growth in retail loans including residential
85
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis mortgages, education and unsecured retail portfolios. the increase in rwa was also driven by famc, which resulted in higher mortgage servicing rights. these increases were partially offset by run-off in the auto and home equity portfolios.
as of december 31, 2018, the cbna tier 1 leverage ratio decreased 48 basis points to 9.9% from 10.3% as of december 31, 2017, primarily driven by a $6.4 billion increase in quarterly adjusted average assets that drove a 54 basis point decline in the ratio.
cbpa cet1 capital totaled $3.0 billion at december 31, 2018, a decrease of $19 million at december 31, 2017, as dividend payments exceeded net income. total capital was $3.2 billion at december 31, 2018, a decrease of $58 million from december 31, 2017, driven by the decrease in cet1 capital and a decrease in the acl.
cbpa had rwa of $22.9 billion at december 31, 2018, a decrease of $737 million from december 31, 2017, driven by decreases in the auto, education, residential mortgage and home equity portfolios. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in commercial loans.
as of december 31, 2018, the cbpa tier 1 leverage ratio was 9.0%, an increase of 30 basis points from december 31, 2017, primarily driven by a $1.4 billion decrease in quarterly adjusted average assets that drove a 35 basis point increase in the ratio.
liquidity liquidity is defined as our ability to meet our cash-flow and collateral obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. an institution must maintain operating liquidity to meet its expected daily and forecasted cash-flow requirements, as well as contingent liquidity to meet unexpected (stress scenario) funding requirements. as noted earlier, reflecting the importance of meeting all unexpected and stress-scenario funding requirements, we identify and manage contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb, unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities, and unused fhlb borrowing capacity). separately, we also identify and manage asset liquidity as a subset of contingent liquidity (consisting of cash balances at the frb and unencumbered high-quality securities). we consider the effective and prudent management of liquidity to be fundamental to our health and strength.
we manage liquidity at the consolidated enterprise level and at each material legal entity, including at the parent company and cbna.
parent company liquidity our parent company's primary sources of cash are (i) dividends and interest received from cbna as a result of investing in bank equity and subordinated debt and (ii) externally issued preferred stock and senior and subordinated debt. uses of cash include the following: (i) routine cash flow requirements as a bank holding company, including periodic share repurchases and payments of dividends, interest and expenses; (ii) needs of subsidiaries, including cbna, for additional equity and, as required, its need for debt financing; and (iii) support for extraordinary funding requirements when necessary. to the extent that the parent company has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest.
on january 29, 2019, the parent company issued $300 million, or 12,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of its 6.350% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual series d preferred stock, par value of $25.00 per share with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share). for further discussion, see note 16 "stockholders' equity" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
for further information on outstanding debt and preferred stock, see note 12 "borrowed funds" and note 16 "stockholders' equity" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the parent company declared and paid dividends on common stock of $471 million and $322 million, respectively, and declared dividends on preferred stock of $29 million and $14 million, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the parent company repurchased $1.025 billion and $820 million of its outstanding common stock, respectively.
our parent company's cash and cash equivalents represent a source of liquidity that can be used to meet various needs and totaled $911 million as of december 31, 2018 compared with $443 million as of december 31, 2017. the parent company's double-leverage ratio (the combined equity investment in parent company subsidiaries
86
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis divided by parent company equity) is a measure of reliance on equity cash flows from subsidiaries to fund parent company obligations. at december 31, 2018, the parent company's double-leverage ratio was 99%.
cbna liquidity in the ordinary course of business, the liquidity of cbna is managed by matching sources and uses of cash. the primary sources of bank liquidity include (i) deposits from our consumer and commercial customers; (ii) payments of principal and interest on loans and debt securities; and (iii) wholesale borrowings, as needed, and as described under "-liquidity risk management and governance." the primary uses of bank liquidity include (i) withdrawals and maturities of deposits; (ii) payment of interest on deposits; (iii) funding of loans and related commitments; and (iv) funding of securities purchases. to the extent that cbna has relied on wholesale borrowings, uses also include payments of related principal and interest. for further information on cbna's outstanding debt, see note 12 "borrowed funds" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
cbna's major businesses involve taking deposits and making loans. hence, a key role of liquidity management is to ensure that customers have timely access to funds from deposits and loans. liquidity management also involves maintaining sufficient liquidity to repay wholesale borrowings, pay operating expenses and support extraordinary funding requirements when necessary.
on february 14, 2019, cbna issued $1.5 billion in senior notes, consisting of $700 million in three-year fixed-rate notes, $300 million in three-year floating-rate notes, and $500 million in seven-year fixed-rate notes.
liquidity risk we define liquidity risk as the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its payment obligations in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost. liquidity risk can arise due to contingent liquidity risk and/or funding liquidity risk.
contingent liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions may reduce an entity's ability to liquidate, pledge and/or finance certain assets and thereby substantially reduce the liquidity value of such assets. drivers of contingent liquidity risk include general market disruptions as well as specific issues regarding the credit quality and/or valuation of a security or loan, issuer or borrower and/or asset class.
funding liquidity risk is the risk that market conditions and/or entity-specific events may reduce an entity's ability to raise funds from depositors and/or wholesale market counterparties. drivers of funding liquidity risk may be idiosyncratic or systemic, reflecting impediments to operations and/or damaged market confidence.
factors affecting liquidity given the composition of its assets and borrowing sources, contingent liquidity risk at cbna would be materially affected by such events as deterioration of financing markets for high-quality securities (e.g., mortgage-backed securities and other instruments issued by the gnma, fnma and the fhlmc), by any inability of the fhlbs to provide collateralized advances and/or by a refusal of the frb to act as lender of last resort in systemic stress.
similarly, given the structure of its balance sheet, the funding liquidity risk of cbna would be materially affected by an adverse idiosyncratic event (e.g., a major loss, causing a perceived or actual deterioration in its financial condition), an adverse systemic event (e.g., default or bankruptcy of a significant capital markets participant), or a combination of both (e.g., the financial crisis of 2008-2010). however, during the financial crisis, cbna reduced its dependence on unsecured wholesale funding to virtually zero. consequently, and despite ongoing exposure to a variety of idiosyncratic and systemic events, we view our contingent liquidity risk and our funding liquidity risk to be relatively modest.
87
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis an additional variable affecting our access, and the access of cbna, to unsecured wholesale market funds and to large denomination (i.e., uninsured) customer deposits is the credit ratings assigned by such agencies as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch. the following table presents our credit ratings:
december 31, 2018
moody's         standard andpoor's         fitch citizens financial group, inc.:
long-term issuer                       nr              bbb+                       bbb+
short-term issuer                      nr              a-2                        f2
subordinated debt                      nr              bbb                        bbb preferred stock                        nr              bb+                        bb-
citizens bank, national association:
long-term issuer                       baa1            a-                         bbb+
short-term issuer                      nr              a-2                        f2
long-term deposits                     a1              nr                         a-
short-term deposits                    p-1             nr                         f2
nr = not rated changes in our public credit ratings could affect both the cost and availability of our wholesale funding. as a result and in order to maintain a conservative funding profile, cbna continues to minimize reliance on unsecured wholesale funding. at december 31, 2018, our wholesale funding consisted primarily of secured borrowings from the fhlbs collateralized by high-quality residential mortgages and term debt issued by the parent company and cbna.
the frb and the occ regularly evaluate our liquidity as part of the overall supervisory process. in addition we are subject to existing and evolving regulatory liquidity requirements, some of which are subject to further rulemaking, guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. for further discussion, see "regulation and supervision - financial regulatory reform" and "-liquidity requirements" in part i, item 1 - business, included in this report.
liquidity risk management and governance liquidity risk is measured and managed by the funding and liquidity unit within our treasury unit in accordance with policy guidelines promulgated by our board and the asset liability committee. in managing liquidity risk, the funding and liquidity unit delivers regular and comprehensive reporting, including current levels versus threshold limits for a broad set of liquidity metrics and early warning indicators, explanatory commentary relating to emerging risk trends and, as appropriate, recommended remedial strategies.
the mission of our funding and liquidity unit is to deliver and otherwise maintain prudent levels of operating liquidity (to support expected and projected funding requirements), and contingent liquidity (to support unexpected funding requirements resulting from idiosyncratic, systemic, and combination stress events, and regulatory liquidity requirements). additionally, we will deliver this liquidity from stable funding sources, in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost, without significant adverse consequences.
we seek to accomplish this mission by funding loans with stable deposits; by prudently controlling dependence on wholesale funding, particularly short-term unsecured funding; and by maintaining ample available liquidity, including a contingent liquidity buffer of unencumbered high-quality loans and securities. as of december 31, 2018:
   core deposits continued to be our primary source of funding and our consolidated year-end loan-to-deposit ratio was 97.6%;
   our cash position (which is defined as cash balance held at the frb) totaled $3.0 billion;
   contingent liquidity was $26.9 billion, consisting of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets of $19.1 billion, unused fhlb capacity of $4.8 billion, and our cash position (defined above) of $3.0 billion. asset liquidity (a component of contingent liquidity) was $22.1 billion, consisting of our cash position of $3.0 billion and unencumbered high-quality and liquid securities of $19.1 billion; and
   available discount window capacity, defined as available total borrowing capacity from the frb based on identified collateral, is secured by non-mortgage commercial and retail loans and totaled $12.3 billion. use of this borrowing capacity would be considered only during exigent circumstances.
88
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the funding and liquidity unit monitors a variety of liquidity and funding metrics and early warning indicators and metrics, including specific risk thresholds limits. these monitoring tools are broadly classified as follows:
   current liquidity sources and capacities, including cash at the frbs, free and liquid securities and available and secured fhlb borrowing capacity;
   liquidity stress sources, including idiosyncratic, systemic and combined stresses, in addition to evolving regulatory requirements such as the lcr and the nsfr; and
   current and prospective exposures, including secured and unsecured wholesale funding and spot and cumulative cash-flow gaps across a variety of horizons.
further, certain of these metrics are monitored individually for cbna, and for our consolidated enterprise on a daily basis, including cash position, unencumbered securities, asset liquidity, and available fhlb borrowing capacity. in order to identify emerging trends and risks and inform funding decisions, specific metrics are also forecasted over a one-year horizon.
cash flows from operating activities contributed $1.8 billion in 2018, led by net income of $1.7 billion, proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale of $8.1 billion and proceeds from sales of commercial loans held for sale of $1.9 billion, partially offset by originations of mortgage loans held for sale of $8.0 billion and purchases of commercial loans held for sale of $1.9 billion. net cash used by investing activities was $7.1 billion, primarily reflecting a net increase in loans and leases of $6.4 billion, purchases of debt securities available for sale of $4.3 billion and the acquisition of famc, partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of $4.3 billion. cash provided by financing activities was $6.4 billion, driven by proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowed funds of $22.5 billion, a net increase in deposits of $4.5 billion and net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock of $593 million, partially offset by repayments of long-term fhlb advances of $14.5 billion and a net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of $5.2 billion. the $22.5 billion proceeds included $21.8 billion in fhlb advances and $750 million from issuances of medium term debt. these activities represented a cumulative increase in cash and cash equivalents of $1.0 billion, which, when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of $3.0 billion at the beginning of the year, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of $4.1 billion as of december 31, 2018.
cash flows from operating activities contributed $1.9 billion in 2017, led by net income of $1.7 billion, proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale of $3.2 billion and proceeds from sales of commercial loans held for sale of $2.0 billion, partially offset by originations of mortgage loans held for sale of $2.9 billion and purchases of commercial loans held for sale of $2.1 billion. net cash used by investing activities was $4.0 billion, primarily reflecting a net increase in loans and leases of $3.6 billion and securities available for sale portfolio purchases of $5.4 billion, partially offset by proceeds from maturities, paydowns and sales of securities available for sale of $4.7 billion. cash provided by financing activities was $1.4 billion, driven by proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowed funds of $15.4 billion and a net increase in deposits of $5.3 billion, partially offset by repayments of long-term borrowed funds of $12.8 billion and a net decrease in other short-term borrowed funds of $5.0 billion. the $15.4 billion proceeds included $3.3 billion from issuances of medium term debt and $12.1 billion in fhlb advances. the $12.8 billion of repayments were all related to fhlb advances. these activities represented a cumulative decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $672 million, which, when added to the cash and cash equivalents balance of $3.7 billion at the beginning of the year, resulted in an ending balance of cash and cash equivalents of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2017.
89
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis contractual obligations the following table presents our outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018:
(in millions)                                                            total               less than 1 year            1 to 3 years           3 to 5 years        more than 5 years deposits with a stated maturity of less than one year (1) (2)         $100,233               $100,233                       $-                     $-                      $-
term deposits (1)                                                       19,342                 15,889                    3,168                    280                       5
long-term borrowed funds (1) (3)                                        14,433                      -                   11,298                  1,838                   1,297
contractual interest payments (4)                                        1,105                    418                      397                    176                     114
operating lease obligations                                                895                    165                      289                    194                     247
purchase obligations (5)                                                   725                    408                      203                     88                      26
total outstanding contractual obligations                             $136,733               $117,113                  $15,355                 $2,576                  $1,689
(1) deposits and long-term borrowed funds exclude interest.
(2) includes demand, checking with interest, regular savings, and money market account deposits. see "-deposits" for further information.
(3) includes obligations under capital leases.
(4) includes accrued interest and future contractual interest obligations related to long-term borrowed funds.
(5) includes purchase obligations for goods and services covered by non-cancelable contracts and contracts including cancellation fees.
off-balance sheet arrangements the following table presents our outstanding off-balance sheet arrangements. see note 18 "commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report:
december 31,
(in millions)                                           2018                   2017                change           percent undrawn commitments to extend credit                 $69,553                $62,959                $6,594                10   %
letters of credit                                      2,125                  2,136                   (11   )            (1   )
marketing rights                                          37                     41                    (4   )           (10   )
risk participation agreements                             19                     16       3                              19
residential mortgage loans sold with recourse              5                      7                    (2   )           (29   )
total                                                $71,739                $65,159                $6,580                10   %
critical accounting estimates our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in this report, are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our audited consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on our audited consolidated financial statements. estimates are made using facts and circumstances known at a point in time. changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. the most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
see note 1 "basis of presentation" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report, for further discussion of our significant accounting policies.
allowance for credit losses management's estimate of probable losses in our loan and lease portfolios including unfunded lending commitments is recorded in the alll and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, at levels that we believe to be appropriate as of the balance sheet date. the reserve for unfunded lending commitments is reported as a component of other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. our determination of such estimates is based on a periodic evaluation of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded credit facilities, as well as other relevant factors. this evaluation is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates and judgments of underlying factors, all of which are susceptible to change.
90
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments could be affected by a variety of internal and external factors. internal factors include portfolio performance such as delinquency levels, assigned risk ratings, the mix and level of loan balances, differing economic risks associated with each loan category and the financial condition of specific borrowers. external factors include fluctuations in the general economy, unemployment rates, bankruptcy filings, developments within a particular industry, changes in collateral values and factors particular to a specific commercial credit such as competition, business and management performance. the alll may be adjusted to reflect our current assessment of various qualitative risks, factors and events that may not be measured in our statistical procedures. there is no certainty that the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments will be appropriate over time to cover losses because of unanticipated adverse changes in any of these internal, external or qualitative factors. there were no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques compared with prior years that impacted the determination of the current year's alll and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.
the evaluation of the adequacy of the commercial, commercial real estate, and lease alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments is primarily based on risk rating models that assess probability of default ("pd"), loss given default ("lgd") and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. the models are primarily driven by individual customer financial characteristics and are validated against historical experience. additionally, qualitative factors are included in the risk rating models. after the aggregation of individual borrower incurred loss, additional overlays can be made based on back-testing against historical losses and forward loss curve ratios.
for nonaccruing commercial and commercial real estate loans with an outstanding balance of $3 million or greater and for all commercial and commercial real estate tdrs (regardless of size), we conduct specific analysis on a loan level basis to determine the probable amount of credit loss. if appropriate, a specific alll is established for the loan through a charge to the provision for credit losses. for all classes of impaired loans, individual loan measures of impairment may result in a charge-off to the alll, if deemed appropriate. in such cases, the provision for credit losses is not affected when a specific reserve for at least that amount already exists. techniques utilized include comparing the loan's carrying amount to the estimated present value of its future cash flows, the fair value of its underlying collateral, or the loan's observable market price. the technique applied to each impaired loan is based on the workout officer's opinion of the most probable workout scenario. historically, this has generally led to the use of the estimated present value of future cash flows approach. the fair value of underlying collateral will be used if the loan is deemed collateral dependent. for loans that use the fair value of underlying collateral approach, a charge-off assessment is performed quarterly to write the loans down for declines in value to fair value less cost to sell.
for most non-impaired retail loan portfolio types, the alll is based upon the incurred loss model utilizing the pd, lgd and exposure at default on an individual loan basis. when developing these factors, we may consider the loan product and collateral type, delinquency status, ltv ratio, lien position, borrower's credit, time outstanding, geographic location and incurred loss period. incurred loss periods are reviewed and updated at least annually, and potentially more frequently when economic situations change rapidly, as they tend to fluctuate with economic cycles. incurred loss periods are generally longer in good economic times and shorter in bad times. certain retail portfolios, including education, unsecured personal loans, sbo home equity loans and credit card receivables utilize roll rate or vintage models to estimate the alll.
for home equity lines and loans, a number of factors impact the pd. specifically, the borrower's current fico score, the utilization rate, delinquency statistics, borrower income, current cltv ratio and months on books are all used to assess the borrower's creditworthiness. similarly, lgd is also impacted by various factors, including the utilization rate, the cltv ratio, the lien position, the housing price index change for the location (as measured by the case-shiller index), age of the loan and current loan balance.
when we are not in a first lien position, we use delinquency information on the first lien exposures obtained from third-party credit information providers in the credit assessment. for all first liens, whether owned by a third party or by us, an additional assessment is performed on a quarterly basis. in this assessment, the most recent three months' performance of the senior liens is reviewed for delinquency (90 days or more past due), modification, foreclosure and/or bankruptcy statuses. if any derogatory status is present, the junior lien will be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of its delinquency status on our books. this subsequent change to nonaccrual status will alter the treatment in the pd model, thus affecting the reserve calculation.
in addition, the first lien exposure is combined with the second lien exposure to generate a cltv. the cltv is a more accurate reflection of the leverage of the borrower against the property value, as compared to the ltv from just the junior lien(s). the cltv is used for modeling both the junior lien pd and lgd. this also impacts the alll rates for the junior lien helocs.
91
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the above measures are all used to assess the pd and lgd for heloc borrowers for whom we originated the loans.
for retail tdrs that are not collateral-dependent, allowances are developed using the present value of expected future cash flows, compared to the recorded investment in the loans. expected re-default factors are considered in this analysis. retail tdrs that are deemed collateral-dependent are written down to the fair market value of the collateral less costs to sell. the fair value of collateral is periodically monitored subsequent to the modification.
changes in the levels of estimated losses can significantly affect management's determination of an appropriate alll. for retail loans, losses are affected by such factors as loss severity, collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. a one basis point and five basis point increase in the estimated loss rate for retail loans at december 31, 2018 would have increased the alll by $6 million and $30 million, respectively. the alll for our commercial banking segment is sensitive to assigned credit risk ratings and inherent loss rates. if 10% and 20% of the december 31, 2018 year end loan balances (including unfunded commitments) within each risk rating category of our commercial banking segment had experienced downgrades of two risk categories, the alll would have increased by $99 million and $194 million, respectively.
commercial loans and leases are charged off to the alll when there is little prospect of collecting either principal or interest. charge-offs of commercial loans and leases usually involve receipt of borrower-specific adverse information. for commercial collateral-dependent loans, an appraisal or other valuation is used to quantify a shortfall between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment in the commercial loan. retail loan charge-offs are generally based on established delinquency thresholds rather than borrower-specific adverse information. when a loan is collateral-dependent, any shortfalls between the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell and the recorded investment is promptly charged off. placing any loan or lease on nonaccrual status does not by itself require a partial or total charge-off; however, any identified losses are charged off at that time.
for additional information regarding the alll and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, see note 1 "basis of presentation" and note 5 "allowance for credit losses, nonperforming assets and concentrations of credit risk" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
fair value we measure fair value using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. fair value is based upon quoted market prices in an active market, where available. if quoted prices are not available, observable market-based inputs or independently sourced parameters are used to develop fair value, whenever possible. such inputs may include prices of similar assets or liabilities, yield curves, interest rates, prepayment speeds and foreign exchange rates.
we classify our assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value in accordance with the three-level valuation hierarchy:
   level 1. quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
   level 2. observable inputs other than level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar instruments; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and
   level 3. unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market information and that are significant to the fair value measurement.
classification in the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability. for instruments classified in level 1 and 2 where inputs are primarily based upon observable market data, there is less judgment applied in arriving at the fair value. for instruments classified in level 3, management judgment is more significant due to the lack of observable market data.
we review and update the fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. changes from one quarter to the next related to the observability of inputs in fair value measurements may result in a reclassification between the fair value hierarchy levels and are recognized based on year-end balances. we also verify the accuracy of the pricing provided by our primary external pricing service on a quarterly basis. this process involves using a secondary external vendor to provide valuations for our securities portfolio for comparison purposes. any securities with discrepancies beyond a certain threshold are researched and, if necessary, valued by an independent outside broker.
92
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis fair value is also used on a nonrecurring basis to evaluate certain assets for impairment or for disclosure purposes. examples of nonrecurring uses of fair value include mortgage servicing rights accounted for by the amortization method, loan impairments for certain loans and goodwill.
the fair value of assets under operating leases is determined using collateral specific pricing digests, external appraisals, broker opinions, recent sales data from industry equipment dealers, and the discounted cash flows derived from the underlying lease agreement. as market data for similar assets and lease agreements is available and used in the valuation, these assets are classified as level 2.
msrs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. msrs are classified as level 3 since the valuation methodology utilizes significant unobservable inputs. the fair value was calculated using a discounted cash flow model which used assumptions, including weighted-average life, prepayment assumptions and weighted-average option adjusted spread. it is important to note that changes in our assumptions may not be independent of each other. changes in one assumption may result in changes to another (e.g., changes in interest rates, which are inversely correlated to changes in prepayment rates, may result in changes to discount rates), which could impact sensitivities. the underlying assumptions and estimated values are corroborated by values received from independent third parties based on their review of the servicing portfolio, and comparisons to market transactions. in addition, the msr policy is approved by the asset liability committee.
for additional information regarding our fair value measurements, see note 1 "basis of presentation," note 3 "securities," note 8 "mortgage banking," note 13 "derivatives," and note 19 "fair value measurements" to our consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data, of this report.
risk governance we are committed to maintaining a strong, integrated and proactive approach to the management of all risks to which we are exposed in pursuit of our business objectives. a key aspect of our board's responsibility as the main decision making body is setting our risk appetite to ensure that the levels of risk that we are willing to accept in the attainment of our strategic business and financial objectives are clearly understood.
to enable our board to carry out its objectives, it has delegated authority for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of those activities, to a number of board and executive management level risk committees. the executive risk committee ("erc"), chaired by the chief risk officer, is responsible for oversight of risk across the enterprise and actively considers our inherent material risks, analyzes our overall risk profile and seeks confirmation that the risks are being appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated. reporting to the erc are the following additional committees, covering specific areas of risk: compliance and operational risk committee, model risk committee, credit policy committee, asset liability committee, business initiatives review committee, and the ethics oversight committee.
risk framework our risk management framework is embedded in our business through a "three lines of defense" model which defines responsibilities and accountabilities for risk management activities.
first line of defense the business lines (including their associated support functions) are the first line of defense and are accountable for identifying, assessing, managing, and controlling the risks associated with the products and services they provide. the business lines are responsible for performing regular risk assessments to identify and assess the material risks that arise in their area of responsibility, complying with relevant risk policies, testing and certifying the adequacy and effectiveness of their operational and financial reporting controls on a regular basis, establishing and documenting operating procedures and establishing and owning a governance structure for identifying and managing risk.
second line of defense the second line of defense includes independent monitoring and control functions accountable for developing and ensuring implementation of risk and control frameworks and related policies. this centralized risk function is appropriately independent from the business and is accountable for overseeing and challenging our business lines on the effective management of their risks, including credit, market, operational, regulatory, reputational, interest rate, liquidity and strategic risks.
93
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis third line of defense our internal audit function is the third line of defense providing independent assurance with a view of the effectiveness of citizens' internal controls, governance practices, and culture so that risk is managed appropriately for the size, complexity, and risk profile of the organization. internal audit has complete and unrestricted access to any and all bank records, physical properties and personnel. internal audit issues a report following each internal review and provides an audit opinion to citizens' audit committee on a quarterly basis.
credit quality assurance reports to the chief audit executive and provides the legal-entity boards, senior management and other stakeholders with independent assurance on the quality of credit portfolios and adherence to agreed credit risk appetite and credit policies and processes. in line with its procedures and regulatory expectations, the credit quality assurance function undertakes a program of portfolio testing, assessing and reporting through four risk pillars of asset quality, rating and data integrity, risk management and credit risk appetite.
risk appetite risk appetite is a strategic business and risk management tool. we define our risk appetite as the maximum limit of acceptable risk beyond which we could be unable to achieve our strategic objectives and capital adequacy obligations.
our principal non-market risks include credit, operational, regulatory, reputational, liquidity and strategic risks. we are also subject to certain market risks which include potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. market risk in our business arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rates, foreign exchange risk and non-trading activities within capital markets. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report on market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks. see "-market risk" for further information. our risk appetite is reviewed and approved annually by the board risk committee.
credit risk overview credit risk represents the potential for loss arising from a customer, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform in accordance with the contractual terms of the obligation. while the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, we do engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, and trading activities. given the financial impact of credit risk on our earnings and balance sheet, the assessment, approval and management of credit risk represents a major part of our overall risk-management responsibility.
objective the independent credit risk function is responsible for reviewing and approving credit risk appetite across all lines of business and credit products, approving larger and higher risk credit transactions, monitoring portfolio performance, identifying problem credit exposures, and ensuring remedial management.
organizational structure management and oversight of credit risk is the responsibility of both the business line and the second line of defense. the second line of defense, the independent credit risk function, is led by the chief credit officer who oversees all of our credit risk. the chief credit officer reports to the chief risk officer. the chief credit officer, acting in a manner consistent with board policies, has responsibility for, among other things, the governance process around policies, procedures, risk acceptance criteria, credit risk appetite, limits and authority delegation. the chief credit officer and team also have responsibility for credit approvals for larger and higher risk transactions and oversight of line of business credit risk activities. reporting to the chief credit officer are the heads of the second line of defense credit functions specializing in: consumer banking, commercial banking, citizens restructuring management, portfolio and corporate reporting, alll analytics, current expected credit loss, and credit policy and administration. each team under these leaders is composed of highly experienced credit professionals.
94
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis governance the primary mechanisms used to govern our credit risk function are our consumer and commercial credit policies. these policies outline the minimum acceptable lending standards that align with our desired risk appetite. material changes in our business model and strategies that identify a need to change our risk appetite or highlight a risk not previously contemplated are identified by the individual committees and presented to the credit policy committee, executive risk committee and the board risk committee for approval, as appropriate.
key management processes we employ a comprehensive and integrated risk control program to proactively (i) identify, (ii) measure, (iii) monitor, and (iv) mitigate existing and emerging credit risks across the credit lifecycle (origination, account management/portfolio management, and loss mitigation and recovery).
consumer on the consumer banking side of credit risk, our teams use models to evaluate consumer loans across the lifecycle of the loan. starting at origination, credit scoring models are used to forecast the probability of default of an applicant. when approving customers for a new loan or extension of an existing credit line, credit scores are used in conjunction with other credit risk variables such as affordability, length of term, collateral value, collateral type, and lien subordination.
to ensure proper oversight of the underwriting teams, lending authority is granted by the second line of defense credit risk function to each underwriter. the amount of delegated authority depends on the experience of the individual. we periodically evaluate the performance of each underwriter and annually reauthorize their delegated authority. only senior members of the second line of defense credit risk team are authorized to approve significant exceptions to credit policies. it is not uncommon to make exceptions to established policies when compensating factors are present. there are exception limits which, when reached, trigger a comprehensive analysis.
once an account is established, credit scores and collateral values are refreshed at regular intervals to allow for proactive identification of increasing or decreasing levels of credit risk. our approach to managing credit risk is highly analytical and, where appropriate, is automated, to ensure consistency and efficiency.
commercial on the commercial banking side of credit risk, the structure is broken into c&i loans and leases and cre. within c&i loans and leases there are separate verticals established for certain specialty products (e.g., asset-based lending, leasing, franchise finance, health care, and technology, mid-corporate). a "specialty vertical" is a stand-alone team of industry or product specialists. substantially all activity that falls under the ambit of the defined industry or product is managed through a specialty vertical when one exists. cre also operates as a specialty vertical.
commercial credit risk management begins with defined credit products and policies.
commercial transactions are subject to individual analysis and approval at origination and, with few exceptions, are subject to a formal annual review requirement. the underwriting process includes the establishment and approval of credit grades that confirm the pd and lgd. all material transactions then require the approval of both a business line approver and an independent credit approver with the requisite level of delegated authority. the approval level of a particular credit facility is determined by the size of the credit relationship as well as the pd. the checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit approver function are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. all authority to grant credit is delegated through the independent credit risk function and is closely monitored and regularly updated.
the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. in addition to the credit analysis conducted during the approval process at origination and annual review, our credit quality assurance group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the portfolio and new originations. this group conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, and validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of the credit processes and the effectiveness of credit risk management.
95
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. concentration risk is managed through limits on industry asset class and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary markets (for this purpose defined as our 11 state footprint plus contiguous states), although we do engage in lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe that the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives.
substantially all loans categorized as classified are managed by a specialized group of credit professionals.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and/or other relevant market rates or prices. modest market risk arises from trading activities that serve customer needs, including hedging of interest rate and foreign exchange risk. as described below, more material market risk arises from our non-trading banking activities, such as loan origination and deposit-gathering. we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. we actively manage both trading and non-trading market risks.
non-trading risk we are exposed to market risk as a result of non-trading banking activities. this market risk is substantially composed of interest rate risk, as we have no direct currency or commodity risk and de minimis equity risk. we also have market risk related to capital markets loan originations, as well as the valuation of our mortgage servicing rights.
interest rate risk interest rate risk emerges from the balance sheet after the aggregation of our assets, liabilities and equity. we refer to this non-trading risk embedded in the balance sheet as "structural interest rate risk" or "interest rate risk in the banking book."
a major source of structural interest rate risk is a difference in the repricing of assets, on the one hand, and liabilities and equity, on the other. first, there are differences in the timing and drivers of rate changes reflecting the maturity and/or repricing of assets and liabilities. for example, the rate earned on a commercial loan may reprice monthly with changes in libor while the rate paid on debt or certificates of deposit may be fixed for a longer period. there are differences in the drivers of rate changes as well. loans may be tied to a specific index rate such as libor or prime, while deposits may be only loosely correlated with libor and depend on competitive demand. due to these basis differences, net interest income is sensitive to changes in spreads between certain indices or repricing rates.
another important source of structural interest rate risk relates to the potential exercise of explicit or embedded options. for example, most consumer loans can be prepaid without penalty; and most consumer deposits can be withdrawn without penalty. the exercise of such options by customers can exacerbate the timing differences discussed above.
a primary source of our structural interest rate risk relates to faster repricing of floating rate loans relative to the retail deposit funding. this source of asset sensitivity is more biased to the short end of the yield curve. for the past few years, the frb has been slowly raising short-term rates to a more neutral stance, and during that time the risk of rising rates seemed biased to the upside and thus we maintained an asset sensitive risk position. as interest rates rose, the risk position became more symmetrical given the possibility of falling rates in the future.
the secondary source of our interest rate risk is driven by longer term rates comprising the rollover or reinvestment risk on fixed rate loans as well as the prepayment risk on mortgage related loans and securities funded by non-rate sensitive deposits and equity.
the primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk within policy limits approved by the board. these limits and guidelines reflect our tolerance for interest rate risk over both short-term and long-term horizons. to ensure that exposure to interest rate risk is managed within this risk appetite, we must both measure the exposure and, as necessary, hedge it. the treasury asset and liability management team is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on the structural interest rate risk position. these exposures are reported on a monthly basis to the asset liability committee and at board meetings.
we measure structural interest rate risk through a variety of metrics intended to quantify both short-term and long-term exposures. the primary method that we use to quantify interest rate risk is simulation analysis in
96
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis which we model net interest income from assets, liabilities and hedge derivative positions under various interest rate scenarios over a three-year horizon. exposure to interest rate risk is reflected in the variation of forecasted net interest income across scenarios.
key assumptions in this simulation analysis relate to the behavior of interest rates and spreads, the changes in product balances and the behavior of loan and deposit clients in different rate environments. the most material of these behavioral assumptions relate to the repricing characteristics and balance fluctuations of deposits with indeterminate (i.e., non-contractual) maturities as well as the pace of mortgage prepayments. assessments are periodically made by running sensitivity analysis of the impact of key assumptions. the results of these analyses are reported to the asset liability committee.
as the future path of interest rates cannot be known in advance, we use simulation analysis to project net interest income under various interest rate scenarios including a "most likely" (implied forward) scenario as well as a variety of deliberately extreme and perhaps unlikely scenarios. these scenarios may assume gradual ramping of the overall level of interest rates, immediate shocks to the level of rates and various yield curve twists in which movements in short- or long-term rates predominate. generally, projected net interest income in any interest rate scenario is compared to net interest income in a base case where market forward rates are realized.
the table below reports net interest income exposures against a variety of interest rate scenarios. our policies involve measuring exposures as a percentage change in net interest income over the next year due to either instantaneous or gradual parallel changes in rates relative to the market implied forward yield curve. with rates rising from historically low levels due to federal open market committee rate increases, exposure to falling rates has increased. as the following table illustrates, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive: net interest income would benefit from an increase in interest rates. exposure to a decline in interest rates is within limit. while an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates was used in this analysis, we believe that any actual shift in interest rates would likely be more gradual and would therefore have a more modest impact as demonstrated in the following table.
the table below presents the sensitivity of net interest income to various parallel yield curve shifts from the market implied forward yield curve:
estimated % change innet interest income over 12 months december 31, basis points                                    2018                                      2017
instantaneous change in interest rates
+200                                             9.5   %                                   9.6   %
+100                                             4.8                                       4.9
-100                                            (4.5   )                                  (5.9   )
gradual change in interest rates
+200                                             4.9                                       5.1
+100                                             2.5                                       2.7
-100                                            (1.1   )                                  (1.8   )
asset sensitivity against a 200 basis point gradual increase in rates was 4.9% at december 31, 2018, a slight decrease from 5.1% at december 31, 2017. as the frb continues to normalize rates, given improved economic growth and data, the upward trend in rates has benefited our net interest income and net interest margin as a result of this asset sensitivity. the risk position can be affected by changes in interest rates which impact the repricing sensitivity or beta of the deposit base as well as the cash flows on prepayable assets. the risk position is managed within our risk limits, and long term view of interest rates, through occasional adjustments to securities investments, interest rate swaps and mix of funding.
we use a valuation measure of exposure to structural interest rate risk, economic value of equity ("eve"), as a supplement to net interest income simulations. eve complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure over a long-term horizon. eve measures the extent to which the economic value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. the change in value is expressed as a percentage of regulatory capital.
capital markets
97
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis a key component of our capital markets activities is the underwriting and distribution of corporate credit facilities to partially finance mergers and acquisitions transactions for our clients.  we have a rigorous risk management process around these activities, including a limit structure capping our underwriting risk, our potential loss, and sub limits for specific asset classes.  further, the ability to approve underwriting exposure is delegated only to senior level individuals in the credit risk management and capital markets organizations with each transaction adjudicated in a formal committee meeting.
mortgage servicing rights we have market risk associated with the value of residential mortgage servicing right assets ("msrs"), which are impacted by various types of inherent risks, including risks related to duration, basis, convexity, volatility and yield curve. we have elected to account for the msrs acquired from famc at fair value while maintaining a lower of cost or market approach on our msrs held before the famc acquisition because the msrs acquired from famc are a separate class of msrs.
as part of our overall risk management strategy relative to the fair market value of the msrs acquired from famc, we enter into various free-standing derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions, interest rate futures, and forward contracts to purchase mortgage-backed securities to economically hedge the changes in fair value. as of december 31, 2018, the fair value of the msrs acquired from famc was $600 million and the total notional amount of related derivative contracts was $4.6 billion. gains and losses on msrs and the related derivatives used for hedging are included in mortgage banking fees on the consolidated statements of operations.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, our msrs held before the famc acquisition had a book value of $221 million and $198 million, respectively, and were carried at the lower of cost or market. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, these msrs had a fair value of $243 million and $218 million, respectively, which exceeded the carrying value at those dates. depending on the interest rate environment, hedges may be used to protect the market value of these msrs.
as with our traded market risk based activities, earnings at risk excludes the impact of msrs. msrs are captured under our single price risk management framework that is used for calculating a management value at risk that is consistent with the definition used by banking regulators, as defined below.
trading risk we are exposed to market risk primarily through client facilitation activities including derivatives and foreign exchange products as well as underwriting and market making activities. exposure is created as a result of changes in interest rates and related basis spreads and volatility, foreign exchange rates, and credit spreads on a select range of interest rates, foreign exchange, commodities and secondary loan instruments. these trading activities are conducted through our two banking subsidiaries, cbna and cbpa.
client facilitation activities consist primarily of interest rate derivatives, financially settled commodity derivatives and foreign exchange contracts where we enter into offsetting trades with a separate counterparty or exchange to manage our market risk exposure. in addition to the aforementioned activities, we operate a secondary loan trading desk with the objective to meet secondary liquidity needs of our issuing clients' transactions and investor clients. we do not engage in any trading activities with the intent to benefit from short term price differences.
we record said rate derivatives and foreign exchange contracts as derivative assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. trading assets and liabilities are carried at fair value with income earned related to these activities included in net interest income. changes in fair value of trading assets and liabilities are reflected in other income, a component of noninterest income on the consolidated statements of operations.
market risk governance the market risk limit setting process is established in line with the formal enterprise risk appetite process and policy. this appetite reflects the strategic and enterprise level articulation of opportunities for creating franchise value set to the boundaries of how much market risk to take. dealing authorities represent the key control tool in the management of market risk that allows the cascading of the risk appetite throughout the enterprise. a dealing authority sets the operational scope and tolerances within which a business and/or trading desk is permitted to operate and this is reviewed at least annually. dealing authorities are structured to accommodate the client facing trades and hedges needed to manage the risk profile. primary responsibility for keeping within established tolerances resides with the business. key risk indicators, including var, open foreign currency positions and single name risk, are monitored on a daily basis and reported against tolerances consistent with our risk appetite and business strategy to relevant business line management and risk counterparts.
98
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis market risk measurement we use var as a statistical measure for estimating potential exposure of our traded market risk in normal market conditions. our var framework for risk management and regulatory reporting is the same. risk management var is based on a one day holding period to a 99% confidence level, whereas regulatory var is based on a ten day holding period to the same confidence level. additional to var, non-statistical measurements for measuring risk are employed, such as sensitivity analysis, market value and stress testing.
our market risk platform and associated market risk and valuation models for our foreign exchange, interest rate products, and traded loans capture correlation effects and allow for aggregation of market risk across risk types, business lines and legal entities. we measure, monitor and report market risk for both management and regulatory capital purposes.
var overview the market risk measurement model is based on historical simulation. the var measure estimates the extent of any fair value losses on trading positions that may occur due to broad market movements (general var) such as changes in the level of interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices. it is calculated on the basis that current positions remain broadly unaltered over the course of a given holding period. it is assumed that markets are sufficiently liquid to allow the business to close its positions, if required, within this holding period. var's benefit is that it captures the historic correlations of a portfolio. based on the composition of our "covered positions," we also use a standardized add-on approach for the loan trading desk's specific risk capital which estimates the extent of any losses that may occur from factors other than broad market movements. the general var approach is expressed in terms of a confidence level over the past 500 trading days. the internal var measure (used as the basis of the main var trading limits) is a 99% confidence level with a one day holding period, meaning that a loss greater than the var is expected to occur, on average, on only one day in 100 trading days (i.e., 1% of the time). theoretically, there should be a loss event greater than var two to three times per year. the regulatory measure of var is done at a 99% confidence level with a ten-day holding period. the historical market data applied to calculate the var is updated on a two business day lag. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" below for details of our ten-day var metrics for the quarters ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, including high, low, average and period end var for interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks, as well as total var.
99
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis market risk regulatory capital the u.s. banking regulators' "market risk rule" covers the calculation of market risk capital and substantially modified the determination of market risk-weighted assets and implemented a more risk sensitive methodology for the risk inherent in certain trading positions categorized as "covered positions." for the purposes of the market risk rule, all of our client facing trades and associated hedges need to maintain a low risk profile to qualify, and do qualify, as "covered positions." for the three months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, we were not subject to the reporting threshold under the market risk rule. as a result, the $785 million and $555 million of calculated market risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, were not included in our risk-weighted assets. as such, our covered trading activities were risk-weighted under u.s. basel iii standardized credit risk rules. while not subject to the determination requirements of market risk-weighted assets, we nevertheless comply with the market risk rule's other requirements. the internal management var measure is calculated based on the same population of trades that is utilized for regulatory var. the following table presents the results of our modeled and non-modeled measures for regulatory capital calculations:
(in millions)                                                                    for the three months ended december 31, 2018                                         for the three months ended december 31, 2017
market risk category                                                             period end              average              high                 low                period end              average             high                 low interest rate                                                                          $-                     $1                   $2                   $-                    $2                   $1                  $2                   $1
foreign exchange currency rate                                                   -                       -                    -                    -                  -                       -                   -                    -
credit spread                                                                             5                     2                    5                    2                    2                    2                    2                   1
commodity                                                                        -                       -                    -                    -                  n/a                     n/a                 n/a                  n/a general var                                                                               5                     3                    5                    1                    3                    2                    3                   1
specific risk var                                                                -                       -                    -                    -                  -                       -                   -                    -
total var                                                                              $5                     $3                   $5                   $1                    $3                   $2                  $3                   $1
stressed general var                                                                   $13                    $13                  $15                  $10                  $11                   $9                  $12                  $7
stressed specific risk var                                                       -                       -                    -                    -                  -                       -                   -                    -
total stressed var                                                                     $13                    $13                  $15                  $10                  $11                   $9                  $12                  $7
market risk regulatory capital                                                         $47                                                                                   $34
specific risk not modeled add-on                                                         16                                                                                   10
de minimis exposure add-on                                                       -                                                                                    -
total market risk regulatory capital                                                   $63                                                                                   $44
market risk-weighted assets (calculated)                                               $785                                                                                 $555
market risk-weighted assets (included in our fr y-9c regulatory filing) (1)            $-                                                                                     $-
(1) for the three months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, we did not meet the reporting threshold prescribed by market risk capital guidelines.
stressed var svar is an extension of var, but uses a longer historical look-back horizon that is fixed from january 3, 2005. this is done not only to identify headline risks from more volatile periods, but also to provide a counter-balance to var which may be low during periods of low volatility. the holding period for profit and loss determination is ten days. in addition to risk management purposes, svar is also a component of market risk regulatory capital. we calculate svar daily under its own dynamic window regime. in a dynamic window regime, values of the ten-day, 99% var are calculated over all possible 260-day periods that can be obtained from the complete historical data set. refer to "market risk regulatory capital" above for details of svar metrics, including high, low, average and period end svar for the combined portfolio.
sensitivity analysis sensitivity analysis is the measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a one basis point change in rates or credit spread. we conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, basis spreads, foreign exchange exposures, option prices and credit spreads. whereas var is based on previous moves in market risk factors over recent periods, it may not be an accurate predictor of future market moves. sensitivity analysis complements var as it provides an indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical market moves and is an effective tool in evaluating the appropriateness of hedging strategies and concentrations.
100
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis stress testing conducting a stress test of a portfolio consists of running risk models with the inclusion of key variables that simulate various historical or hypothetical scenarios. for historical stress tests, profit and loss results are simulated for selected time periods corresponding to the most volatile underlying returns while hypothetical stress tests aim to consider concentration risk, illiquidity under stressed market conditions and risk arising from our trading activities that may not be fully captured by our other models. hypothetical scenarios also assume that market moves happen simultaneously and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate losses as events unfold. we generate stress tests of our trading positions on a daily basis. for example, we currently include a stress test that simulates a "lehman-type" crisis scenario by taking the worst 20-trading day peak to trough moves for the various risk factors that go into var from that period, and assumes they occurred simultaneously.
var model review and validation market risk measurement models used are independently reviewed and subject to ongoing performance analysis by the model owner. the independent review and validation focuses on the model methodology, market data, and performance. independent review of market risk measurement models is the responsibility of citizens' model risk management and validation team. aspects covered include challenging the assumptions used, the quantitative techniques employed and the theoretical justification underpinning them and an assessment of the soundness of the required data over time. where possible, the quantitative impact of the major underlying modeling assumptions will be estimated (e.g., through developing alternative models). results of such reviews are shared with the u.s. banking regulators. the market risk models may be periodically enhanced due to changes in market price levels and price action regime behavior. the market risk management and validation team will conduct internal validation before a new or changed model element is implemented and before a change is made to a market data mapping.
var backtesting backtesting is one form of validation of the var model and is run daily. the market risk rule requires a comparison of our internal var measure to the actual net trading revenue (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, intra-day trading and net interest income) for each day over the preceding year (the most recent 250 business days). any observed loss in excess of the var number is taken as an exception. the level of exceptions determines the multiplication factor used to derive the var and svar-based capital requirement for regulatory reporting purposes, when applicable. we perform sub-portfolio backtesting as required under the market risk rule, and as approved by our banking regulators, for interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange positions. the following graph shows our daily net trading revenue and total internal, modeled var for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018.
daily var backtesting
101
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis key performance metrics, non-gaap financial measures and reconcilations for more information on the computation of key performance metrics and non-gaap financial measures, see "-introduction- key performance metrics used by management and non-gaap financial measures," included in this report. the following table presents computations of key performance metrics used throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)              ref.                       2018                         2017                         2016
total revenue (gaap)                                               a                   $6,128                       $5,707                       $5,255
noninterest expense (gaap)                                         b                    3,619                        3,474                        3,352
net income (gaap)                                                  c                    1,721                        1,652                        1,045
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                 d                    1,692                        1,638                        1,031
return on average common equity:
average common equity (gaap)                                       e                  $19,645                      $19,618                      $19,698
return on average common equity                                    d/e                   8.62    %                    8.35    %                    5.23    %
return on average tangible common equity:
average common equity (gaap)                                       e                  $19,645                      $19,618                      $19,698
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                           6,912                        6,883                        6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                             14                                                    2                            2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)   359                                                 534                          502
average tangible common equity                                     f                  $13,078                      $13,267                      $13,322
return on average tangible common equity                           d/f                  12.94    %                   12.35    %                    7.74    %
return on average total assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                        g                 $154,553                     $149,953                     $143,183
return on average total assets                                     c/g                   1.11    %                    1.10    %                    0.73    %
return on average total tangible assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                        g                 $154,553                     $149,953                     $143,183
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                           6,912                        6,883                        6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                             14                                                    2                            2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)   359                                                 534                          502
average tangible assets                                            h                 $147,986                     $143,602                     $136,807
return on average total tangible assets                            c/h                   1.16    %                    1.15    %                    0.76    %
efficiency ratio:
efficiency ratio                                                   b/a                  59.06    %                   60.87    %                   63.80    %
operating leverage:
increase in total revenue                                          7.37                          %                    8.61    %                    8.93    %
increase in noninterest expense                                    4.18                                               3.63                         2.85
operating leverage                                                 3.19                          %                    4.98    %                    6.08    %
effective income tax rate:
income before income tax expense                                   i                   $2,183                       $1,912                       $1,534
income tax expense                                                 j                      462                          260                          489
effective income tax rate                                          j/i                  21.16    %                   13.62    %                   31.88    %
net income per average common share - basic and diluted:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                   k              478,822,072                  502,157,440                  522,093,545
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                 l              480,430,741                  503,685,091                  523,930,718
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                 d/k                  $3.54                        $3.26                        $1.97
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)               d/l                   3.52                         3.25                         1.97
dividend payout ratio:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                  m                    $0.98                        $0.64                        $0.46
dividend payout ratio                                              m/(d/k)                 28    %                      20    %                      23    %
102
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis as of and for the year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                                                                            2017                                                                                      2016
(in millions, except ratio data)                                   ref.   consumer            commercial                       other             consolidated                consumer            commercial              other             consolidated                consumer            commercial              other             consolidated banking             banking                                                                         banking               banking                                                             banking           banking (1)
net income (loss) available to common stockholders:
net income                                                         n              $767                 $927                  $27                $1,721                      $452                 $774                 $426                $1,652                      $345                 $631                  $69                $1,045
less: preferred stock dividends                                           -                   -                               29                    29                         -                    -                   14                    14                         -                    -                   14                    14
net income (loss) available to common stockholders                 o              $767                 $927                  ($2   )            $1,692                      $452                 $774                 $412                $1,638                      $345                 $631                  $55                $1,031
efficiency ratio:
total revenue (gaap)                                               p            $4,037               $2,042                  $49                $6,128                    $3,556               $1,949                 $202                $5,707                    $3,326               $1,754                 $175                $5,255
noninterest expense (gaap)                                         q      2,723                         813                   83                 3,619                     2,593                  772                  109                 3,474                     2,547                  741                   64                 3,352
efficiency ratio                                                   q/p    67.47           %   39.80             %             nm                 59.06      %              72.93    %           39.62     %             nm                 60.87      %              76.57    %           42.26     %             nm                 63.80      %
return on average total tangible assets:
average total assets (gaap)                                                    $62,444              $52,362              $39,747              $154,553                   $59,714              $49,747              $40,492              $149,953                   $56,388              $47,159              $39,636              $143,183
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                             -                   -                            6,912                 6,912                         -                    -                6,883                 6,883                         -                    -                6,876                 6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                    -                   -                               14                    14                         -                    -                    2                     2                         -                    -                    2                     2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)          -                   -                              359                   359                         -                    -                  534                   534                         -                    -                  502                   502
average total tangible assets                                      r           $62,444              $52,362              $33,180              $147,986                   $59,714              $49,747              $34,141              $143,602                   $56,388              $47,159              $33,260              $136,807
return on average total tangible assets                            n/r    1.23            %   1.77              %             nm                  1.16      %               0.76    %            1.56     %             nm                  1.15      %               0.61    %            1.34     %             nm                  0.76      %
103
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents computations for non-gaap financial measures representing our "underlying" results used throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)   ref.                 2018                       2017
noninterest income, underlying:
noninterest income (gaap)                                            $1,596                     $1,534
less: notable items famc integration costs                                                   (4     )                    -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                              -                         17
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                             (1     )                    -
lease impairment credit-related costs                                     -                        (11     )
noninterest income, underlying (non-gaap)                            $1,601                     $1,528
total revenue, underlying:
total revenue (gaap)                                    a            $6,128                     $5,707
less: notable items famc integration costs                                                   (4     )                    -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                              -                         17
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                             (1     )                    -
lease impairment credit-related costs                                     -                        (11     )
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                    s            $6,133                     $5,701
noninterest expense, underlying:
noninterest expense (gaap)                              b            $3,619                     $3,474
less: notable items famc integration costs                                  21                                           -
tax and tax-related notable items:
colleague and community reinvestment                                      -                         22
home equity operational items                                             -                          3
top efficiency initiatives and other actions            33                                          15
lease impairment credit-related costs                                     -                         15
noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)              t            $3,565                     $3,419
pre-provision profit:
total revenue (gaap)                                    a             6,128                     $5,707
less: noninterest expense (gaap)                        b             3,619                      3,474
pre-provision profit (gaap)                                           2,509                     $2,233
pre-provision profit, underlying:
total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                    s            $6,133                     $5,701
less: noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)        t             3,565                      3,419
pre-provision profit, underlying (non-gaap)                          $2,568                     $2,282
total credit-related costs, underlying:
provision for credit losses (gaap)                                     $326                       $321
add: lease impairment credit-related costs                                -                         26
total credit-related costs, underlying (non-gaap)                      $326                       $347
104
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)           ref.   2018                                     2017
income before income tax expense, underlying:
income before income tax expense (gaap)                         i            $2,183                     $1,912
less: notable items famc integration costs                                                 (25              )                    -
tax and tax-related notable items:
colleague and community reinvestment                                   -                                   (22     )
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                           -                                    17
home equity operational items                                          -                                    (3     )
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                           (34              )                  (15     )
income before income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)         u            $2,242                     $1,935
income tax expense and effective income tax rate, underlying:
income tax expense (gaap)                                       j              $462                       $260
less: notable items famc integration costs                                                 (6               )                    -
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                         (29              )                 (331     )
colleague and community reinvestment                                   -                                    (9     )
settlement of certain tax matters                                      -                                   (23     )
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                           -                                     7
home equity operational items                                          -                                    (1     )
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                           (8               )                   (6     )
income tax expense, underlying (non-gaap)                       v              $505                       $623
effective income tax rate (gaap)                                j/i    21.16            %                13.62     %
effective income tax rate, underlying (non-gaap)                v/u    22.55                             32.20
net income, underlying:
net income (gaap)                                               c            $1,721                     $1,652
add: notable items, net of tax expense famc integration costs                                          19                                           -
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                         (29              )                 (331     )
colleague and community reinvestment                                   -                                    13
settlement of certain tax matters                                      -                                   (23     )
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                           -                                   (10     )
home equity operational items                                          -                                     2
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                    26                                           9
net income, underlying (non-gaap)                               w            $1,737                     $1,312
105
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                                                ref.                   2018                         2017
net income available to common stockholders, underlying:
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                                                   d              $1,692                       $1,638
add: notable items, net of tax expense famc integration costs                                                                               19                                               -
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                         (29     )                   (331     )
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                                     -                           13
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                                        -                          (23     )
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                             -                          (10     )
home equity operational items                                                                                            -                            2
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                                                         26                                               9
net income available to common stockholders, underlying (non-gaap)                                   x              $1,708                       $1,298
return on average common equity and return on average common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                         e             $19,645                      $19,618
return on average common equity                                                                      d/e              8.62     %                   8.35     %
return on average common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                               x/e              8.69                         6.62
return on average tangible common equity and return on average tangible common equity, underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                         e             $19,645                      $19,618
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                        6,912                        6,883
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                               14                                               2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                     359                                            534
average tangible common equity                                                                       f             $13,078                      $13,267
return on average tangible common equity                                                             d/f             12.94     %                  12.35     %
return on average tangible common equity, underlying (non-gaap)                                      x/f             13.06                         9.79
return on average total assets and return on average total assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                          g            $154,553                     $149,953
return on average total assets                                                                       c/g              1.11     %                   1.10     %
return on average total assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                                w/g              1.12                         0.88
return on average total tangible assets and return on average total tangible assets, underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                          g            $154,553                     $149,953
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                        6,912                        6,883
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                               14                                               2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                     359                                            534
average tangible assets                                                                              h            $147,986                     $143,602
return on average total tangible assets                                                              c/h              1.16     %                   1.15     %
return on average total tangible assets, underlying (non-gaap)                                       w/h              1.17                         0.91
efficiency ratio and efficiency ratio, underlying:
efficiency ratio                                                                                     b/a             59.06     %                  60.87     %
efficiency ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                                                              t/s             58.13                        59.96
operating leverage and operating leverage, underlying:
increase in total revenue                                                                            7.37                      %                   8.61     %
increase in noninterest expense                                                                      4.18                                          3.63
operating leverage                                                                                   3.19                      %                   4.98     %
increase in total revenue, underlying (non-gaap)                                                     7.58                      %                   9.90     %
increase in noninterest expense, underlying (non-gaap)                                               4.30                                          3.10
operating leverage, underlying (non-gaap)                                                            3.28                      %                   6.80     %
106
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                          ref.                      2018                        2017
net income per average common share - basic and diluted, underlying:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                               k            478,822,072                 502,157,440
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                             l            480,430,741                 503,685,091
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                             d/k                $3.54                       $3.26
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)                           d/l                 3.52                        3.25
net income per average common share-basic, underlying (non-gaap)               x/k                 3.57                        2.59
net income per average common share-diluted, underlying (non-gaap)             x/l                 3.56                        2.58
dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio, underlying:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                              m                  $0.98                       $0.64
dividend payout ratio                                                          m/(d/k)               28   %                      20   %
dividend payout ratio, underlying (non-gaap)                                   m/(x/k)               27                          25
impact of underlying items on net income per average common share - basic:
notable items:
famc integration costs                                                                           ($0.04   )                      $-
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                 0.06                                            0.66
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                  -                       (0.03   )
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                     -                        0.04
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                          -                        0.02
home equity operational items                                                                         -                           -
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                                                      (0.05   )                   (0.02   )
impact of underlying items on net income per average common share - basic                        ($0.03   )                   $0.67
impact of underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted:
notable items:
famc integration costs                                                                           ($0.05   )                      $-
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                 0.06                                            0.66
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                  -                       (0.03   )
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                     -                        0.04
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                          -                        0.02
home equity operational items                                                                         -                           -
top efficiency initiatives and other actions                                                      (0.05   )                   (0.02   )
impact of underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted                      ($0.04   )                   $0.67
107
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis the following table presents computations for non-gaap financial measures representing our "adjusted/underlying" results used throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations":
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)              ref.                 2017                       2016
noninterest income, adjusted/underlying:
noninterest income (gaap)                                                       $1,534                     $1,497
less: notable items gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                       17                                          72
lease impairment credit-related costs                                              (11     )                    -
asset finance repositioning                                                          -                         (5     )
noninterest income, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                              $1,528                     $1,430
total revenue, adjusted/underlying:
total revenue (gaap)                                               a            $5,707                     $5,255
less: notable items gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                       17                                          72
lease impairment credit-related costs                                              (11     )                    -
asset finance repositioning                                                          -                         (5     )
total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                      s            $5,701                     $5,188
noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying:
noninterest expense (gaap)                                         b            $3,474                     $3,352
less: notable items tax and tax-related notable items:
colleague and community reinvestment                               22                                           -
home equity operational items                                      3                                            8
top efficiency initiatives                                         15                                          17
lease impairment credit-related costs                              15                                           -
asset finance repositioning                                                          -                         11
noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                t            $3,419                     $3,316
pre-provision profit:
total revenue (gaap)                                               a            $5,707                     $5,255
less: noninterest expense (gaap)                                   b             3,474                      3,352
pre-provision profit (gaap)                                                     $2,233                     $1,903
pre-provision profit, adjusted/underlying:
total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                      s            $5,701                     $5,188
less: noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)          t             3,419                      3,316
pre-provision profit, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                            $2,282                     $1,872
total credit-related costs, adjusted/underlying:
provision for credit losses (gaap)                                                $321                       $369
add: lease impairment credit-related costs                         26                                           -
total credit-related costs, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                        $347                       $369
income before income tax expense, adjusted/underlying:
income before income tax expense (gaap)                            i            $1,912                     $1,534
less: notable items tax and tax-related notable items:
colleague and community reinvestment                                               (22     )                    -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                       17                                          72
home equity operational items                                                       (3     )                   (8     )
top efficiency initiatives                                                         (15     )                  (17     )
asset finance repositioning                                                          -                        (16     )
income before income tax expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)   u            $1,935                     $1,503
108
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                                                         ref.                   2017                         2016
income tax expense and effective income tax rate, adjusted/underlying:
income tax expense (gaap)                                                                                     j                $260                         $489
less: notable items tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                                 (331     )                      -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                                             (9     )                      -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                                               (23     )                      -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                  7                                               27
home equity operational items                                                                                                    (1     )                     (3     )
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                                       (6     )                     (6     )
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                       -                           (6     )
income tax expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                            v                $623                         $477
effective income tax rate (gaap)                                                                              j/i             13.62     %                  31.88     %
effective income tax rate, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                     v/u             32.20                        31.74
net income, adjusted/underlying:
net income (gaap)                                                                                             c              $1,652                       $1,045
add: notable items, net of tax expense tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                                 (331     )                      -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                          13                                               -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                                               (23     )                      -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                                    (10     )                    (45     )
home equity operational items                                                                                 2                                                5
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                    9                                               11
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                       -                           10
net income, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                                    w              $1,312                       $1,026
net income available to common stockholders, adjusted/underlying:
net income available to common stockholders (gaap)                                                            d              $1,638                       $1,031
add: notable items, net of tax expense tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                                 (331     )                      -
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                          13                                               -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                                               (23     )                      -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                                    (10     )                    (45     )
home equity operational items                                                                                 2                                                5
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                    9                                               11
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                       -                           10
net income available to common stockholders, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                   x              $1,298                       $1,012
return on average common equity and return on average common equity, adjusted/underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                                  e             $19,618                      $19,698
return on average common equity                                                                               d/e              8.35     %                   5.23     %
return on average common equity, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                               x/e              6.62                         5.14
return on average tangible common equity and return on average tangible common equity, adjusted/underlying:
average common equity (gaap)                                                                                  e             $19,618                      $19,698
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                 6,883                        6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                        2                                                2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                              534                                            502
average tangible common equity                                                                                f             $13,267                      $13,322
return on average tangible common equity                                                                      d/f             12.35     %                   7.74     %
return on average tangible common equity, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                      x/f              9.79                         7.60
return on average total assets and return on average total assets, adjusted/underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                   g            $149,953                     $143,183
return on average total assets                                                                                c/g              1.10     %                   0.73     %
return on average total assets, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                w/g              0.88                         0.72
109
citizens financial group, inc.
management's discussion and analysis year ended december 31,
(in millions, except share, per-share and ratio data)                                                       ref.                        2017                           2016
return on average total tangible assets and return on average total tangible assets, adjusted/underlying:
average total assets (gaap)                                                                                 g                 $149,953                       $143,183
less: average goodwill (gaap)                                                                                                    6,883                          6,876
less: average other intangibles (gaap)                                                                      2                                                       2
add: average deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill (gaap)                                            534                                                   502
average tangible assets                                                                                     h                 $143,602                       $136,807
return on average total tangible assets                                                                     c/h                   1.15   %                       0.76   %
return on average total tangible assets, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                     w/h                   0.91                           0.75
efficiency ratio and efficiency ratio, adjusted/underlying:
efficiency ratio                                                                                            b/a                  60.87   %                      63.80   %
efficiency ratio, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                            t/s                  59.96                          63.92
operating leverage and operating leverage, adjusted/underlying:
increase in total revenue                                                                                   8.61                         %                       8.93   %
increase in noninterest expense                                                                             3.63                                                 2.85
operating leverage                                                                                          4.98                         %                       6.08   %
increase in total revenue, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                   9.90                         %                       7.55   %
increase in noninterest expense, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                             3.10                                                 3.33
operating leverage, underlying (non-gaap)                                                                   6.80                         %                       4.22   %
net income per average common share - basic and diluted, adjusted/underlying:
average common shares outstanding - basic (gaap)                                                            k              502,157,440                    522,093,545
average common shares outstanding - diluted (gaap)                                                          l              503,685,091                    523,930,718
net income per average common share - basic (gaap)                                                          d/k                  $3.26                          $1.97
net income per average common share - diluted (gaap)                                                        d/l                   3.25                           1.97
net income per average common share-basic, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                   x/k                   2.59                           1.94
net income per average common share-diluted, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                 x/l                   2.58                           1.93
dividend payout ratio and dividend payout ratio, adjusted/underlying:
cash dividends declared and paid per common share                                                           m                    $0.64                          $0.46
dividend payout ratio                                                                                       m/(d/k)                 20   %                         23   %
dividend payout ratio, adjusted/underlying (non-gaap)                                                       m/(x/k)                 25                             24
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - basic:
notable items:
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                                   $0.66                             $-
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                                             (0.03   )                          -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                           0.04                                                    -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                0.02                                                 0.08
home equity operational items                                                                                                        -                          (0.01   )
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                                       (0.02   )                      (0.02   )
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                          -                          (0.02   )
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - basic                                               $0.67                          $0.03
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted:
notable items:
tax and tax-related notable items:
tax legislation dtl adjustment                                                                                                   $0.66                             $-
colleague and community reinvestment                                                                                             (0.03   )                          -
settlement of certain tax matters                                                                           0.04                                                    -
gain on mortgage/home equity tdr transaction                                                                0.02                                                 0.09
home equity operational items                                                                                                        -                          (0.01   )
top efficiency initiatives                                                                                                       (0.02   )                      (0.02   )
asset finance repositioning                                                                                                          -                          (0.02   )
impact of adjusted/underlying items on net income per average common share - diluted                                             $0.67                          $0.04
110
citizens financial group, inc.
