item 1a.     risk factors.
risks related to our business we operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. in some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing, greater personnel resources, greater resources for marketing, greater and more favorable brand name recognition, and long-established relationships with regulatory authorities and customers. increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale including the ability to launch new video services.
our video service faces competition from a number of sources, including dbs services, as well as other companies that deliver movies, television shows and other video programming over broadband internet connections to tvs, computers, tablets and mobile devices. our internet service faces competition from the phone companies' dsl, ftth and wireless broadband offerings as well as from a variety of companies that offer other forms of online services, including wireless and satellite-based broadband services. various mobile phone companies offer wireless internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds and some have announced that they intend to offer faster 5g services in the future. our voice and mobile services compete with mobile and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing, exclusive programming and increased hd broadcasting may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers.
wireline and wireless overbuilds could also adversely affect our growth, financial condition, and results of operations, by creating or increasing competition. we are aware of traditional overbuild situations impacting certain of our service areas, however, we are unable to predict the extent to which additional overbuild situations may occur.
our services may not allow us to compete effectively. competition may reduce our expected growth of future cash flows which may contribute to future impairments of our franchises and goodwill and our ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. for additional information regarding the competition we face, see "item 1. business -competition" and "-regulation and legislation."
17
if we are not able to successfully complete the integration of our business with that of legacy twc and legacy bright house, the anticipated benefits of the transactions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. in such circumstance, we may not perform as expected and the value of charter's class a common stock may be adversely affected.
there can be no assurances that we can successfully complete the integration of our business with that of legacy twc and legacy bright house. we now have significantly more systems, assets, investments, businesses, customers and employees than each company did prior to the transactions. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of customers, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. the process of integrating legacy twc and legacy bright house with the legacy charter operations requires significant capital expenditures and the expansion of certain operations and operating and financial systems. management continues to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the integration process and there is a significant degree of difficulty and management involvement inherent in that process.
even if the new businesses are successfully integrated, it may not be possible to realize the benefits that are expected to result from the transactions, or realize these benefits within the time frame that is expected. for example, the benefits of our pricing and packaging and converting our video product to all-digital in certain legacy twc and legacy bright house systems may not be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated to realize, or the benefits from the transactions may be offset by costs incurred or delays in integrating the businesses and increased operating costs. if the combined company fails to realize the anticipated benefits from the transactions, our liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and/or share price may be adversely affected. in addition, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt the business of the combined company.
we face risks relating to competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior.
in addition to the various competitive factors discussed above, we are subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the leisure time, shifting consumer needs and discretionary spending of consumers. we compete with all other sources of entertainment, news and information delivery, as well as a broad range of communications products and services. technological advancements, such as new video formats and internet streaming and downloading of programming that can be viewed on televisions, computers, smartphones and tablets, many of which have been beneficial to us, have nonetheless increased the number of entertainment and information delivery choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. these newer categories of competitors including v-mvpds and other new direct to consumer offerings, as well as piracy and password sharing, could negatively impact the growth of our business.
newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content will likely continue to be developed, further increasing the number of competitors that we face. the increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our products and services, but also advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us. we compete for the sale of advertising revenue with television networks and stations, as well as other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, online media. our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position and our business and results of operations.
our exposure to the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of our customers and their financial ability to purchase our products. if there were a general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased, including an increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with internet-delivered and/or over-air content, which would negatively impact our ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. in addition, providing video services is an established and highly penetrated business. our ability to gain new video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. these events have adversely affected us in the past, and may adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition if a downturn were to occur.
in addition, we are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services or to which we outsource certain functions. the same economic conditions that may affect our customers, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, also could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of our vendors or third parties upon
18
which we rely. any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation and financial condition.
we face risks inherent in our commercial business.
we may encounter unforeseen difficulties as we increase the scale of our service offerings to businesses. we sell internet access, data networking and fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, and video and business voice services to businesses. in order to grow our commercial business, we expect to continue to invest in technology, equipment and personnel focused on the commercial business. commercial business customers often require service level agreements and generally have heightened customer expectations for reliability of services. if our efforts to build the infrastructure to scale the commercial business are not successful, the growth of our commercial services business would be limited. we depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. as a result, our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. if we are unable to meet these service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. competition continues to increase as well, as more companies deploy more fiber to more buildings, which may negatively impact our growth and/or put pressure on margins. finally, we expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our voice and commercial businesses and operations.
programming costs are rising at a much faster rate than wages or inflation, and we may not have the ability to reduce or moderate the growth rates of, or pass on to our customers, our increasing programming costs, which would adversely affect our cash flow and operating margins.
video programming has been, and is expected to continue to be, our largest operating expense item. in recent years, the cable industry has experienced a rapid escalation in the cost of programming. media corporation consolidation has resulted in fewer suppliers and additional selling power on the part of programming suppliers. we expect programming costs to continue to increase due to a variety of factors including amounts paid for broadcast station retransmission consent, annual increases imposed by programmers, including sports programmers, and the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and vod programming. the inability to fully pass programming cost increases on to our customers has had, and is expected in the future to have, an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating margins associated with the video product. the contracts set to expire in any particular year vary with a higher concentration of programming costs set to expire at, or before the end, of 2019. there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed on favorable or comparable terms. in addition, a number of programmers have begun to sell their services through alternative distribution channels, including ip-based platforms, which are less secure than our own video distribution platforms. there is growing evidence that these less secure video distribution platforms are leading to video product theft via password sharing among consumers. password sharing may drive down the number of customers who pay for certain programming, putting programmer revenues at risk, and which in turn may cause certain programmers to seek even higher programming fees from us. to the extent that we are unable to reach agreement with certain programmers on terms that we believe are reasonable, we have been, and may be in the future, forced to remove such programming channels from our line-up, which may result in a loss of customers. our failure to carry programming that is attractive to our customers could adversely impact our customer levels, operations and financial results. in addition, if our internet customers are unable to access desirable content online because content providers block or limit access by our customers as a class, our ability to gain and retain customers, especially internet customers, may be negatively impacted.
increased demands by owners of some broadcast stations for carriage of other services or payments to those broadcasters for retransmission consent are likely to further increase our programming costs. federal law allows commercial television broadcast stations to make an election between "must-carry" rights and an alternative "retransmission-consent" regime. when a station opts for the retransmission consent regime, we are not allowed to carry the station's signal without that station's permission. in some cases, we carry stations under short-term arrangements while we attempt to negotiate new long-term retransmission agreements. if negotiations with these programmers prove unsuccessful, they could require us to cease carrying their signals, possibly for an indefinite period. any loss of stations could make our video service less attractive to customers, which could result in less subscription and advertising revenue. in retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one or more other stations or programming services in which they or their affiliates have an interest. carriage of these other services, as well as increased fees for retransmission rights, may increase our programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity we have available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
19
our inability to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
we operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. from time to time, we may pursue strategic initiatives, including, for example, our wireless strategy which includes the launch of our mobile product through an mvno and testing the deployment of unlicensed and licensed spectrum for fixed and mobile wireless services. our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. if we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers than those chosen by our competitors, if we offer services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, or we are not able to fund the expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer.
the ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and services that we currently offer to customers separately or at a premium. in addition, the uncertainty of our ability, and the costs, to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner.
our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services such as a state of the art user interface in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. in addition, as we launch our new mobile services using virtual network operator rights from a third party, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet pursuant to equipment installation plans. consequently, our growth, financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially.
we depend on third party service providers, suppliers and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on a limited number of third party service providers, suppliers and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide some of our services. some of our hardware, software and operational support vendors, and service providers represent our sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. if any of these parties breaches or terminates its agreement with us or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, demand exceeds these vendors' capacity, tariffs are imposed that impact vendors' ability to perform their obligations or significantly increase the amount we pay, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the amount we pay for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability or a change in ownership or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner, at our specifications and at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might delay our ability to serve our customers. in addition, the existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. these events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers and our operations, business, financial results and financial condition.
our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends.
we rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we both develop our own technologies, products and services and rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. however, any of our intellectual property rights, or the rights of our suppliers, could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. in addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require us to change
20
our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management's attention and resources away from our business. infringement claims continue to be brought frequently in the communications and entertainment industries, and we are also often a party to such litigation alleging that certain of our services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results.
network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses, such as network management and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, "cyber attacks," process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. both unsuccessful and successful "cyber attacks" on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. while we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as techniques used in such attacks become more sophisticated and change frequently. we, and the third parties on which we rely, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. while from time to time attempts have been made to access our network, these attempts have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or disruption to our network and information systems.
our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term or any long-term changes in weather patterns), terrorist attacks and similar events. further, the impacts associated with extreme weather or long-term changes in weather patterns, such as rising sea levels or increased and intensified storm activity, may cause increased business interruptions or may require the relocation of some of our facilities. our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities.
any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, us or technologies upon which we depend, could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers and our business, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to our or our customers' equipment and data. large expenditures may be necessary to repair or replace damaged property, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance that we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result. any such significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. any significant loss of customers or revenue, or significant increase in costs of serving those customers, could adversely affect our growth, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. we provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised.
as a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that process, store and transmit large amount of data, including personal information for our customers. we could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. we could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. we also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach.
for tax purposes, charter could experience a deemed ownership change in the future that could limit its ability to use its tax loss carryforwards.
charter had approximately $10.2 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2018. these losses resulted from the operations of charter communications holdings company, llc ("charter holdco") and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the twc transaction. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2019 through 2035. in addition, charter had state
21
tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $309 million as of december 31, 2018. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2019 through 2038.
in the past, charter has experienced ownership changes as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). in general, an ownership change occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by 5-percent stockholders (within the meaning of section 382 of the code) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by such 5-percent stockholders at any time over the preceding three years. as a result, charter is subject to an annual limitation on the use of its loss carryforwards which existed at november 30, 2009 for the first ownership change, those that existed at may 1, 2013 for the second ownership change, and those created at may 18, 2016 for the third ownership change. the limitation on charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards, in conjunction with the loss carryforward expiration provisions, could reduce charter's ability to use a portion of its loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, which could result in charter being required to make material cash tax payments. charter's ability to make such income tax payments, if any, will depend at such time on its liquidity or its ability to raise additional capital, and/or on receipt of payments or distributions from charter holdco and its subsidiaries.
if charter were to experience additional ownership changes in the future (as a result of purchases and sales of stock by its 5-percent stockholders, new issuances or redemptions of our stock, certain acquisitions of its stock and issuances, redemptions, sales or other dispositions or acquisitions of interests in its 5-percent stockholders), charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards could become subject to further limitations.
if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected.
our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications industry. the loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results.
risks related to our indebtedness we have a significant amount of debt and expect to incur significant additional debt, including secured debt, in the future, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business.
we have a significant amount of debt and expect to (subject to applicable restrictions in our debt instruments) incur additional debt in the future as we maintain our stated objective of 4.0 to 4.5 times leverage (our net debt divided by our last twelve months adjusted ebitda). as of december 31, 2018, our total principal amount of debt was approximately $72.0 billion with a leverage ratio of 4.5 times.
our significant amount of debt could have consequences, such as:
•   impact our ability to raise additional capital at reasonable rates, or at all;
•   make us vulnerable to interest rate increases, in part because approximately 15% of our borrowings as of december 31, 2018 were, and may continue to be, subject to variable rates of interest;
•   expose us to increased interest expense to the extent we refinance existing debt with higher cost debt;
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities to make payments on our debt, reducing our funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the cable and telecommunications industries, and the economy at large;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt; and
•   adversely affect our relationship with customers and suppliers.
if current debt amounts increase, our business results are lower than expected, or credit rating agencies downgrade our debt limiting our access to investment grade markets, the related risks that we now face will intensify. in addition, our variable rate indebtedness may use london interbank offering rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the rate. libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
22
the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity.
our credit facilities and the indentures governing our debt contain a number of significant covenants that could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations. these covenants restrict, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to:
•   incur additional debt;
•   repurchase or redeem equity interests and debt;
•   issue equity;
•   make certain investments or acquisitions;
•   pay dividends or make other distributions;
•   dispose of assets or merge;
•   enter into related party transactions; and
•   grant liens and pledge assets.
additionally, the charter operating credit facilities require charter operating to comply with a maximum total leverage covenant and a maximum first lien leverage covenant. the breach of any covenants or obligations in our indentures or credit facilities, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. in addition, the secured lenders under our notes and the charter operating credit facilities could foreclose on their collateral, which includes equity interests in our subsidiaries, and exercise other rights of secured creditors.
risks related to ownership position of liberty broadband corporation and advance/newhouse partnership liberty broadband and a/n have governance rights that give them influence over corporate transactions and other matters.
liberty broadband currently owns a significant amount of charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. a/n currently owns charter class a common stock and a significant amount of membership interests in our subsidiary charter holdings that are convertible into charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. members of the charter board of directors include a director who is also an officer and director of liberty broadband and directors who are current or former officers and directors of a/n. mr. greg maffei is the president and chief executive officer of liberty broadband. steven miron is the chief executive officer of a/n and michael newhouse is an officer or director of several of a/n's affiliates. as of december 31, 2018, liberty broadband beneficially held approximately 22% of charter's class a common stock (including shares owned by gci liberty, inc. ("gci liberty," formerly known as liberty interactive corporation) over which liberty broadband holds an irrevocable voting proxy) and a/n beneficially held approximately 13% of charter's class a common stock, in each case assuming the conversion of the membership interests held by a/n. pursuant to the stockholders agreement between liberty broadband, a/n and charter, liberty broadband currently has the right to designate up to three directors as nominees for charter's board of directors and a/n currently has the right to designate up to two directors as nominees for charter's board of directors. each of a/n and liberty broadband is entitled to nominate at least one director to each of the committees of charter's board of directors, subject to applicable stock exchange listing rules and certain specified voting or equity ownership thresholds for each of a/n and liberty broadband, and provided that the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation and benefit committee each have at least a majority of directors independent from a/n, liberty broadband and charter (referred to as the "unaffiliated directors").
in connection with the twc transaction, liberty broadband and gci liberty entered into a proxy and right of first refusal agreement, pursuant to which gci liberty granted liberty broadband an irrevocable proxy to vote all charter class a common stock owned beneficially or of record by gci liberty, with certain exceptions. in addition, at the closing of the bright house transaction, a/n and liberty broadband entered into a proxy agreement pursuant to which a/n granted to liberty broadband a 5-year irrevocable proxy (which we refer to as the "a/n proxy") to vote, subject to certain exceptions, that number of shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock, in each case held by a/n (such shares are referred to as the "proxy shares"), that will result in liberty broadband having voting power in charter equal to 25.01% of the outstanding voting power of charter, provided, that the voting power of the proxy shares is capped at 7.0% of the outstanding voting power of charter. therefore, giving effect to the gci liberty proxy and the a/n proxy and the voting cap contained in the stockholders agreement, liberty broadband has 25.01% of the outstanding voting power in charter. the stockholders agreement and charter's amended and restated certificate of incorporation fixes the size of the board at 13 directors. liberty broadband and a/n are required to vote (subject to the applicable voting cap) their respective shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock for the director nominees nominated by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, including the respective designees of liberty broadband and a/n, and against any other nominees, except that, with respect to the unaffiliated
23
directors, liberty broadband and a/n must instead vote in the same proportion as the voting securities are voted by stockholders other than a/n and liberty broadband or any group which includes any of them are voted, if doing so would cause a different outcome with respect to the unaffiliated directors. as a result of their rights under the stockholders agreement and their significant equity and voting stakes in charter, liberty broadband and/or a/n, who may have interests different from those of other stockholders, will be able to exercise substantial influence over certain matters relating to the governance of charter, including the approval of significant corporate actions, such as mergers and other business combination transactions.
the stockholders agreement provides a/n and liberty broadband with preemptive rights with respect to issuances of charter equity in connection with certain transactions, and in the event that a/n or liberty broadband exercises these rights, holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution.
the stockholders agreement provides that a/n and liberty broadband will have certain contractual preemptive rights over issuances of charter equity securities in connection with capital raising transactions, merger and acquisition transactions, and in certain other circumstances. holders of charter class a common stock will not be entitled to similar preemptive rights with respect to such transactions. as a result, if liberty broadband and/or a/n elect to exercise their preemptive rights, (i) these parties would not experience the dilution experienced by the other holders of charter class a common stock, and (ii) such other holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution of their interest in charter upon such exercise.
risks related to regulatory and legislative matters our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our business.
regulation of the cable industry has increased cable operators' operational and administrative expenses and limited their revenues. cable operators are subject to various laws and regulations including those covering the following:
•   the provision of high-speed internet service, including transparency rules;
•   the provision of voice communications;
•   cable franchise renewals and transfers;
•   the provisioning and marketing of cable equipment and compatibility with new digital technologies;
•   customer and employee privacy and data security;
•   limited rate regulation of video service;
•   copyright royalties for retransmitting broadcast signals;
•   when a cable system must carry a particular broadcast station and when it must first obtain retransmission consent to carry a broadcast station;
•   the provision of channel capacity to unaffiliated commercial leased access programmers;
•   limitations on our ability to enter into exclusive agreements with multiple dwelling unit complexes and control our inside wiring;
•   equal employment opportunity, emergency alert systems, disability access, technical standards, marketing practices, customer service, and consumer protection; and
•   approval for mergers and acquisitions often accompanied by the imposition of restrictions and requirements on an applicant's business in order to secure approval of the proposed transaction.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses.
as a result of the closing of the transactions, our businesses are subject to the conditions set forth in the fcc order and the doj consent decree and those imposed by state utility commissions and local franchise authorities, and there can be no assurance that these conditions will not have an adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations.
in connection with the transactions, the fcc order, the doj consent decree, and the approvals from state utility commissions and local franchise authorities incorporated numerous commitments and voluntary conditions made by the parties and imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the operation of our business and other matters. under federal approvals, among other things, (i) we are not permitted to charge usage-based prices or impose data caps and are prohibited from charging interconnection fees for qualifying parties; (ii) we are prohibited from entering into or enforcing any agreement with a programmer that forbids, limits or creates incentives to limit the programmer's provision of content to ovd and cannot retaliate against programmers for licensing to ovds; (iii) we are not able to avail ourself of other distributors' mfn provisions if they are inconsistent with this prohibition; (iv) we must undertake a number of actions designed to promote diversity; (v) we appointed an independent compliance monitor and comply with a broad array of reporting requirements; and (vi) we must satisfy various other conditions
24
relating to our internet services, including building out an additional two million locations with access to a high-speed connection of at least 60 megabits per second, and implementing a reduced price high-speed internet program for low income families. these and other conditions and commitments relating to the transactions are of varying duration, ranging from three to seven years. in light of the breadth and duration of the conditions and potential changes in market conditions during the time the conditions and commitments are in effect, there can be no assurance that our compliance, and ability to comply, with the conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. for example, in july 2018, the new york state public service commission revoked its earlier approval of charter's acquistion of twc, alleging that charter had not complied with its transaction commitments to extend availability of high-speed internet services to 145,000 underserved or unserved homes or businesses over a four year period. although charter is viogrously opposing the public service commission's revocation, if this, or any similar, revocation is not reversed, it could materially impact our operations. see "item 3. legal proceedings."
changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our business.
there are ongoing efforts to amend or expand the federal, state, and local regulation of some of the services offered over our cable systems, which may compound the regulatory risks we already face. for example, with respect to our retail broadband internet access service, the fcc has reclassified the service twice in the last few years, with the first change adding regulatory obligations and the second change largely removing those new regulatory obligations. these changes reflect a lack of regulatory certainty in this business area, which may continue as a result of litigation, as well as future legislative or administrative changes.
other potential legislative and regulatory changes could adversely impact our business by increasing our costs and competition and limiting our ability to offer services in a manner that that would maximize our revenue potential. these changes could include, for example, the adoption of new privacy restrictions on our collection, use and disclosure of certain customer information, new data security and cybersecurity mandates that could result in additional network and information security requirements for our business, new restraints on our discretion over programming decisions, including the provision of public, educational and governmental access programming and unaffiliated, commercial leased access programming, new restrictions on the rates we charge for video programming and the marketing of that video programming, changes to the cable industry's compulsory copyright license to carry broadcast signals, new requirements to assure the availability of navigation devices (such as set-top boxes) from third-party providers, new universal service fund obligations on our provision of internet service that would add to the cost of that service; increases in government-administered broadband subsidies to rural areas that could result in subsidized overbuilding of our more rural facilities, and changes in the regulatory framework for voip phone service, including the scope of regulatory obligations associated with our voip service and our ability to interconnect our voip service with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications service.
if any of these such laws or regulations are enacted, they could affect our operations and require significant expenditures. we cannot predict future developments in these areas, and we are already subject to charter-specific conditions regarding certain internet practices as a result of the fcc's approval of the transactions, but any changes to the regulatory framework for our video, internet or voip services could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
it remains uncertain what rule changes, if any, will ultimately be adopted by congress and the fcc and what operating or financial impact any such rules might have on us, including on our programming agreements, customer privacy and the user experience. in addition, the fcc, the ftc, and various state agencies and attorney generals actively investigate industry practices and could impose substantial forfeitures for alleged regulatory violations.
our cable system franchises are subject to non-renewal or termination and are non-exclusive. the failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business.
our cable systems generally operate pursuant to franchises, permits, and similar authorizations issued by a state or local governmental authority controlling the public rights-of-way. many franchises establish comprehensive facilities and service requirements, as well as specific customer service standards and monetary penalties for non-compliance. in many cases, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with significant provisions set forth in the franchise agreement governing system operations. franchises are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. in some instances, local franchises have not been renewed at expiration, and we have operated and are operating under either temporary operating agreements or without a franchise while negotiating renewal terms with the local franchising authorities.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all significant provisions of our franchise agreements and certain of our franchisers have from time to time alleged that we have not complied with these agreements. additionally, although historically
25
we have renewed our franchises without incurring significant costs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew, or to renew as favorably, our franchises in the future. a termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business in the affected geographic area.
our cable system franchises are non-exclusive. consequently, local and state franchising authorities can grant additional franchises to competitors in the same geographic area or operate their own cable systems. in some cases, local government entities and municipal utilities may legally compete with us on more favorable terms. potential competitors (like google) have recently pursued and obtained local franchises that are more favorable than the incumbent operator's franchise.
tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax and fee positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate cable systems in locations throughout the united states and, as a result, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. from time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on our services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. potential changes include additional taxes or fees on our services which could impact our customers, changes to income tax sourcing rules and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase our income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. for example, some local franchising authorities are seeking to impose franchise fee assessments on our broadband internet access service, and more may do so in the future. if they do so, and challenges to such assessments are unsuccessful, it could adversely impact our costs. in addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reference is made to "part i. item 1a. risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements," which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. in addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of charter included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
overview we are the second largest cable operator in the united states and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet and voice services to approximately 28.1 million residential and small and medium business customers at december 31, 2018. we also recently launched our spectrum mobile service to residential customers. in addition, we sell video and online advertising inventory to local, regional and national advertising customers and fiber-delivered communications and managed it solutions to large enterprise customers. we also own and operate regional sports networks and local sports, news and community channels. see "part i. item 1. business - products and services" for further description of these services, including customer statistics for different services.
since the close of the transactions in 2016, we have been focused on integrating the practices and systems of legacy charter, legacy twc and legacy bright house, centralizing our product, marketing, sales and service operations, insourcing the legacy twc and legacy bright house workforces in our call centers and field operations, and rolling out spp to legacy twc and
29
legacy bright house service areas. in 2018, we completed the conversion of the remaining legacy twc and legacy bright house analog service areas to an all-digital platform enabling us to deliver more hd channels and higher internet speeds. as of december 31, 2018, nearly all of our footprint was all-digital. additionally, we have doubled minimum internet speeds to 200 mbps in a number of service areas at no additional cost to new and existing internet customers. in 2018, leveraging docsis 3.1 technology, we also expanded the availability of our spectrum internet gig service to nearly all of our footprint. with our integration nearly complete, we are focused on operating as one company, with a unified product, marketing and service infrastructure, which will allow us to accelerate growth and innovate faster. with significantly less customer-facing change expected in 2019, we are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions. we expect our growing levels of productivity will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls. with over 75% of our residential customer base currently in spp packages, we expect additional benefits from higher spp penetration and as current spp customers roll off introductory pricing combined with modest price increases. further, we expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of video, internet, and wireline and mobile voice packaged services. additionally, with the completion of our all-digital conversion, roll-out of docsis 3.1 technology across our footprint, and the integration of legacy twc and legacy bright house mostly complete, we expect a meaningful reduction in capital expenditures in dollars and as a percent of revenue in 2019.
at the end of the second quarter of 2018, we launched our mobile product, spectrum mobile, under our mvno reseller agreement with verizon. our spectrum mobile service is offered to our residential customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on verizon's mobile network combined with our existing network of in-home and outdoor wifi hotspots. we began mass market advertising of spectrum mobile in september 2018. we also continue to explore ways to manage our own network and drive even more mobile traffic to our network through our continued deployment of in-home and outdoor wifi hotspots. in 2018, we invested in our mobile operating partnership with comcast corporation, with a portion representing our equity investment in the partnership and a portion representing a prepayment of software development and related services for the mobile back office platform. as the partnership delivers services, we will reflect such services as capital or operating expense depending on the nature of services delivered.
we believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives and increase profitability and cash flow over time. as a result of growth costs associated with our new mobile product line, we cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. during the year ended december 31, 2018, our mobile product line increased revenues by $106 million, and reduced adjusted ebitda and free cash flow by approximately $240 million and $594 million, respectively. as we continue to launch our mobile service and scale the business, we expect continued negative impacts to adjusted ebitda, as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. in 2019, we intend to expand our spectrum mobile bring-your-own-device ("byod") program across our key sales channels to include a broader set of devices. we believe our byod program will lower the cost for consumers of switching mobile carriers, and will reduce the short-term working capital impact of selling new mobile devices on installment plans.
the company realized revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers. minor differences may exist due to rounding).
years ended december 31, actual                                         pro forma
2018                                        2017                2016                        2018 vs. 2017 growth           2017 vs. 2016 growth   2016                       2017 vs. 2016 growth revenues                      $43,634             $41,581             $29,003                   4.9            %              43.4            %         $37,394                  3.9            %
adjusted ebitda               $16,059             $15,301             $10,592                   5.0            %              44.5            %         $13,004                  5.8            %
income from operations(a)      $5,221              $4,106              $2,456                  27.2            %              67.2            %          $3,323                  5.7            %
(a)   income from operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 has been reduced from what was previously reported to reflect the adoption of pension accounting guidance by $899 million and $915 million on an actual and pro forma basis, respectively.
adjusted ebitda is defined as consolidated net income plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, (gain) loss on financial instruments, net, other pension benefits, other (income) expense, net and other operating (income) expenses, such as merger and restructuring costs, special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. see "-use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow" for further information on adjusted ebitda and free cash flow.
30
growth in total revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations was primarily due to growth in our residential internet and commercial business customers as well as an increase in advertising sales revenue primarily due to an increase in political revenue. adjusted ebitda growth was additionally affected by increases in operating costs and expenses primarily programming and, in 2018, mobile. income from operations was also affected by changes in depreciation and amortization as well as decreases in merger and restructuring costs.
approximately 91%, 91% and 90% of our revenues for years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our video, internet, voice and commercial services provided by our cable systems. generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. the remaining 9%, 9% and 10% of revenue for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected by us but then paid to local authorities), vod and pay-per-view programming, installation, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, revenue from regional sports and news channels and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services.
critical accounting policies and estimates certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. management has discussed these policies with the audit committee of charter's board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the following disclosure. we consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows:
•   property, plant and equipment
•   capitalization of labor and overhead costs
•   valuation and impairment of property, plant and equipment
•   useful lives of property, plant and equipment
•   intangible assets
•   valuation and impairment of franchises
•   valuation and impairment of goodwill
•   valuation, impairment and amortization of customer relationships
•   income taxes
•   litigation
•   programming agreements
•   pension plans in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimates or judgment that are not deemed critical, such as the allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of our financial instruments, but changes in estimates or judgment in these other items could also have a material impact on our financial statements.
property, plant and equipment the cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the net carrying amount of our property, plant and equipment (consisting primarily of cable distribution systems) was approximately $35.1 billion (representing 24% of total assets) and $33.9 billion (representing 23% of total assets), respectively. total capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were approximately $9.1 billion, $8.7 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively.
capitalization of labor and overhead costs. costs associated with network construction or upgrades, initial placement of the customer drop to the dwelling and the initial placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the initial deployment of customer premise equipment necessary to provide video, internet or voice services, are capitalized.  costs capitalized include materials, direct labor and certain indirect costs. these indirect costs are associated with the activities of personnel who assist in installation activities, and consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with these support functions.  while our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs on a composite basis by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis.  for assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation.  the costs of disconnecting service and removing customer premise equipment from a dwelling and the costs to reconnect a customer drop or to redeploy previously installed customer premise equipment are charged to operating
31
expense as incurred. costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while plant and equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, betterments, and replacement of cable drops and outlets, are capitalized.
we make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. we capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. we calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. for example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. the impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented.
labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. capitalizable activities performed in connection with installations include such activities as:
•   dispatching a "truck roll" to the customer's dwelling or business for service connection or placement of new equipment;
•   verification of serviceability to the customer's dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer's dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network);
•   customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with the installation, replacement and betterment of equipment and materials to enable video, internet or voice services; and
•   verifying the integrity of the customer's network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer premise equipment, as well as testing signal levels at the utility pole or pedestal.
judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. the primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as care personnel and dispatchers, who assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities.
while we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our system activities could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. we monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. we capitalized direct labor and overhead of $1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $991 million, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
valuation and impairment of property, plant and equipment. we evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant and equipment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. such events or changes in circumstances could include such factors as the impairment of our indefinite life assets, changes in technological advances, fluctuations in the fair value of such assets, adverse changes in relationships with local franchise authorities, adverse changes in market conditions, or a deterioration of current or expected future operating results. a long-lived asset is deemed impaired when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset. no impairments of long-lived assets held for use were recorded in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
we utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant and equipment in connection with business combinations.  the cost approach considers the amount required to replace an asset by constructing or purchasing a new asset with similar utility, then adjusts the value in consideration of physical depreciation and functional and economic obsolescence as of the valuation date. the cost approach relies on management's assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components of our property, plant and equipment along with assumptions regarding the age and estimated remaining useful lives of our property, plant and equipment.
useful lives of property, plant and equipment. we evaluate the appropriateness of estimated useful lives assigned to our property, plant and equipment, based on annual analysis of such useful lives, and revise such lives to the extent warranted by changing facts and circumstances. any changes in estimated useful lives as a result of this analysis are reflected prospectively beginning in the period in which the study is completed. our analysis of useful lives in 2018 did not indicate any significant changes in useful lives of our fixed assets.  the effect of a one-year decrease in the weighted average remaining useful life of our property, plant and equipment as of december 31, 2018 would be an increase in annual depreciation expense of approximately $571 million.  the effect of a one-year increase in the weighted average remaining useful life of our property, plant and equipment as of december 31, 2018 would be a decrease in annual depreciation expense of approximately $854 million.
32
depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment totaled $7.9 billion, $7.8 billion and $5.0 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, representing approximately 21%, 21% and 19% of costs and expenses, respectively. depreciation is recorded using the straight-line composite method over management's estimate of the useful lives of the related assets as listed below:
cable distribution systems                      8-21 years customer premise equipment and installations     3-8 years vehicles and equipment                           4-9 years buildings and improvements                     15-40 years furniture, fixtures and equipment               2-10 years intangible assets valuation and impairment of franchises. the net carrying value of franchises as of both december 31, 2018 and 2017 was approximately $67.3 billion (representing 46% of total assets). for more information and a complete discussion of how we value and test franchise assets for impairment, see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
we perform an impairment assessment of franchise assets annually or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances. we performed a qualitative assessment in 2018. our assessment included consideration of a fair value appraisal performed for tax purposes in the beginning of 2018 as of a december 31, 2017 valuation date (the "appraisal") along with a multitude of factors that affect the fair value of our franchise assets. examples of such factors include environmental and competitive changes within our operating footprint, actual and projected operating performance, the consistency of our operating margins, equity and debt market trends, including changes in our market capitalization, and changes in our regulatory and political landscape, among other factors. based on our assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our franchise assets equals or exceeds their carrying values and that a quantitative impairment test is not required.
the appraisal indicated that the fair value of our franchise assets exceeded carrying value by approximately 69% in the aggregate. at our unit of accounting level for franchise asset impairment testing, the amount by which fair value exceeded carrying value varied based on the extent to which the unit of accounting was comprised of operations acquired in 2016. for units of accounting comprised entirely or substantially of newly-acquired operations, the appraisal fair value exceeded carrying value by a range of 21% to 70% due to the recency of the transactions, while fair value for units of accounting comprised of at least 25% legacy charter operations, exceeded carrying value by a range of 54% to 289%.
valuation and impairment of goodwill. the net carrying value of goodwill as of both december 31, 2018 and 2017 was approximately $29.6 billion (representing 20% of total assets). for more information and a complete discussion on how we test goodwill for impairment, see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." we perform our impairment assessment of goodwill annually as of november 30. as with our franchise impairment testing, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill in 2018 which included the fair value appraisal and other factors described above. based on the appraisal, we determined that the fair value of our goodwill exceeded carrying value by approximately 18%. given the completion of the assessment and absence of significant adverse changes in factors impacting our fair value estimates, we concluded that it is more likely than not that our goodwill is not impaired.
valuation, impairment and amortization of customer relationships. the net carrying value of customer relationships as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 was approximately $9.6 billion (representing 7% of total assets) and $12.0 billion (representing 8% of total assets), respectively. amortization expense related to customer relationships for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $2.4 billion, $2.7 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. no impairment of customer relationships was recorded in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. for more information and a complete discussion on our valuation methodology and amortization method, see note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income taxes as of december 31, 2018, charter had approximately $10.2 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $2.1 billion. these losses resulted from the operations of charter holdco and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the twc transaction. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2019 through 2035. in addition, as of december 31, 2018, charter had state tax net operating loss carryforwards,
33
resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $309 million. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2019 through 2038.  such tax loss carryforwards can accumulate and be used to offset charter's future taxable income. after december 31, 2018, $1.1 billion of charter's federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to section 382 and other restrictions. pursuant to these restrictions, charter estimates that approximately $226 million annually over each of the next five years of federal tax loss carryforwards, should become unrestricted and available for charter's use. an additional $184 million is currently subject to a valuation allowance. charter's state tax loss carryforwards are subject to similar but varying restrictions.
income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 was recognized primarily as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts & jobs act ("tax reform") in december 2017. among other things, the primary provisions of tax reform impacting us are the reductions to the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% and temporary 100% bonus depreciation for certain assets. the change in tax law required us to remeasure existing net deferred tax liabilities using the lower rate in the period of enactment resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $9.3 billion to reflect these changes in the year ended december 31, 2017.
in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including the expected level of future taxable income, available tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. due to legacy charter's history of losses, legacy charter was historically unable to assume future taxable income in its analysis and accordingly valuation allowances were established against the deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, from definite-lived assets for book accounting purposes. however, as a result of the twc transaction in 2016, deferred tax liabilities resulting from the acquisition accounting increased significantly and future taxable income that will result from the reversal of existing temporary differences for which deferred tax liabilities are recognized, is sufficient to conclude it is more likely than not that we will realize substantially all of our deferred tax assets. as a result, in 2016 charter reversed approximately $3.3 billion of its valuation allowance and recognized a corresponding income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2016. approximately $39 million of valuation allowance associated with federal tax net operating loss carryforwards and approximately $50 million of valuation allowance associated with state tax loss carryforwards and other miscellaneous deferred tax assets remains on the december 31, 2018 consolidated balance sheet.
in determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be "more likely than not" of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved. there is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are "more likely than not" of being sustained. we adjust our uncertain tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.
no tax years for charter or charter holdco for income tax purposes, are currently under examination by the irs. charter's 2016 through 2018 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. legacy charter's tax years ending 2015 through the short period return dated may 17, 2016 remain subject to examination and assessment. years prior to 2015 remain open solely for purposes of examination of legacy charter's loss and credit carryforwards. the irs is currently examining charter holdings' income tax returns for 2016. charter holdings' 2017 and 2018 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. the irs is currently examining legacy twc's income tax returns for 2011 through 2014. legacy twc's tax year 2015 remains subject to examination and assessment. prior to legacy twc's separation from time warner inc. ("time warner") in march 2009 (the "separation"), legacy twc was included in the consolidated u.s. federal and certain state income tax returns of time warner. the irs is currently examining time warner's 2008 through 2010 income tax returns. we do not anticipate that these examinations will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. in addition, we are also subject to ongoing examinations of our tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2018, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the future.
litigation legal contingencies have a high degree of uncertainty. when a loss from a contingency becomes estimable and probable, a reserve is established. the reserve reflects management's best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised as facts and circumstances change. a reserve is released when a matter is ultimately brought to closure or the statute of limitations lapses. we have established reserves for certain matters. although these matters are not expected individually to have
34
a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, such matters could have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
programming agreements we exercise judgment in estimating programming expense associated with certain video programming contracts. our policy is to record video programming costs based on the substance of our contractual agreements with our programming vendors, which are generally multi-year agreements that provide for us to make payments to the programming vendors at agreed upon market rates based on the number of customers to which we provide the programming service. if a programming contract expires prior to the parties' entry into a new agreement and we continue to distribute the service, we estimate the programming costs during the period there is no contract in place. in doing so, we consider the previous contractual rates, inflation and the status of the negotiations in determining our estimates. when the programming contract terms are finalized, an adjustment to programming expense is recorded, if necessary, to reflect the terms of the new contract. we also make estimates in the recognition of programming expense related to other items including the allocation of consideration exchanged between the parties among the various items in multiple-element transactions.
judgment is also involved when we enter into agreements that result in us receiving cash consideration from the programming vendor, usually in the form of advertising sales, channel positioning fees, launch support or marketing support. in these situations, we must determine based upon facts and circumstances if such cash consideration should be recorded as revenue, a reduction in programming expense or a reduction in another expense category (e.g., marketing).
pension plans we sponsor two qualified defined benefit pension plans, the twc pension plan and the twc union pension plan (collectively, the "twc pension plans"), that provide pension benefits to a majority of legacy twc employees. we also provide a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan for certain employees under the twc excess pension plan. as of december 31, 2018, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the twc pension plans was $3.0 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability of the twc pension plans was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $4 million current liability and $95 million long-term liability. as of december 31, 2017, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the twc pension plans was $3.6 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability of the twc pension plans was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $5 million current liability and $292 million long-term liability.
pension benefits are based on formulas that reflect the employees' years of service and compensation during their employment period. actuarial gains or losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. we have elected to follow a mark-to-market pension accounting policy for recording the actuarial gains or losses annually during the fourth quarter, or earlier if a remeasurement event occurs during an interim period. we use a december 31 measurement date for our pension plans.
we recognized net periodic pension benefits of $192 million, $1 million and $813 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net periodic pension benefit or expense is determined using certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and mortality assumptions. we determined the discount rate used to compute pension expense based on the yield of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. in developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current pension portfolio's composition, past average rate of earnings, and our asset allocation targets. we used a discount rate of 3.68% from january 1, 2018 to september 30, 2018 and 4.24% from october 1, 2018 to december 31, 2018 to compute 2018 pension expense. a decrease in the discount rate of 25 basis points would result in a $137 million increase in our pension plan benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018 and net periodic pension expense recognized in 2018 under our mark-to-market accounting policy. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to compute 2018 pension expense was 5.75%. a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of 25 basis points, from 5.75% to 5.50%, while holding all other assumptions constant, would result in an increase in our 2019 net periodic pension expense of approximately $7 million. see note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for additional discussion on these assumptions.
35
results of operations the following table sets forth the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented (dollars in millions, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                    2017                 2016
revenues                                                                         $43,634                   $41,581                   $29,003
costs and expenses:
operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below)          27,860                    26,541                    18,655
depreciation and amortization                                                     10,318                    10,588                     6,907
other operating expenses, net                                                        235                       346                       985
38,413                    37,475                    26,547
income from operations                                                             5,221                     4,106                     2,456
other expenses:
interest expense, net                                                             (3,540    )               (3,090    )               (2,499    )
loss on extinguishment of debt                                                         -                       (40    )                 (111    )
gain (loss) on financial instruments, net                                           (110    )                   69                        89
other pension benefits                                                               192                         1                       899
other expense, net                                                                   (77    )                  (18    )                  (14    )
(3,535    )               (3,078    )               (1,636    )
income before income taxes                                                         1,686                     1,028                       820
income tax benefit (expense)                                                        (180    )                9,087                     2,925
consolidated net income                                                            1,506                    10,115                     3,745
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                           (276    )                 (220    )                 (223    )
net income attributable to charter shareholders                                   $1,230                    $9,895                    $3,522
earnings per common share attributable to charter shareholders:
basic                                                                              $5.29                    $38.55                    $17.05
diluted                                                                            $5.22                    $34.09                    $15.94
weighted average common shares outstanding, basic                            232,356,665               256,720,715               206,539,100
weighted average common shares outstanding, diluted                          235,525,226               296,703,956               234,791,439
revenues.  total revenues grew $2.1 billion or 4.9% during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 and grew $12.6 billion or 43.4% during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016. revenue growth primarily reflects increases in the number of residential internet and commercial business customers, price adjustments as well as the launch of our mobile service in 2018 offset by a decrease in limited basic video customers. the transactions increased revenues for the year ended 2017 as compared to 2016 by approximately $11.4 billion. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, total revenue growth was 3.9% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016.
36
revenues by service offering were as follows (dollars in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers. minor differences may exist due to rounding):
years ended december 31, actual                                          pro forma
2018                                        2017                2016                        2018 vs. 2017 growth           2017 vs. 2016 growth                2016           2017 vs. 2016 growth video                         $17,348             $16,621             $11,955                   4.4            %              39.0            %         $16,370                   1.5            %
internet                       15,181              14,101               9,270                   7.7            %              52.1            %          12,684                  11.2            %
voice                           2,114               2,542               2,005                 (16.8           )%              26.8            %           2,905                 (12.5           )%
residential revenue            34,643              33,264              23,230                   4.1            %              43.2            %          31,959                   4.1            %
small and medium business       3,665               3,547               2,384                   3.3            %              48.8            %           3,283                   8.0            %
enterprise                      2,528               2,373               1,539                   6.5            %              54.1            %           2,175                   9.1            %
commercial revenue              6,193               5,920               3,923                   4.6            %              50.9            %           5,458                   8.5            %
advertising sales               1,785               1,510               1,235                  18.2            %              22.3            %           1,696                 (10.9           )%
mobile                            106                   -                   -                    nm                             nm                            -                    nm other                             907       887                 615                             2.3            %              44.1            %             910                  (2.6           )%
$43,634             $41,581             $29,003                   4.9            %              43.4            %         $40,023                   3.9            %
video revenues consist primarily of revenues from basic and digital video services provided to our residential customers, as well as franchise fees, equipment service fees and video installation revenue. the increases in video revenues are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
increase related to rate changes                             $1,089                              $408
decrease in average residential video customers                (298         )                    (205         )
increase (decrease) in vod and pay-per-view                     (64         )                      35
twc transaction                                                   -                             3,800
bright house transaction                                          -                               628
$727                            $4,666
the increases related to rate changes were primarily due to price adjustments including promotional roll-off, service level changes and bundle revenue allocation. residential video customers decreased by 296,000 and 301,000 in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase in video revenues is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
increase related to rate changes                               $513
increase in vod and pay-per-view                                 32
decrease in average residential video customers                (294         )
$251
37
the increases in internet revenues from our residential customers are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
increase in average residential internet customers                $695                              $574
increase related to rate changes                                   385                               418
twc transaction                                                      -                             3,267
bright house transaction                                             -                               572
$1,080                            $4,831
residential internet customers grew by 1,107,000 and 1,159,000 in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increases related to rate changes were primarily due to price adjustments including promotional roll-off and bundle revenue allocation.
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase in internet revenues is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
increase in average residential internet customers                $818
increase related to rate changes                                   599
$1,417
the changes in voice revenues from our residential customers are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017                   2017 compared to 2016
decrease related to rate changes                             $(408               )                         $(312         )
increase (decrease) in average residential voice customers   (20                 )                            20
twc transaction                                              -                                               707
bright house transaction                                     -                                               122
$(428               )                          $537
the decreases related to rate changes were primarily due to value-based pricing and bundle revenue allocation. residential voice customers decreased by 289,000 and grew by 93,000 in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the decrease in voice revenues is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
decrease related to rate changes                  $(412               )
increase in average residential voice customers   49
$(363               )
38
the increases in small and medium business commercial revenues are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
increase in small and medium business customers                $377                              $279
decrease related to rate changes                               (259         )                    (109         )
twc transaction                                                   -                               860
bright house transaction                                          -                               133
$118                            $1,163
small and medium business psus increased by 337,000 and 340,000 in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decreases related to rate changes were primarily due to value pricing related to spp, net of promotional roll-off and price adjustments.
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase in small and medium business commercial revenues is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
increase in small and medium business customers                $373
decrease related to rate changes                               (109         )
$264
enterprise revenues increased $155 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 primarily due to growth in customers. enterprise psus increased by 28,000 and 29,000 in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the transactions increased enterprise commercial revenues for year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior period by approximately $655 million. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, enterprise revenues increased $198 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior period.
advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors, as well as local cable and advertising on regional sports and news channels. advertising sales revenues increased $275 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 primarily due to an increase in political and continued roll-out of addressability and newer advanced advertising products that allows for more targeted media purchases using our inventory. advertising sales revenues increased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to the transactions. the transactions increased advertising sales revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior period by $425 million. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, advertising sales revenues decreased $186 million during 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to a decrease in political advertising.
mobile revenues represent approximately $97 million of device revenues and approximately $9 million of service revenues related to our mobile service. as of december 31, 2018, we had 134,000 mobile lines.
other revenues consist of revenue from regional sports and news channels (excluding intercompany charges or advertising sales on those channels), home shopping, late payment fees, wire maintenance fees and other miscellaneous revenues. the increase during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in late payment fees. other revenues increased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to the transactions. the transactions increased other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior period by $255 million. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, other revenues decreased $23 million during 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior period primarily due to a settlement incurred in 2016 related to an early contract termination at legacy twc and legacy bright house.
39
operating costs and expenses. the increases in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
programming                                                  $528                            $3,562
regulatory, connectivity and produced content                 146                               597
costs to service customers                                     92                             1,928
marketing                                                       6                               900
mobile                                                        346                                 -
other                                                         201                               899
$1,319                            $7,886
programming costs were approximately $11.1 billion, $10.6 billion and $7.0 billion, representing 40%, 40% and 38% of operating costs and expenses for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, digital, premium, vod, and pay-per-view programming. the increase in programming costs is primarily a result of contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents partly offset by lower video customers, pay-per-view and one-time programming benefits during the year ended december 31, 2018.  we expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. we have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers and do not expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.
regulatory, connectivity and produced content increased $146 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the corresponding period in 2017 primarily due to the adoption of accounting standards update 2014-09 as of january 1, 2018, which results in the reclassification of expenses related to the amortization of up-front fees paid to market and serve customers who reside in mdus that were recorded in depreciation and amortization expense in the prior-year period to regulatory, connectivity and produced content expenses, as well as higher regulatory fees related to higher revenue. for more information, see note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "item 1. financial statements."
costs to service customers increased $92 million during 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense.
mobile costs of $346 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 were comprised of mobile launch costs, mobile device costs and mobile service and operating costs.
the increases in other expense are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
advertising sales expense                  $99                              $242
property tax and insurance                  40                               108
stock compensation expense                  24                                17
corporate costs                             17                               190
enterprise                                  13                               246
other                                        8                                96
$201                              $899
the increases in all categories of operating costs and expenses in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to the transactions.
40
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase in our operating costs and expenses in 2017 as compared to 2016, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
programming                                                  $982
regulatory, connectivity and produced content                 (29         )
costs to service customers                                   (173         )
marketing                                                      72
other                                                        (165         )
$687
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, programming costs were approximately $9.6 billion, representing 37% of total operating costs and expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in programming costs on a pro forma basis is primarily a result of contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents and higher pay-per-view events offset by synergies as a result of the transactions.
costs to service customers decreased $173 million during 2017 as compared to 2016, on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, primarily due to benefits from combining legacy twc and legacy bright house into charter, including lower employee benefit and maintenance costs, higher labor and material capitalization with increases in placement of new customer equipment and improved productivity.
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the change in other expense is attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2017 compared to 2016
corporate costs                          $(174         )
stock compensation expense                 (34         )
property tax and insurance                 (22         )
advertising sales expense                   34
enterprise                                  26
other                                        5
$(165         )
corporate costs and stock compensation expense decreased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily as a result of lower headcount as a result of integration synergies.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $270 million and increased by $3.7 billion in 2018 and 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior periods. the decrease during the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in depreciation and amortization as certain assets acquired from legacy twc and legacy bright house become fully depreciated offset by an increase in depreciation as a result of more recent capital expenditures. the increase during the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 was impacted by additional depreciation and amortization related to the transactions, inclusive of the incremental amounts as a result of the higher fair values recorded in acquisition accounting.
41
other operating expenses, net. the changes in other operating expenses, net are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
2018 compared to 2017            2017 compared to 2016
merger and restructuring costs                   $(254         )                  $(619         )
special charges, net                                74                              (38         )
(gain) loss on sale of assets, net                  69             18
$(111         )                  $(639         )
the changes in merger and restructuring costs is primarily due to $70 million, $279 million and $611 million of employee retention and employee termination costs incurred during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, as well as approximately $262 million of contingent financing and advisory transaction fees paid at the closing of the transactions in 2016.
the changes in special charges, net is primarily due to changes in employee termination costs not related to the transactions and net amounts of litigation settlements. in 2018, special charges, net also includes a $22 million charge related to a withdrawal liability from a multiemployer pension plan. in 2017, special charges, net includes a $101 million benefit related to the remeasurement of the tax receivable agreement liability as a result of the enactment of tax reform in december 2017 offset by an $83 million charge related to a withdrawal liability from a multiemployer pension plan.
the increase in loss on sale of assets, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 is primarily due to an impairment of non-strategic assets. for more information, see note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
interest expense, net.  net interest expense increased by $450 million in 2018 from 2017 and by $591 million in 2017 from 2016. the increases in 2018 and 2017 as compared to the corresponding prior periods are primarily due to an increase in weighted average debt outstanding of approximately $6.6 billion and $11.6 billion, respectively, primarily as a result of the issuance of notes in 2018 and 2017 for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks. interest expense associated with debt assumed from legacy twc also increased interest expense during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the corresponding period in 2016 by approximately $336 million.
loss on extinguishment of debt. loss on extinguishment of debt of $40 million and $111 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily represents losses recognized as a result of the repurchase of cco holdings notes and amendments to charter operating's credit facilities. for more information, see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
gain (loss) on financial instruments, net. gains and losses on financial instruments are recognized due to changes in the fair value of our interest rate and our cross currency derivative instruments, and the foreign currency remeasurement of the fixed-rate british pound sterling denominated notes (the "sterling notes") into u.s. dollars. for more information, see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other pension benefits. other pension benefits increased by $191 million during 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to a net remeasurement gain of $122 million recognized in 2018 as opposed to remeasurement losses of $55 million recognized in 2017. other pension benefits decreased $898 million during 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to remeasurement losses of $55 million recognized in 2017 as opposed to a pension curtailment gain of $675 million and remeasurement gain of $195 million recognized in 2016. for more information, see note 20 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other expense, net. other expense, net primarily represents equity losses on our equity-method investments. for more information, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income tax benefit (expense). we recognized income tax expense of $180 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and income tax benefits of $9.1 billion and $2.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 was recognized primarily through the enactment of tax reform which resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately $9.3 billion.
42
income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2016 was the result of a reduction of substantially all of legacy charter's preexisting valuation allowance associated with its deferred tax assets of approximately $3.3 billion as certain of the deferred tax liabilities that were assumed in connection with the closing of the twc transaction will reverse and provide a source of future taxable income. for more information, see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes represents a/n's portion of charter holdings' net income based on its effective common unit ownership interest and on the preferred dividend of $150 million, $150 million and $93 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. for more information, see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to charter shareholders. net income attributable to charter shareholders was $1.2 billion, $9.9 billion and $3.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily as a result of the factors described above. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, net income attributable to charter shareholders was $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016.
use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow we use certain measures that are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate various aspects of our business. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, consolidated net income and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with gaap. these terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are reconciled to consolidated net income and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below.
adjusted ebitda eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. however, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. these costs are evaluated through other financial measures.
free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
management and charter's board of directors use adjusted ebitda and free cash flow to assess our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. in addition, adjusted ebitda generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the sec). for the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use adjusted ebitda, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other charter entities. our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of $1.1 billion, $1.1 billion and $930 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
43
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                         2017                  2016
actual consolidated net income                                         $1,506               $10,115                $3,745
plus: interest expense, net                                      3,540                 3,090                 2,499
income tax (benefit) expense                                       180                (9,087    )           (2,925    )
depreciation and amortization                                   10,318                10,588                 6,907
stock compensation expense                                         285                   261                   244
loss on extinguishment of debt                                       -                    40                   111
(gain) loss on financial instruments, net                          110                   (69    )              (89    )
other pension benefits                                            (192    )               (1    )             (899    )
other, net                                                         312                   364                   999
adjusted ebitda                                                $16,059               $15,301               $10,592
net cash flows from operating activities                       $11,767               $11,954                $8,041
less: purchases of property, plant and equipment                (9,125    )           (8,681    )           (5,325    )
change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures        (470    )              820                   603
free cash flow                                                  $2,172                $4,093                $3,319
year ended december 31, 2016
pro forma consolidated net income                             $1,399
plus: interest expense, net                          2,883
income tax expense                                     498
depreciation and amortization                        9,555
stock compensation expense                             295
loss on extinguishment of debt                         111
gain on financial instruments, net                     (89           )
other pension benefits                                (915           )
other, net                                             727
adjusted ebitda                                    $14,464
liquidity and capital resources overview we have significant amounts of debt.  the principal amount of our debt as of december 31, 2018 was $72.0 billion, consisting of $10.0 billion of credit facility debt, $43.0 billion of investment grade senior secured notes and $18.9 billion of high-yield senior unsecured notes. our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt.
our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. as we launch our new mobile services, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. free cash flow was $2.2 billion, $4.1 billion and $3.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in free cash flow in 2018 as compared to 2017 is primarily due to an unfavorable change in working capital as well as an increase in cash paid for interest and capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2018, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately $2.8 billion and cash on hand was approximately $551 million. we expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. the timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. additionally, we may, from time to time, and depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers or redemption provisions. we
44
believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.
we continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. charter's target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months adjusted ebitda remains at 4 to 4.5 times, and up to 3.5 times at the charter operating level. our leverage ratio was 4.5 as of december 31, 2018. we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, charter purchased approximately 14.1 million, 33.4 million and 5.1 million shares, respectively, of charter class a common stock for approximately $4.3 billion, $11.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively.
in december 2017, charter and a/n entered into an amendment to the letter agreement (the "letter agreement") that requires a/n to sell to charter or to charter holdings, on a monthly basis, a number of shares of charter class a common stock or charter holdings common units that represents a pro rata participation by a/n and its affiliates in any repurchases of shares of charter class a common stock from persons other than a/n effected by charter during the immediately preceding calendar month, at a purchase price equal to the average price paid by charter for the shares repurchased from persons other than a/n during such immediately preceding calendar month. a/n and charter both have the right to terminate or suspend the pro rata repurchase arrangement on a prospective basis once charter or charter holdings have repurchased shares of class a common stock or charter holdings common units from a/n and its affiliates for an aggregate purchase price of $400 million, which threshold has been reached. charter holdings purchased from a/n 2.1 million, 4.8 million and 0.8 million charter holdings common units at an average price per unit of $308.90, $347.03 and $289.83, or $656 million, $1.7 billion and $218 million during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
as of december 31, 2018, charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional $480 million of charter's class a common stock and/or charter holdings common units. charter is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. purchases may include open market purchases, tender offers or negotiated transactions.
as possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. however, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions, dispositions or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results.
recent events in january 2019, charter operating and charter communications operating capital corp. jointly issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.050% senior notes due 2029 at a price of 99.935% of the aggregate principal amount and an additional $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior notes due 2048 at a price of 94.970% of the aggregate principal amount. the net proceeds will be used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including funding buybacks of charter class a common stock and charter holdings common units as well as to repay certain indebtedness, including to repay at maturity time warner cable, llc's 8.75% senior notes due 2019.
in january 2019, charter operating entered into an amendment to its credit agreement raising an additional $1.7 billion term loan a-3 and increasing revolving loan capacity to $4.75 billion as well as extending the maturities on a portion of the term loan a-2 and a portion of the revolving loan to 2024. pricing on the new term loan a-3 is libor plus 1.50%.
45
free cash flow free cash flow decreased $1.9 billion and increased $774 million during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 compared to the corresponding prior periods, respectively, due to the following.
2018 compared to 2017             2017 compared to 2016
increase in adjusted ebitda                                                                                        $758                            $4,709
decrease in merger and restructuring costs                                                                          210                               420
decrease in working capital, excluding change in accrued interest, net of effects from acquisitions              (1,899         )                    (361         )
increase in cash paid for interest, net                                                                            (447         )                    (761         )
increase in capital expenditures                                                                                   (444         )                  (3,356         )
other, net                                                                                                          (99         )                     123
$(1,921         )                    $774
free cash flow was reduced by $594 million due to mobile during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the corresponding prior period with impacts negatively affecting working capital, capital expenditures and adjusted ebitda. the decrease in working capital during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the corresponding prior period, excluding change in accrued interest, is primarily due to the timing of fourth quarter 2017 capital expenditures and other payments.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment obligations as of december 31, 2018 under our long-term debt and certain other contractual obligations and commitments (dollars in millions.)
payments by period total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt principal payments (a)                   $71,961                  $3,457                  $6,114               $11,847                   $50,543
long-term debt interest payments (b)                     44,573                   3,800                   7,035                 6,329                    27,409
capital and operating lease obligations (c)               1,611                     296                     479         332                   504
programming minimum commitments (d)             191                                 124                      67                     -                         -
other (e)                                                16,278                   2,209                   4,693                 1,047                     8,329
$134,614                  $9,886                 $18,388               $19,555                   $86,785
(a)   the table presents maturities of long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2018. refer to notes 8 and 19 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a description of our long-term debt and other contractual obligations and commitments.
(b)   interest payments on variable debt are estimated using amounts outstanding at december 31, 2018 and the average implied forward libor rates applicable for the quarter during the interest rate reset based on the yield curve in effect at december 31, 2018. actual interest payments will differ based on actual libor rates and actual amounts outstanding for applicable periods.
(c)   we lease certain facilities and equipment under noncancelable capital and operating leases. capital lease obligations represented $111 million of total capital and operating lease obligations as of december 31, 2018. lease and rental costs charged to expense for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, were $382 million, $321 million and $215 million, respectively.
(d)   we pay programming fees under multi-year contracts typically based on a flat fee per customer, which may be fixed for the term, or may in some cases escalate over the term. programming costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were approximately $11.1 billion, $10.6 billion and $7.0 billion, for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. certain of our programming agreements are based on a flat fee per month or have guaranteed minimum payments. the table sets forth the aggregate guaranteed minimum commitments under our programming contracts.
(e)   "other" represents other guaranteed minimum commitments, including rights negotiated directly with content owners for distribution on company-owned channels or networks, commitments related to our role as an advertising and distribution
46
sales agent for third party-owned channels or networks, commitments to our customer premise equipment and device vendors and contractual obligations related to third-party network augmentation.
the following items are not included in the contractual obligations table because the obligations are not fixed and/or determinable due to various factors discussed below. however, we incur these costs as part of our operations:
•   we rent utility poles used in our operations. generally, pole rentals are cancelable on short notice, but we anticipate that such rentals will recur. rent expense incurred for pole rental attachments for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $171 million, $167 million and $115 million, respectively.
•   we pay franchise fees under multi-year franchise agreements based on a percentage of revenues generated from video service per year. we also pay other franchise related costs, such as public education grants, under multi-year agreements. franchise fees and other franchise-related costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were $747 million, $705 million and $534 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
•   we have $358 million in letters of credit, of which $138 million is secured under the charter operating credit facility, primarily to our various casualty carriers as collateral for reimbursement of workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims.
•   minimum pension funding requirements have not been presented in the table above as such amounts have not been determined beyond 2018. we made no cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2018; however, we are permitted to make discretionary cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2019. for the nonqualified pension plan, we contributed $6 million during 2018 and will continue to make contributions in 2019 to the extent benefits are paid.
see "part i. item 1. business - transaction-related commitments" for a listing of commitments as a result of the transactions.
historical operating, investing, and financing activities cash and cash equivalents. we held $551 million and $621 million in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. we also held $214 million in restricted cash as of december 31, 2018 representing escrowed funds of a consolidated variable interest entity. see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "item 1. financial statements."
operating activities.  net cash provided by operating activities decreased $187 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to changes in working capital, excluding the change in accrued interest and accrued expenses related to capital expenditures, that used $609 million more cash and an increase in cash paid for interest, net of $447 million and cash paid for taxes of $65 million offset by an increase in adjusted ebitda of $758 million and a decrease in merger and restructuring costs of $210 million.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $3.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to an increase in adjusted ebitda of $4.7 billion offset by an increase in cash paid for interest, net of $761 million as a result of the transactions and long-term debt issued for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, was $9.7 billion, $8.1 billion and $33.6 billion, respectively. the changes in cash used were primarily due to increases in capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures and the acquisition of legacy twc and legacy bright house in 2016.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities decreased $2.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily due to a decrease in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest offset by a decrease in the amount by which borrowings of long-term debt exceeded repayments.
net cash used in financing activities increased $9.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily due to increases in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest as well as a decrease in equity issued offset by an increase in borrowings of long-term debt exceeding repayments.
capital expenditures we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements.  capital expenditures were $9.1 billion, $8.7 billion and $5.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the increase in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher scalable infrastructure related to the timing of spend and planned product improvements, higher support capital investments due to the timing of spend and mobile and higher line extensions as a result of regulatory merger conditions, offset by a decrease
47
in cpe expenditures due to timing. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase during 2017 as compared to 2016 was driven by higher cpe purchases for spp, our all-digital initiative and early inventory purchases to operationally stage 2018 activity, higher support capital investments and line extensions. see the table below for more details.
we currently expect capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures related to mobile, to be approximately $7 billion in 2019, versus $8.9 billion in 2018. our expectation for lower capital expenditures in 2019 versus 2018, is primarily driven by our expectation for lower customer premise equipment spend with the completion of our all-digital conversion, lower scalable infrastructure spend with the completion of the roll-out of docsis 3.1 technology across our footprint and lower support capital spend with the substantial completion of the integration of legacy twc and legacy bright house. the actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2019 will depend on a number of factors including further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses.
our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. in addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures decreased $470 million and increased $820 million and $603 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the following tables present our major capital expenditures categories on an actual and pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, in accordance with national cable and telecommunications association ("ncta") disclosure guidelines for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. these disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under gaap, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under gaap (dollars in millions):
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                  2017                                 2016
actual customer premise equipment (a)                          $3,124                $3,385                $1,864
scalable infrastructure (b)                              2,227                 2,007                 1,390
line extensions (c)                                      1,373                 1,176                   721
upgrade/rebuild (d)                                        704        572                              456
support capital (e)                                      1,697                 1,541                   894
total capital expenditures                              $9,125                $8,681                $5,325
capital expenditures included in total related to:
commercial services                                     $1,313                $1,305                  $824
all-digital transition                                    $344                  $122                    $-
mobile                                                    $242                    $-                    $-
year ended december 31, 2016
pro forma customer premise equipment (a)                  $2,761
scalable infrastructure (b)                      2,009
line extensions (c)                              1,005
upgrade/rebuild (d)                                610
support capital (e)                              1,160
total capital expenditures                      $7,545
(a)   customer premise equipment includes costs incurred at the customer residence to secure new customers and revenue generating units, including customer installation costs and customer premise equipment (e.g., set-top boxes and cable modems).
(b)   scalable infrastructure includes costs not related to customer premise equipment, to secure growth of new customers and revenue generating units, or provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment).
(c)   line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering).
(d)   upgrade/rebuild includes costs to modify or replace existing fiber/coaxial cable networks, including betterments.
48
(e)   support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets due to technological and physical obsolescence (e.g., non-network equipment, land, buildings and vehicles).
debt as of december 31, 2018, the accreted value of our total debt was approximately $72.8 billion, as summarized below (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2018
principal amount              accreted value (a)     interest payment dates   maturity date (b)
cco holdings, llc:
5.250% senior notes due 2021            $500                           $498                     3/15 &amp; 9/15           3/15/2021
5.250% senior notes due 2022           1,250                          1,238                     3/30 &amp; 9/30           9/30/2022
5.125% senior notes due 2023           1,000                            994                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2023
4.000% senior notes due 2023             500                            496                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            3/1/2023
5.125% senior notes due 2023           1,150                          1,144                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2023
5.750% senior notes due 2023             500                            497                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            9/1/2023
5.750% senior notes due 2024           1,000                            993                     1/15 &amp; 7/15           1/15/2024
5.875% senior notes due 2024           1,700                          1,688                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2024
5.375% senior notes due 2025             750                            745                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2025
5.750% senior notes due 2026           2,500                          2,467                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2026
5.500% senior notes due 2026           1,500                          1,490                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2026
5.875% senior notes due 2027             800                            795                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2027
5.125% senior notes due 2027           3,250                          3,219                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2027
5.000% senior notes due 2028           2,500                          2,466                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2028
charter communications operating, llc:
3.579% senior notes due 2020           2,000                          1,992                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2020
4.464% senior notes due 2022           3,000                          2,982                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2022
senior floating rate notes due 2024             900                            903            2/1, 5/1, 8/1 &amp; 11/1            2/1/2024
4.500% senior notes due 2024           1,100                          1,091                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2024
4.908% senior notes due 2025           4,500                          4,466                     1/23 &amp; 7/23           7/23/2025
3.750% senior notes due 2028           1,000                            986                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2028
4.200% senior notes due 2028           1,250                          1,240                     3/15 &amp; 9/15           3/15/2028
6.384% senior notes due 2035           2,000                          1,982                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2035
5.375% senior notes due 2038             800                            785                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2038
6.484% senior notes due 2045           3,500                          3,467                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2045
5.375% senior notes due 2047           2,500                          2,506                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2047
5.750% senior notes due 2048           1,700                          1,683                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2048
6.834% senior notes due 2055             500                            495                    4/23 &amp; 10/23          10/23/2055
credit facilities          10,038                          9,959                                                  varies time warner cable, llc:
8.750% senior notes due 2019           1,250                          1,260                     2/14 &amp; 8/14           2/14/2019
8.250% senior notes due 2019           2,000                          2,030                      4/1 &amp; 10/1            4/1/2019
5.000% senior notes due 2020           1,500                          1,541                       2/1 &amp; 8/1            2/1/2020
4.125% senior notes due 2021             700                            721                     2/15 &amp; 8/15           2/15/2021
4.000% senior notes due 2021           1,000                          1,033                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            9/1/2021
5.750% sterling senior notes due 2031 (c)             796                            855                                 6/2            6/2/2031
6.550% senior debentures due 2037           1,500                          1,680                      5/1 &amp; 11/1            5/1/2037
7.300% senior debentures due 2038           1,500                          1,780                       1/1 &amp; 7/1            7/1/2038
6.750% senior debentures due 2039           1,500                          1,719                    6/15 &amp; 12/15           6/15/2039
5.875% senior debentures due 2040           1,200                          1,256                    5/15 &amp; 11/15          11/15/2040
5.500% senior debentures due 2041           1,250                          1,258                       3/1 &amp; 9/1            9/1/2041
5.250% sterling senior notes due 2042 (d)             827                            798                                7/15           7/15/2042
49
4.500% senior debentures due 2042       1,250       1,140   3/15 &amp; 9/15   9/15/2042
time warner cable enterprises llc:
8.375% senior debentures due 2023       1,000       1,191   3/15 &amp; 9/15   3/15/2023
8.375% senior debentures due 2033       1,000       1,298   7/15 &amp; 1/15   7/15/2033
$71,961     $72,827
(a)   the accreted values presented in the table above represent the principal amount of the debt adjusted for original issue discount or premium at the time of sale, deferred financing costs, and, in regards to the legacy twc debt assumed, fair value premium adjustments as a result of applying acquisition accounting plus the accretion of those amounts to the balance sheet date. however, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. in regards to the sterling notes, the principal amount of the debt and any premium or discount is remeasured into us dollars as of each balance sheet date. we have availability under our credit facilities of approximately $2.8 billion as of december 31, 2018.
(b)   in general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest.
(c)   principal amount includes £625 million valued at $796 million as of december 31, 2018 using the exchange rate as of december 31, 2018.
(d)   principal amount includes £650 million valued at $827 million as of december 31, 2018 using the exchange rate as of december 31, 2018.
see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for further details regarding our outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt and financing arrangements. the agreements and instruments governing our debt and financing arrangements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments which are filed with the sec for more detailed information.
at december 31, 2018, charter operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 3.1 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the charter operating credit facilities of 5.0 to 1.0 consolidated leverage ratio and 4.0 to 1.0 consolidated first lien leverage ratio. a failure by charter operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the charter operating credit facilities and the debt of cco holdings. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity."
recently issued accounting standards see note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.
