item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. you should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the sec, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. any of the following risks may materialize, and additional risks not known to us, or that we now deem immaterial, may arise. in such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases.
future increases in costs such as wage and benefit costs, the cost of merchandise, duties, merchandise loss (due to theft, damage, or errors), shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs and store occupancy costs would reduce our profitability. wage rates, labor costs, and inflation are expected to increase in 2019. the minimum wage has increased in certain states and local jurisdictions and is scheduled to increase further in 2019.
in our dollar tree segment, we do not raise the sales price of our merchandise to offset cost increases because we are committed to selling primarily at the $1.00 price point to continue to provide value to the customer. we are dependent on our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset cost increases. we can give no assurance that we will be able to operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future. although family dollar, unlike dollar tree, can raise the price of merchandise, customers would buy fewer products if prices were to increase. please see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" beginning on page 27 of this form 10-k for further discussion of the effect of economic factors on our operations.
we could encounter additional disruptions in our distribution network and have encountered and expect to encounter additional costs in distributing merchandise, such as freight cost increases due to the truck driver shortage and fuel cost increases.
our success is dependent on our ability to transport merchandise to our distribution centers and then ship it to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. we also rely on third parties to deliver certain merchandise directly from vendors to our stores. we may not anticipate, respond to or control all of the challenges of operating our receiving and distribution systems. additionally, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales or increased costs. some of the factors that could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are:
•shipping disruption. our oceanic shipping schedules may be disrupted or delayed from time to time.
•   shipping costs. we could experience increases in shipping rates imposed by the trans-pacific ocean carriers. changes in import duties, import quotas and other trade sanctions could increase our costs.
•efficient operations. distribution centers and other aspects of our distribution network are difficult to operate efficiently and we have and could experience a reduction in operating efficiency.
•diesel fuel costs. we have experienced volatility in diesel fuel costs over the past few years.
•   trucking costs. we have experienced significant increases in trucking cost due to the truck driver shortage and other factors.
•vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters. a fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes.
•labor disagreement. labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase costs.
•war, terrorism and other events. war and acts of terrorism in the united states, the middle east, or in china or other parts of asia, where we buy a significant amount of our imported merchandise, could disrupt our supply chain or increase our transportation costs.
•economic conditions. suppliers may encounter financial or other difficulties.
•mclane company, inc. in fiscal 2018, we purchased approximately 13% of our merchandise for our family dollar segment through our relationship with mclane company, inc., which distributes consumable merchandise from multiple manufacturers. a disruption in our relationship with mclane company, inc. could have a significant near-term impact
12
on our operations.
integrating family dollar's operations with ours may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, including disruptions or the loss of key personnel in connection with the consolidation of the family dollar headquarters from north carolina to virginia.
the success of the family dollar acquisition (the "acquisition"), including anticipated benefits, synergies and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate the businesses and cultures of the family dollar segment into our company. the integration is not yet complete. it is possible that the remaining integration process will take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of key employees, higher than expected costs or unexpected costs, ongoing diversion of management attention, increased competition, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees. if we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could adversely affect our results of operations or business.
our business could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain qualified associates and key personnel.
our growth and performance is dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel for both dollar tree and family dollar. various factors, including the acquisition, the integration process, constraints on overall labor availability, wage rates, regulatory or legislative impacts, and benefit costs could impact our ability to attract and retain qualified associates at our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices.
risks associated with our domestic and foreign suppliers, including, among others, increased taxes, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on trade (including section 301 tariffs imposed by the united states trade representative on imported chinese goods), could adversely affect our financial performance.
we are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.
we rely on the availability of imported goods at favorable wholesale prices. merchandise imported directly accounts for approximately 40% to 42% of our dollar tree segment's total retail value purchases and 17% to 19% of our family dollar segment's total retail value purchases. in addition, we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. china is the source of a substantial majority of our imports. imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and increase our profit margins. a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits. risks associated with our reliance on imported goods may include disruptions in the flow of or increases in the cost of imported goods because of factors such as:
•an increase in duties, tariffs or other restrictions on trade;
•raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes and political unrest;
•economic crises and international disputes or conflicts;
•changes in currency exchange rates or policies and local economic conditions, including inflation in the country of origin;
•potential changes to, or withdrawal of the united states from, international trade agreements;
•changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products; and
•failure of the united states to maintain normal trade relations with china and other countries.
we rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of those systems could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results.
we rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of third-party service providers to manage inventory, process credit card and customer transactions and summarize results. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems and on our ability to successfully integrate the dollar tree and family dollar systems. we also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these computer and technology systems and support.
13
although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through computer viruses and cyber-attacks.
if these systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions and may receive negative publicity, which could adversely affect our results of operations and business. in addition, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
if we are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our results of operations or business.
many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and associates. many of our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business and suppliers.
we have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our associates' private data, suppliers' data, and our business records and intellectual property and other sensitive information. despite these measures, cyber-attacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to detect and we may be vulnerable to, and unable to anticipate, detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks. if we or any third-party systems we use experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions and private litigation. in addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether.
moreover, significant capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to remedy cybersecurity problems and prevent future security breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel and experts for those whose data has been breached. these costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.
the unavailability of our information technology systems or the failure of those systems or software to perform as anticipated for any reason and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such an event, could disrupt our business, decrease performance and increase overhead costs. if we are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs. any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or business.
our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably.
existing store sales growth is critical to good operating results and is dependent on a variety of factors including merchandise quality, relevance and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction. in addition, increased competition could adversely affect our sales. failure to meet our sales targets, including in our renovated stores, could result in our needing to record material non-cash impairment charges related to our intangible assets.
our highest sales periods are during the christmas and easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. in anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores. a reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. when easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. easter was observed on april 16, 2017 and april 1, 2018, and will be observed on april 21, 2019.
14
expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. obtaining an increasing number of profitable stores is an ever increasing challenge. in addition, our expansion is dependent upon third-party developers' abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals. we also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could incur losses due to impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets.
under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. a more frequent evaluation is performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred.
in fiscal 2018, we recorded a $2.73 billion non-cash pre-tax and after-tax goodwill impairment charge related to our family dollar reporting unit, as a result of a strategic and operational reassessment of the family dollar segment following challenges that the business has experienced that have impacted our ability to grow the business at the originally estimated rate when the company made the acquisition in 2015. these challenges include slower sales growth, increased freight costs driven by the driver shortage, reinvestment in store labor and higher shrink. in the future, failure to address these challenges, significant negative industry or general economic trends, other disruptions to our business and unanticipated significant changes in our use of the assets may result in additional impairments to our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. we will continue to monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our goodwill impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition. for additional information on goodwill impairments please refer to "note 3 - goodwill and nonamortizing intangible assets" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k.
our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell.
our gross profit margin could decrease if we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell in the future. imported merchandise is generally lower cost than domestic goods. if duties increase, increasing the cost of imported goods, we may sell less imported goods and our profitability may suffer. in recent years, the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products has increased and we can give no assurance that this trend will not continue. in addition, carrying a greater proportion of higher cost goods can lead to higher shrink. as a result, our gross profit margin could decrease unless we are able to maintain our current merchandise cost sufficiently to offset any decrease in our product margin percentage. we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so.
in our family dollar segment, our success also depends on our ability to select and obtain sufficient quantities of relevant merchandise at prices that allow us to sell such merchandise at profitable and appropriate prices. a sales price that is too high causes products to be less attractive to our customers and our sales at family dollar could suffer. we are continuing to implement our everyday low price strategy at family dollar to drive customer loyalty and have a strategic pricing team to improve our value and to increase profitability. inability to successfully implement our pricing strategies at family dollar could have a negative effect on our business.
in addition, our family dollar segment has a substantial number of private brand items and the number of items has been increasing. we believe our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including our pricing, costs, quality and customer perception. we may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands and, as a result, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. additionally, the increased number of private brands could negatively impact our existing relationships with our non-private brand suppliers.
our business or the value of our common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist shareholders.
we value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. the board of directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all of our shareholders. there is no assurance that the actions taken by the board of directors and management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with the company's shareholders will be successful. activist shareholders who disagree with the composition of the board of directors, the company's strategy or the way the company is managed may seek to effect change through various strategies that range from private engagement to publicity campaigns, proxy contests, efforts to force transactions not supported by the board of directors and litigation.
15
on january 2, 2019, an activist shareholder, starboard value and opportunity master fund ltd. ("starboard"), delivered to us a notice of its intention to nominate seven director candidates for election to the board of directors at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders of the company to be held june 13, 2019 (the "2019 annual meeting"). if starboard is successful, it is possible that starboard-nominated directors could constitute a majority of the board of directors following the 2019 annual meeting. starboard has also made public statements calling for changes to the company's strategy.
responding to these actions may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of our board of directors, management and employees, and interfere with the company's store support center consolidation and the ability to execute its strategic plan and attract and retain qualified executive leadership. a contested election could also require us to incur substantial legal and public relations fees and proxy solicitation expenses. the perceived uncertainty as to the company's future direction resulting from activist strategies could also affect the market price and volatility of the company's common stock.
litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. we are dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with all applicable safety standards. however, product liability, personal injury or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall and other safety issues with respect to the products that we sell. we seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our vendors, and if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such product liability or safety claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. our ability to obtain the benefit of contractual indemnification from foreign vendors may be hindered by our ability to enforce contractual indemnification obligations against such vendors. our litigation expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our results of operations even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.
for example, we are currently defendants in state employment-related class and representative actions and litigation concerning injury from products. the outcome of litigation is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits or proceedings may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. the cost to defend current and future litigation or proceedings may be significant. there also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product or food safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.
for a discussion of current legal matters, please see "item 3. legal proceedings" beginning on page 23 of this form 10-k and "note 5 - commitments and contingencies" under the caption "contingencies" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k. resolution of these matters, if decided against the company, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, accrued liabilities or cash flows.
pressure from competitors may reduce our sales and profits.
the retail industry is highly competitive. the marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. we expect competition to increase in the future. there are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial resources than we do. we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. please see "item 1. business" beginning on page 6 of this form 10-k for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.
a downturn or changes in economic conditions could impact our sales or profitability.
deterioration in economic conditions, such as those caused by a recession, inflation, higher unemployment, consumer debt levels, trade disputes or international conflict, as well as adverse weather conditions or terrorism, could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. adverse economic conditions could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns or reduce our profitability due to lower margins.
furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers' spending on products we sell. factors that could reduce our customers' disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include
16
but are not limited to, the adverse economic conditions described above as well as increases in fuel or other energy costs and interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, concerns over government mandated participation in health insurance programs, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in, decreases in, or elimination of, government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs.
many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as commodity rates, transportation costs (including the costs of diesel fuel), costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, lease costs, barriers or increased costs associated with international trade and other economic factors also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively, our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. we have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.
changes in federal, state or local law, including regulations and interpretations or guidance thereunder, or our failure to adequately estimate the impact of such changes or comply with such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. the minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states, provinces and local jurisdictions. significant legislative changes in regulations such as the health-care legislation, that impact our relationship with our workforce could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product and food safety, worker safety or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase or product recalls. in addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, particularly wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the price of our common stock is subject to market and other conditions and may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. these factors, some of which may be beyond our control, include the perceived prospects and actual results of operations of our business; changes in estimates of our results of operations by analysts, investors or us; trading activity by our large shareholders; trading activity by sophisticated algorithms (high-frequency trading); our actual results of operations relative to estimates or expectations; actions or announcements by us or our competitors; litigation and judicial decisions; legislative or regulatory actions or changes; and changes in general economic or market conditions. in addition, the stock market in general has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. these market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our operating performance.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, limit our ability to obtain additional financing, restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and competitive pressures.
in connection with the acquisition, we substantially increased our indebtedness, which could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations and have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity position. as of february 2, 2019, our total indebtedness is $4.3 billion. in addition, we have $1.25 billion of additional borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, less amounts outstanding for letters of credit totaling $182.9 million.
our high level of debt could have significant consequences, including the following:
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes;
•requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments, instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•limiting our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all;
•imposing restrictive covenants on our operations;
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors carrying less debt; and
•making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressures.
17
in addition, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future.
the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to pursue our business strategies, and could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including, among other things, restrictions on our ability to:
•incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness;
•declare or pay dividends or make other distributions with respect to, or purchase or otherwise acquire or retire for value, equity interests;
•make loans, advances or other investments;
•incur liens;
•sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries;
•enter into sale and lease-back transactions;
•consolidate or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our assets to, another person; and
•enter into transactions with affiliates.
in addition, certain of these agreements require us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants. our ability to satisfy these financial maintenance covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet them.
a breach of the covenants under these agreements could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. such default may allow the debt holders to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially affected. in addition, an event of default under our credit facilities may permit the lenders under our credit facilities to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under such credit facilities. furthermore, if we are unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our credit facilities, those lenders may be able to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. in the event our lenders or holders of notes accelerate the repayment of such borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
as a result of these restrictions, we may be:
•limited in how we conduct our business;
•unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or
•unable to compete effectively, take advantage of new business opportunities or grow in accordance with our plans.
our variable-rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our annual debt service obligations to increase significantly.
certain of our indebtedness, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility, is subject to variable rates of interest and exposes us to interest rate risk. interest rates, while historically low, have recently begun to increase. when interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income decreases. an increase (decrease) of 1.0% on the interest rate would result in an increase (decrease) of $7.5 million in annual interest expense. although we may enter into interest rate swaps, involving the exchange of floating-rate for fixed-rate interest payments, to reduce interest rate volatility, we cannot assure you we will be able to do so.
18
certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could delay or discourage a change of control transaction that may be in a shareholder's best interest.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws currently contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his/her best interest. these provisions, among other things:
•provide that only the board of directors, chairman or president may call special meetings of the shareholders;
•establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings; and
•permit the board of directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock.
however, we believe that these provisions allow our board of directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in management's discussion and analysis, we explain the general financial condition and the results of operations for our company, including:
•   what factors affect our business;
•   what our net sales, earnings or losses, gross margins and costs were in 2018, 2017 and 2016;
•   why those net sales, earnings or losses, gross margins and costs were different from the year before;
•   how all of this affects our overall financial condition;
•   what our expenditures for capital projects were in 2018 and 2017 and what we expect them to be in 2019; and
•   where funds will come from to pay for future expenditures.
as you read management's discussion and analysis, please refer to our consolidated financial statements, included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k, which present the results of operations for the fiscal years ended february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017. in management's discussion and analysis, we analyze and explain the annual changes in some specific line items in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 and for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016. we also provide information regarding the performance of each of our operating segments. unless otherwise indicated, references to "we," "our" or "us" refer to dollar tree, inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
key events and recent developments several key events have had or are expected to have a significant effect on our operations. they are listed below:
•   integration of family dollar
◦   in the third quarter of 2018, we announced that we plan to consolidate our store support centers in matthews, north carolina and chesapeake, virginia to our newly-completed office tower in the summit pointe development in chesapeake, virginia.
◦   based on our strategic and operational reassessment of the family dollar segment, following challenges that the business has experienced that have impacted our ability to grow the business at the originally estimated rate when we acquired family dollar in 2015, management determined there were indicators that the goodwill of the business may be impaired. accordingly, a goodwill impairment test was performed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. the results of the impairment test showed that the fair value of the family dollar business was lower than the carrying value resulting in a $2.73 billion non-cash pre-tax and after-tax goodwill impairment charge.
◦   on march 6, 2019, we announced plans for a store optimization program for family dollar. for fiscal 2019, this program includes rolling out a new model for both new and renovated family dollar stores, internally known as h2, to at least 1,000 stores, closing as many as 390 under-performing stores, re-bannering 200 family dollar stores to the dollar tree brand, installing adult beverages in approximately 1,000 stores and expanding freezers and coolers in approximately 400 stores.
•   supply chain
◦   in the second quarter of 2016, we completed construction of a new 1.5 million square foot distribution center in cherokee county, south carolina.
◦   in the third quarter of 2016, we completed a 0.3 million square foot expansion of our distribution center in stockton, california.
◦   in the second quarter of 2018, we completed construction of a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in warrensburg, missouri.
◦   during fiscal 2018, we began construction of a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in morrow county, ohio which is expected to be operational in the third quarter of 2019.
◦   in fiscal 2019, we announced tentative plans to construct a new 1.2 million square foot distribution center in rosenberg, texas which is expected to be operational in the summer of 2020.
•   long-term debt
◦   during the first quarter of 2018, we redeemed the $750.0 million 5.25% acquisition notes due 2020 and accelerated the amortization of debt-issuance costs associated with the notes of $6.1 million.
27
◦   during the first quarter of 2018, we refinanced our long-term debt obligations as follows:
▪   we completed the registered offering of $750.0 million of senior floating rate notes due 2020, $1.0 billion of 3.70% senior notes due 2023, $1.0 billion of 4.00% senior notes due 2025 and $1.25 billion of 4.20% senior notes due 2028;
▪   we entered into a credit agreement for a $782.0 million term loan facility and a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility;
▪   we used the proceeds of the above offerings to repay the $2,182.7 million outstanding under our senior secured credit facilities and redeem the remaining $2,500.0 million outstanding under our acquisition debt, resulting in the acceleration of the expensing of $41.2 million of deferred financing costs and the incurrence of $114.3 million in prepayment penalties.
◦   during the fourth quarter of 2018, we prepaid the $782.0 million outstanding under the term loan facility and accelerated the expensing of $1.5 million of deferred financing costs.
•   taxes - on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") was signed into law which lowered the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% and made numerous other law changes, effective as of january 1, 2018.
overview we are a leading operator of more than 15,200 retail discount stores and we conduct our operations in two reporting segments. our dollar tree segment is the leading operator of discount variety stores offering merchandise at the fixed price of $1.00. our family dollar segment operates general merchandise retail discount stores providing consumers with a selection of competitively-priced merchandise in convenient neighborhood stores.
our net sales are derived from the sale of merchandise. two major factors tend to affect our net sales trends. first is our success at opening new stores or adding new stores through mergers or acquisitions. second is the performance of stores once they are open. sales vary at our existing stores from one year to the next. we refer to this as a change in comparable store net sales, because we include only those stores that are open throughout both of the periods being compared, beginning after the first fifteen months of operation. we include sales from stores expanded or remodeled during the year in the calculation of comparable store net sales, which has the effect of increasing our comparable store net sales. the term 'expanded' also includes stores that are relocated. our acquired family dollar stores are included in the comparable store net sales calculation beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016; however, they are not included in the annual comparable store net sales calculation until fiscal 2017. stores that have been re-bannered are considered to be new stores and are not included in the calculation of the comparable store net sales change until after the first fifteen months of operation under the new brand.
at february 2, 2019, we operated stores in 48 states and the district of columbia, as well as stores in five canadian provinces. a breakdown of store counts and square footage by segment for the years ended february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018 is as follows:
year ended february 2, 2019                                               february 3, 2018
dollar tree          family dollar              total          dollar tree          family dollar              total store count:
beginning                  6,650                       8,185                 14,835             6,360                 7,974                 14,334
new stores                   320                         226                    546               315                   288                    603
re-bannered stores            52                         (53        )            (1    )            -                     -                      -
closings                     (21   )                    (122        )          (143    )          (25       )           (77        )          (102    )
ending                     7,001                       8,236                 15,237             6,650                 8,185                 14,835
relocations                   54                          13                     67                82                    31                    113
selling square feet (in millions):
beginning                   57.3                        59.3                  116.6              54.7                  57.7                  112.4
new stores                   2.7                         1.7                    4.4               2.6                   2.1                    4.7
re-bannered stores           0.4                        (0.4        )             -                 -                     -                      -
closings                    (0.2   )                    (0.8        )          (1.0    )         (0.2       )          (0.5        )          (0.7    )
relocations                  0.1                           -                    0.1               0.2                     -                    0.2
ending                      60.3                        59.8                  120.1              57.3                  59.3                  116.6
28
stores are included as re-banners when they close or open, respectively. comparable store net sales for dollar tree may be negatively affected when a family dollar store is re-bannered near an existing dollar tree store.
the average size of stores opened in 2018 was approximately 8,440 selling square feet (or about 10,480 gross square feet) for the dollar tree segment and 7,350 selling square feet (or about 9,110 gross square feet) for the family dollar segment. for 2019, we continue to plan to open stores that are approximately 8,000 - 10,000 selling square feet (or about 10,000 - 12,000 gross square feet) for the dollar tree segment and approximately 7,000 - 9,000 selling square feet (or about 9,000 - 11,000 gross square feet) for the family dollar segment. we believe that these size stores are in the ranges of our optimal sizes operationally and give our customers a shopping environment which invites them to shop longer, buy more and make return visits.
fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2016 which ended on february 2, 2019 and january 28, 2017, respectively, each included 52 weeks. fiscal 2017 ended on february 3, 2018 and included 53 weeks, commensurate with the retail calendar. the 53rd week in 2017 added approximately $406.6 million in sales.
in fiscal 2018, comparable store net sales increased by 1.7% on a constant currency basis. this increase is based on a 52-week comparison for both years. constant currency basis refers to the calculation excluding the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. we calculated the constant currency basis increase by translating the current year's comparable store net sales in canada using the prior year's currency exchange rates. we believe that the constant currency basis provides a more accurate measure of comparable store net sales performance. including the impact of canadian currency fluctuations, comparable store net sales increased the same 1.7% due to an increase in average ticket. on a constant currency basis, comparable store net sales increased 3.3% in the dollar tree segment and increased 0.1% in the family dollar segment in fiscal 2018. including the impact of currency, comparable store net sales in the dollar tree segment increased the same 3.3%, as a result of a 1.8% increase in average ticket and a 1.5% increase in customer count. in the family dollar segment, a 2.0% increase in average ticket was offset by a 1.9% decline in customer count. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
we believe comparable store net sales continue to be positively affected by a number of our dollar tree initiatives. we continued the roll-out of frozen and refrigerated merchandise to more of our dollar tree stores in 2018 and as of february 2, 2019, the dollar tree segment had frozen and refrigerated merchandise in approximately 5,665 stores compared to approximately 5,205 stores at february 3, 2018. over the past year, we rolled out a new layout to a number of our dollar tree stores, which we call our snack zone. this layout highlights our immediate consumption snack offerings in the front of the store near the checkout areas. as of february 2, 2019, we have this layout in approximately 930 dollar tree stores and we plan to implement snack zone in 1,000 new and existing stores in fiscal 2019. we believe these initiatives have and will continue to enable us to increase sales and earnings by increasing the number of shopping trips made by our customers.
we are executing several initiatives in our family dollar stores to increase sales. during fiscal 2018, we completed more than 500 family dollar renovations, and have completed more than 875 renovations since launching this initiative in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. in march 2019, we announced plans for a store optimization program for family dollar. this program consists of the following:
•   a roll-out of a new model for both new and renovated family dollar stores internally known as h2. we tested the h2 model in 2018 on a limited basis with positive results. this h2 model has significantly improved merchandise offerings, including dollar tree $1.00 merchandise sections and establishing a minimum number of freezer and cooler doors, throughout the store. h2 has increased traffic and provided an average comparable store net sales lift in excess of 10% over control stores. h2 performs well in a variety of locations, and especially in locations where family dollar has been most challenged in the past. we started 2019 with approximately 200 h2 stores and plan to renovate at least 1,000 stores to this model in 2019 and expect an accelerated renovation schedule in future years.
•   we plan to close under-performing stores. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we closed 84 under-performing stores which brought our total closed stores for the year to 37 more than originally planned. in 2019 we will accelerate the pace of closings to as many as 390 stores. the normal cadence of family dollar closings on an annual basis is approximately 75 stores. we expect to incur approximately $28.0 million in store closure costs, which does not include the cost of rent and other lease obligation and fixture costs.
•   we plan to re-banner approximately 200 family dollar stores to the dollar tree brand in 2019. we re-bannered 52 stores to the dollar tree brand in 2018 and have re-bannered approximately 350 stores since the acquisition of family dollar in 2015.
•   additionally, we plan to install adult beverage product in approximately 1,000 stores and expand freezers and coolers in approximately 400 stores in 2019.
29
in fiscal 2019, in addition to the approximately $28.0 million in store closure costs, we estimate that we will incur approximately $30.0 million of incremental initiative costs based on project count and velocity.
on september 18, 2018, we announced that as part of our continuing integration of family dollar's organization and support functions, we plan to consolidate our store support centers in matthews, north carolina and chesapeake, virginia to our newly-completed office tower in the summit pointe development in chesapeake, virginia. approximately 30 percent of the matthews associates, including more than 50 percent of the officers and directors, invited to move to chesapeake have agreed to do so. we are currently hiring to replace the associates who are not moving. we expect the consolidation to be completed by the fall of 2019. we expect to incur total pre-tax expense of approximately $37.0 million in connection with these plans in fiscal 2019 and we incurred approximately $7.3 million in 2018.
additionally, the following items have already impacted or could impact our business or results of operations during 2019 or in the future:
•   we have experienced disruptions and higher than anticipated freight costs primarily due to the truck driver shortage in the united states. we expect that this will result in higher costs in future periods as merchandise is sold and could result in lower sales if product is not received in our stores on a timely basis.
•   the united states trade representative (ustr) has implemented section 301 tariffs against $250 billion in chinese goods. although the tariff rate on $200 billion of those goods was originally expected to rise from 10 percent to 25 percent on march 2, 2019, president trump announced on february 24, 2019 that he would be postponing the increase. the duration of the postponement is unknown, and the final tariffs are subject to the outcome of trade discussions between the united states and china. however, we do not expect that the tariffs will be material to our business or results of operations in 2019. when the tariffs were implemented, approximately nine percent of our products, measured by sales volume, would have been affected. to mitigate the potential adverse effect of the tariffs, we negotiated price concessions from vendors on certain products, canceled orders, changed product sizes and specifications, changed our product mix and changed vendors. as a result of our mitigation efforts, we believe that we have reduced most of the potential adverse effects of the tariffs on the dollar tree and family dollar segments in 2019. however, we can give no assurances as to the final scope, duration, or impact of any existing or future tariffs and such tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations if we do not continue to mitigate their impact.
we must continue to control our merchandise costs, inventory levels and our general and administrative expenses as increases in these items could negatively impact our operating results.
results of operations year ended february 2,          february 3,          january 28,
2019                 2018                 2017
net sales                                                                                                    100.0   %            100.0       %        100.0       %
cost of sales                                                                                                 69.6   %             68.4       %         69.2       %
gross profit                                                                                                  30.4   %             31.6       %         30.8       %
selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding goodwill impairment and receivable impairment         22.6   %             22.5       %         22.6       %
goodwill impairment                                                                                           11.9   %                -       %            -       %
receivable impairment                                                                                            -   %              0.1       %            -       %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                  34.5   %             22.6       %         22.6       %
operating income (loss)                                                                                       (4.1   )%             9.0       %          8.2       %
interest expense, net                                                                                          1.6   %              1.3       %          1.8       %
other income, net                                                                                                -   %                -       %            -       %
income (loss) before income taxes                                                                             (5.7   )%             7.7       %          6.4       %
provision for income taxes                                                                                     1.3   %                -       %          2.1       %
net income (loss)                                                                                             (7.0   )%             7.7       %          4.3       %
30
fiscal year ended february 2, 2019 compared to fiscal year ended february 3, 2018
net sales. net sales increased 2.6%, or $577.8 million, in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding the 53rd week in 2017, which accounted for approximately $406.6 million of sales, net sales increased 4.5%, or $984.4 million, resulting from sales of $618.5 million in new dollar tree and family dollar stores and increased comparable store net sales. comparable store net sales increased 1.7% on a constant currency basis as a result of an increase in average ticket. this increase is based on a 52-week comparison for both periods. comparable store net sales increased the same 1.7% when including the impact of canadian currency fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, comparable store net sales increased 3.3% in the dollar tree segment and increased 0.1% in the family dollar segment. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
gross profit. gross profit decreased by $74.4 million or 1.1%, to $6,947.5 million in 2018 compared to $7,021.9 million in 2017. gross profit margin decreased to 30.4% in 2018 from 31.6% in 2017. our gross profit margin decrease was due to the following:
•   markdown expense increased approximately 30 basis points resulting primarily from expense related to sku rationalization and planned liquidations and higher promotional markdowns in the family dollar segment.
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 25 basis points resulting from higher domestic freight costs, partially offset by improvements in initial mark-on.
•   shrink costs increased approximately 20 basis points due to unfavorable inventory results in the current year.
•   occupancy costs increased approximately 20 basis points resulting from the de-leveraging from one fewer week of sales in the current year.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 15 basis points resulting primarily from higher distribution center payroll costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $7,887.0 million in 2018 from $5,022.8 million in 2017, an increase of $2,864.2 million or 57.0%. this increase is due primarily to a $2.73 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge recorded in fiscal 2018 related to the family dollar reporting unit, as further discussed in "note 3 - goodwill and nonamortizing intangible assets" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k. excluding the goodwill impairment charge, selling, general and administrative expenses increased $137.2 million or 2.7% from the prior year. fiscal 2017 included an $18.5 million receivable impairment related to our divestiture of certain family dollar stores, as further discussed in "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" within "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k, and a $12.6 million increase to the dollar tree workers' compensation reserves to record these on an undiscounted basis. excluding the goodwill impairment in 2018 and the receivable impairment and workers' compensation reserve increase in 2017, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 22.6% from 22.4%, as a percentage of net sales, due to the loss of leverage from the 53rd week of sales in 2017 and an increase of approximately 20 basis points in payroll costs. store hourly payroll costs were higher as a result of the planned reinvestment of income tax savings, partially offset by decreased incentive compensation costs resulting from lower earnings compared to targets in 2018.
operating income (loss). an operating loss of $939.5 million was incurred in 2018 compared to operating income of $1,999.1 million in 2017. excluding the $2.73 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge in 2018, operating income decreased to $1,787.5 million in 2018 compared with $1,999.1 million in 2017 and operating income margin decreased to 7.8% in 2018 from 9.0% in 2017 due to the reasons noted above.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net was $370.0 million in 2018 compared to $301.8 million in 2017. the increase is due to the prepayment premiums paid during the first quarter of 2018 of $107.8 million and $6.5 million related to our redemption of the 5.75% acquisition notes due 2023 and term loan b-2, respectively. also, in connection with our debt refinancing, we accelerated the expensing of approximately $41.2 million of amortizable non-cash deferred financing costs to the first quarter of 2018. these increases were partially offset by lower interest expense for the remainder of the year subsequent to the refinancing. see "note 6 - long-term debt," within "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k, for additional detail on the refinancing of our long-term debt. a $782.0 million term loan facility was included with the refinancing and it was scheduled to mature on april 19, 2020. we repaid this entire amount in january 2019 and accelerated the expensing of approximately $1.5 million of amortizable non-cash deferred financing costs.
income taxes. our effective tax rate in 2018 was expense of 21.5% compared to a benefit of 0.6% in 2017. the rate in 2018 is the result of the goodwill impairment charge not being tax deductible. the 2018 effective tax rate includes an additional benefit
31
of $16.2 million related to the completion of our analysis of the tax effects of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"). the tax benefit in 2017 is the result of the tcja that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, which lowered the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective as of january 1, 2018. the 2017 effective tax rate included the effect of a $562.0 million benefit resulting from the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the lower statutory federal rate of 21%. the 2017 tax rate was also lower as a result of a reduction to the north carolina statutory tax rate and a reduction in the reserve for uncertain tax positions resulting from statute expirations and the reduction of interest accrued on method changes.
fiscal year ended february 3, 2018 compared to fiscal year ended january 28, 2017
net sales. net sales increased 7.4%, or $1,526.3 million, in 2017 compared to 2016, resulting from sales in new dollar tree and family dollar stores, increased comparable store net sales and the 53rd week in 2017, which accounted for $406.6 million of the increase. comparable store net sales increased 1.9% on a constant currency basis as a result of increases in average ticket and customer count. this increase is based on a 53-week comparison for both periods. comparable store net sales also increased 1.9% when adjusted for the impact of canadian currency fluctuations. on a constant currency basis, comparable store net sales increased 3.4% in the dollar tree segment and increased 0.4% in the family dollar segment. comparable store net sales are positively affected by our expanded and relocated stores, which we include in the calculation, and are negatively affected when we open new stores, re-banner stores or expand stores near existing stores.
gross profit. gross profit increased by $627.2 million or 9.8%, to $7,021.9 million in 2017 compared to $6,394.7 million in 2016. gross profit margin increased to 31.6% in 2017 from 30.8% in 2016. our gross profit margin improvement was primarily the result of the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, decreased approximately 50 basis points primarily resulting from improved mark-on in 2017.
•   markdowns decreased approximately 20 basis points resulting from fewer promotional markdowns in 2017.
•   occupancy costs decreased approximately 10 basis points primarily resulting from the leverage from the sales in the 53rd week.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $5,022.8 million in 2017 from $4,689.9 million in 2016, an increase of $332.9 million or 7.1%. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 22.6% in 2017 and 2016. fiscal 2017 includes an $18.5 million receivable impairment related to our divestiture of certain family dollar stores, as further discussed in "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" within "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k, and a $12.6 million increase to the dollar tree workers' compensation reserves to record these on an undiscounted basis. excluding the receivable impairment and the workers' compensation reserve increase, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 22.4%, as a percentage of net sales, due to the leverage from the 53rd week and the net of the following:
•   depreciation costs decreased approximately 25 basis points as a result of assets becoming fully depreciated on the family dollar segment and leverage from the comparable store net sales increase for the dollar tree segment.
•   store operating costs decreased approximately 15 basis points due to the leverage from the comparable store net sales increase.
•   payroll expenses increased approximately 10 basis points, excluding the $12.6 million increase to the workers' compensation reserve, resulting from higher incentive compensation costs and higher store hourly payroll costs.
•   operating and corporate expenses increased approximately 15 basis points, excluding the receivable impairment, primarily resulting from higher advertising costs.
operating income. operating income for 2017 increased to $1,999.1 million compared with $1,704.8 million in 2016 and operating income margin increased to 9.0% in 2017 from 8.2% in 2016 due to the reasons noted above.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net was $301.8 million in 2017 compared to $375.5 million in 2016. the decrease is due to lower debt outstanding in 2017 as a result of $990.1 million in prepayments in the third and fourth quarters of 2016 as well as the $500.0 million prepayment in the second quarter of 2017. fiscal 2016 also includes the expensing of $26.6 million of amortizable non-cash deferred financing costs and $2.6 million in fees associated with the refinancing of the new senior secured credit facilities. on january 30, 2018, we provided an irrevocable notice to the 2020 notes holders to call the $750.0 million 2020 notes on march 1, 2018. in connection with the early redemption of the 2020 notes, we recorded a make-whole premium of $9.8 million which was payable on the call date of march 1, 2018.
32
income taxes. our effective tax rate in 2017 was a benefit of 0.6% compared to expense of 32.6% in 2016. the decrease is due to the tcja that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, which lowered the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% and made numerous other law changes, effective as of january 1, 2018. our fiscal 2017 includes 34 days in calendar year 2018, therefore our overall 2017 statutory federal corporate tax rate is 33.7%. the effective tax rate also includes a $562.0 million benefit resulting from the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the lower statutory federal rate of 21%. the 2017 tax rate was also lower as a result of a reduction to the north carolina statutory tax rate which resulted in a decrease in the deferred tax liability related to the trade name intangible asset and a $9.9 million decrease in tax expense. the 2017 rate also includes a reduction of approximately $5.6 million in the reserve for uncertain tax positions resulting from statute expirations and the reduction of interest accrued on method changes. the tax rate in fiscal 2016 includes benefits resulting from a one-time election allowing the family dollar acquisition to be treated as an asset purchase for certain state tax purposes and a 1.0% decrease in north carolina's state tax rate which resulted in a reduction in the deferred tax liability related to the trade name intangible asset.
segment information we operate a chain of more than 15,200 retail discount stores in 48 states and five canadian provinces. our operations are conducted in two reporting business segments: dollar tree and family dollar. we define our segments as those operations whose results our chief operating decision maker ("codm") regularly reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources.
we measure the results of our segments using, among other measures, each segment's net sales, gross profit and operating income. we may revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including the allocation of distribution center and store support center costs, as determined by the information regularly reviewed by the codm. if the measurement of a segment changes, prior period amounts and balances are reclassified to be comparable to the current period's presentation.
dollar tree the following table summarizes the operating results of the dollar tree segment:
year ended february 2, 2019                               february 3, 2018                               january 28, 2017
(in millions)      $                       % of net sales         $                       % of net sales         $                       % of net sales net sales          $11,712.1                                      $11,164.4                                      $10,138.7
gross profit       4,137.5            35.3           %            3,998.5            35.8           %            3,584.7            35.4           %
operating income   1,502.5            12.8           %            1,481.9            13.3           %            1,305.3            12.9           %
fiscal year ended february 2, 2019 compared to fiscal year ended february 3, 2018
net sales for the dollar tree segment increased 4.9%, or $547.7 million in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding the 53rd week in 2017, which accounted for approximately $199.2 million of sales, net sales increased 6.8%, or $746.9 million, due to sales from new stores of $388.6 million and a comparable store net sales increase of 3.3% on a constant currency basis resulting from increases in average ticket and customer count of 1.8% and 1.5%, respectively.
gross profit margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 35.3% in 2018 from 35.8% in 2017. the decrease is due to the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 15 basis points primarily due to higher domestic freight costs, partially offset by increased initial mark-on and a greater percentage of sales of higher margin general merchandise.
•   shrink costs increased approximately 15 basis points resulting from unfavorable physical inventory results in the current year.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 10 basis points primarily resulting from higher distribution center payroll costs.
•   occupancy costs increased approximately 10 basis points resulting from the de-leveraging from one fewer week of sales in the current year. excluding the de-leveraging effect, occupancy costs decreased approximately 5 basis points resulting from the leverage from the comparable store net sales increase in 2018.
33
operating income margin for the dollar tree segment decreased to 12.8% in 2018 compared to 13.3% in 2017. the decrease in operating income margin in 2018 was the result of lower gross profit margin as noted above. selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales were 22.5% for both 2018 and 2017. store hourly payroll costs increased approximately 25 basis points as a result of the planned tax reinvestment in 2018 and were offset by decreases in incentive compensation and retirement plan contributions as a result of lower earnings compared to target in 2018.
fiscal year ended february 3, 2018 compared to fiscal year ended january 28, 2017
net sales for dollar tree increased 10.1%, or $1,025.7 million in 2017 compared to 2016 due to sales from new stores, the 53rd week in 2017, which accounted for $199.2 million of the increase, and a comparable store net sales increase of 3.4% on a constant currency basis resulting from increases in customer count and average ticket.
gross profit margin for dollar tree increased to 35.8% in 2017 compared to 35.4% in 2016. the increase is due to the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, decreased approximately 15 basis points due primarily to improved mark-on.
•   occupancy costs decreased approximately 20 basis points resulting primarily from the leverage from the increase in comparable store net sales and the 53rd week sales.
•   shrink expense decreased approximately 15 basis points resulting from improved physical inventory results in the current year.
operating income margin for dollar tree increased to 13.3% in 2017 compared to 12.9% in 2016. the increase in operating income margin in 2017 was the result of higher gross profit margin. selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales were 22.5% for both 2017 and 2016. the fluctuations in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were as follows:
•   payroll costs increased approximately 25 basis points resulting primarily from higher store hourly wages and higher incentive compensation expense.
•   depreciation costs and utility costs decreased 10 basis points each resulting from the leverage from the comparable store net sales increase and sales in the 53rd week.
family dollar the following table summarizes the operating results of the family dollar segment:
year ended february 2, 2019                                february 3, 2018                                january 28, 2017
(in millions)             $                       % of net sales          $                       % of net sales          $                       % of net sales net sales                 $11,111.2                                       $11,081.1                                       $10,580.5
gross profit              2,810.0            25.3           %             3,023.4            27.3           %             2,810.0            26.6           %
operating income (loss)   (2,442.0      )         (22.0     )%        517.2                  4.7            %         399.5                  3.8            %
fiscal year ended february 2, 2019 compared to fiscal year ended february 3, 2018
net sales for the family dollar segment increased $30.1 million or 0.3% in 2018 compared to 2017. excluding the 53rd week in 2017, which accounted for approximately $207.4 million of sales, net sales increased $237.5 million or 2.2%, due to sales from new stores of $230.0 million and a comparable store net sales increase of 0.1%, resulting from an increase in average ticket, partially offset by a decrease in customer count.
gross profit for the family dollar segment decreased $213.4 million or 7.1% in 2018 compared to 2017. the gross profit margin for family dollar decreased to 25.3% in 2018 compared to 27.3% in 2017. the decrease is due to the following:
•   markdown expense increased approximately 60 basis points resulting from expense related to sku rationalization and planned liquidations and higher promotional markdowns and seasonal markdowns.
•   merchandise cost, including freight, increased approximately 50 basis points, primarily due to higher domestic freight costs, partially offset by increased initial mark-on.
34
•   occupancy costs increased approximately 35 basis points resulting from the de-leveraging effect of the sales from the 53rd week in the prior year and the minimal increase in comparable store net sales.
•   shrink costs increased approximately 30 basis points resulting from unfavorable physical inventory results in the current year.
•   distribution costs increased approximately 25 basis points resulting primarily from higher merchandising and distribution payroll-related costs.
the family dollar segment incurred an operating loss in 2018 due to the $2.73 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge. in 2017, operating income was reduced by the $18.5 million receivable impairment related to our divestiture. excluding the goodwill impairment in 2018 and the receivable impairment in 2017, operating income margin for the family dollar segment decreased to 2.6% in 2018 from 4.8% in 2017, due to the gross profit margin decrease noted above and increased selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales. excluding the goodwill and receivable impairments, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 22.7% in 2018, compared to 22.5% in 2017. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was due to the net of the following:
•   payroll expenses increased approximately 40 basis points primarily due to higher store hourly payroll expenses as a result of the planned reinvestment of income tax savings, partially offset by decreased incentive compensation costs resulting from lower earnings compared to target in 2018.
•   depreciation and amortization expense decreased approximately 10 basis points as a result of certain assets that were revalued upon the 2015 acquisition becoming fully depreciated and/or amortized.
fiscal year ended february 3, 2018 compared to fiscal year ended january 28, 2017
net sales for family dollar increased $500.6 million or 4.7% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to sales from new stores, the 53rd week in 2017 which accounted for $207.4 million of the increase and a comparable store net sales increase of 0.4% resulting primarily from increases in average ticket, partially offset by a slight decrease in customer count.
gross profit for family dollar increased $213.4 million or 7.6% in 2017 compared to 2016. the gross profit margin for family dollar increased to 27.3% in 2017 compared to 26.6% in 2016. the increase is due to the net of the following:
•   merchandise cost, including freight, decreased 65 basis points resulting primarily from higher initial mark-on.
•   markdown expense decreased approximately 30 basis points resulting from lower promotional markdowns due to the improved sales performance.
•   shrink expense increased approximately 15 basis points primarily due to unfavorable physical inventory results in 2017.
operating income margin for family dollar increased to 4.7% in 2017 compared to 3.8% in 2016. operating income was reduced by the $18.5 million receivable impairment in 2017. operating income margin excluding the receivable impairment increased to 4.8% for 2017. the increase, excluding the receivable impairment is due to the gross profit margin increase noted above and decreased selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales. selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 22.5% in 2017, excluding the receivable impairment compared to 22.8% in 2016. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, excluding the receivable impairment was due to the leverage from the sales in the 53rd week and the net of the following:
•   depreciation costs decreased approximately 40 basis points as a result of certain assets that were revalued upon the 2015 acquisition becoming fully depreciated and/or amortized.
•   store occupancy costs decreased approximately 25 basis points resulting primarily from lower repairs and maintenance and utility costs as a percentage of net sales.
•   operating and corporate expenses increased approximately 35 basis points resulting from higher advertising and store supply costs.
liquidity and capital resources our business requires capital to build and open new stores, expand our distribution network and operate and expand our existing stores. our working capital requirements for existing stores are seasonal in nature and typically reach their peak in the months of september and october. historically, we have satisfied our seasonal working capital requirements for existing stores
35
and have funded our store opening and distribution network expansion programs from internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities.
the following table compares cash-flow related information for the years ended february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017:
year ended february 2,             february 3,             january 28,
(in millions)                     2019                    2018                    2017
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                     $1,766.0                $1,510.2                $1,673.3
investing activities                       (816.7     )            (627.9     )            (483.6     )
financing activities                     (1,599.9     )            (651.5     )          (1,060.5     )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $255.8 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities in 2017 and increased payable balances.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $163.1 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in inventories and other current assets, partially offset by higher net income, net of depreciation and amortization, the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities and increased payables balances.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased $188.8 million in 2018 compared with 2017 due to increased capital expenditures. the increase in capital expenditures primarily relates to a new dollar tree distribution center that opened in the second quarter of 2018 and the expansion of the dollar tree store support center.
net cash used in investing activities increased $144.3 million in 2017 compared with 2016 due to net restricted investment proceeds in 2016 and increased capital expenditures in 2017.
financing activities in 2018, net cash used in financing activities increased $948.4 million compared to 2017 primarily due to the prepayment of the $782.0 million term loan facility in january 2019 and our debt refinancing in the first quarter of 2018, which resulted in the payment of $155.3 million of debt-issuance and extinguishment costs.
in 2017, net cash used in financing activities decreased $409.0 million compared to 2016 primarily due to lower principal payments compared to the prior year.
at february 2, 2019, our long-term borrowings were $4.3 billion and we had $1.25 billion available under our revolving credit facility, less amounts outstanding for standby letters of credit totaling $182.9 million. for additional detail on our long-term borrowings and other commitments, refer to the discussion of funding requirements below, as well as "note 5 - commitments and contingencies" and "note 6 - long-term debt" within "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k.
share repurchases historically we have used cash to repurchase shares but we did not repurchase any shares in fiscal 2018, 2017 or 2016. at february 2, 2019, we have $1.0 billion remaining under board repurchase authorization.
funding requirements overview, including off-balance sheet arrangements we expect our cash needs for opening new stores and expanding existing stores in fiscal 2019 to total approximately $352.0 million, which includes capital expenditures, initial inventory and pre-opening costs.
our estimated capital expenditures for fiscal 2019 are approximately $1.0 billion, including planned expenditures for our new, expanded and re-bannered stores, more than 1,000 planned h2 renovations of family dollar segment stores, the addition of
36
freezers and coolers to approximately 500 new and existing dollar tree segment stores, the expansion of freezers and coolers in 400 family dollar segment stores, the construction of two new distribution centers and the development of additional parcels on our summit pointe property, located in chesapeake, virginia, for mixed-use purposes. we believe that we can adequately fund our working capital requirements and planned capital expenditures for the foreseeable future from net cash provided by operations and potential borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
the following tables summarize our material contractual obligations at february 2, 2019, including both on- and off-balance sheet arrangements, and our commitments, including interest on long-term borrowings (in millions):
contractual obligations                 total              2019              2020              2021              2022              2023          thereafter lease financing operating lease obligations      $7,307.6          $1,435.9          $1,176.7          $1,100.0            $899.6            $729.1          $1,966.3
long-term borrowings principal                         4,300.0                 -             750.0             300.0                 -           1,000.0           2,250.0
interest                            960.2             171.1             149.8             129.2             129.7             104.2             276.2
total obligations               $12,567.8          $1,607.0          $2,076.5          $1,529.2          $1,029.3          $1,833.3          $4,492.5
commitments                                  total        expiring in 2019        expiring in 2020        expiring in 2021   expiring in 2022        expiring in 2023        thereafter letters of credit and surety bonds      $415.5              $413.1                    $2.2                    $0.2           $-                      $-                      $-
purchase obligations                     176.1                75.4                    32.6                    27.6                    20.6   14.5                    5.4
total commitments                       $591.6              $488.5                   $34.8                   $27.8           $20.6                   $14.5                   $5.4
lease financing operating lease obligations. our operating lease obligations are primarily for payments under noncancelable store leases. the commitment includes amounts for leases that were signed prior to february 2, 2019 for stores that were not yet open on february 2, 2019.
long-term borrowings in the first quarter of 2018, we redeemed our $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% acquisition notes due 2020 and accelerated the amortization of debt-issuance costs associated with the notes of $6.1 million.
additionally, in the first quarter of 2018, we completed the registered offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior floating rate notes due 2020, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.70% senior notes due 2023, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2025 and $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.20% senior notes due 2028. we also entered into a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, providing for $2.03 billion in senior credit facilities, consisting of a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility and a $782.0 million term loan facility. we used the proceeds of these borrowings and cash on hand to repay all of the outstanding loans under our then-existing senior secured credit facilities, including our term loan a-1 and term loan b-2, and redeemed all of our outstanding 5.75% acquisition notes due 2023. in connection with the foregoing transactions, we accelerated the expensing of approximately $41.2 million of amortizable non-cash deferred financing costs, expensed approximately $0.4 million in transaction-related costs and capitalized approximately $36.9 million of deferred financing costs and original issue discount, which are being amortized over the terms of the new borrowings. we also paid prepayment premiums of $6.5 million and $107.8 million related to our redemption of the term loan b-2 and 5.75% acquisition notes due 2023, respectively. in january 2019, we prepaid in full the $782.0 million term loan facility.
in addition, upon the acquisition of family dollar in 2015, we assumed the liability for $300.0 million of 5.00% senior notes due february 1, 2021.
the interest on our long-term borrowings represents the interest payments on the foregoing long-term borrowings that were outstanding at february 2, 2019 using the interest rates for each at february 2, 2019.
for complete terms of our long-term borrowings, please refer to "note 6 - long-term debt" within "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k.
37
commitments letters of credit and surety bonds. we are a party to three letter of credit reimbursement and security agreements providing $125.0 million, $120.0 million and $110.0 million, respectively, for letters of credit. letters of credit are generally issued for the routine purchase of imported merchandise and we had approximately $166.4 million of purchases committed under these letters of credit at february 2, 2019.
we also have approximately $182.9 million of letters of credit outstanding that serve as collateral for our large-deductible insurance programs and $66.2 million of surety bonds outstanding primarily for certain utility payment obligations at some of our stores and self-insured insurance programs.
purchase obligations. we have commitments totaling approximately $176.1 million related to legally binding agreements for software licenses and support, telecommunication services and store technology assets and maintenance for our stores.
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates. certain of our estimates require a high level of judgment and have the potential to have a material effect on the financial statements if actual results vary significantly from those estimates. following is a discussion of the policies that we consider critical.
inventory valuation as discussed in "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" under the caption "merchandise inventories" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k, inventories at the distribution centers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost determined on a weighted-average basis. cost is assigned to store inventories using the retail inventory method on a weighted-average basis. under the retail inventory method, the valuation of inventories at cost and the resulting gross margins are computed by applying a calculated cost-to-retail ratio to the retail value of inventories. the retail inventory method is an averaging method that is widely used in the retail industry and results in valuing inventories at lower of cost or net realizable value when markdowns are taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventories on a timely basis.
inventory valuation methods require certain management estimates and judgments, including estimates of future merchandise markdowns and shrink, which significantly affect the ending inventory valuation at cost as well as the resulting gross margins. the averaging required in applying the retail inventory method and the estimates of shrink and markdowns could, under certain circumstances, result in costs not being recorded in the proper period.
we estimate our markdown reserve based on the consideration of a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, quantities of slow moving or seasonal carryover merchandise on hand, historical markdown statistics and future merchandising plans. the accuracy of our estimates can be affected by many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including changes in economic conditions and consumer buying trends. historically, we have not experienced significant differences in our estimated reserve for markdowns compared with actual results.
our accrual for shrink is based on the actual, historical shrink results of our most recent physical inventories adjusted, if necessary, for current economic conditions and business trends. these estimates are compared to actual results as physical inventory counts are taken and reconciled to the general ledger. our physical inventory counts are generally taken between january and october of each year; therefore, the shrink accrual recorded at february 2, 2019 is based on estimated shrink for most of 2018, including the fourth quarter. we have not experienced significant fluctuations in historical shrink. the amounts recorded in the current year reflect the dollar tree and family dollar segments' historical results. we periodically adjust our shrink estimates to reflect our best estimates based on the factors described.
our management believes that our application of the retail inventory method results in an inventory valuation that reasonably approximates cost and results in carrying inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value each year on a consistent basis.
self-insurance liabilities the liabilities related to our self-insurance programs for workers' compensation and general liability are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. at least annually, we obtain third-party actuarial valuations to aid in valuing the liabilities and in determining the amount to accrue during the year. these actuarial valuations are estimates based on our historical loss development factors and the related accruals are adjusted as management's estimates change.
38
management's estimate for self-insurance liabilities could vary from the ultimate loss sustained given the difficulty in predicting future events; however, historically, the net total of these differences has not had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at their fair values. these assets are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. a more frequent evaluation is performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred. such events or circumstances could include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment and a significant sustained decline in the market price of our stock.
for purposes of our goodwill impairment evaluation, the reporting units are family dollar, dollar tree and dollar tree canada. goodwill has been assigned to the reporting units based on prior business combinations related to the brands. in the event a qualitative assessment of the fair value of a reporting unit indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, we then estimate the fair value using a combination of a market multiple method and a discounted cash flow method. under the market multiple approach, we estimate a fair value based on comparable companies' market multiples of revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and adjusted for a control premium. under the discounted cash flow approach, we project future cash flows which are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital analysis that reflects current market conditions, adjusted for specific reporting unit risks (primarily the uncertainty of achieving projected operating cash flows). if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
the family dollar goodwill and trade name comprise a substantial portion of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and management's judgment utilized in the family dollar goodwill and trade name impairment evaluations is critical. the computations require management to make estimates and assumptions and actual results may differ significantly, particularly if there are significant adverse changes in the operating environment. critical assumptions that are used as part of the family dollar goodwill evaluation include:
•   the potential future revenue, ebitda and cash flows of the reporting unit. the projections use management's assumptions about economic and market conditions over the projected period as well as our estimates of future performance and reporting unit revenue, gross margin, expenses and other factors. the resulting revenue, ebitda and cash flow estimates are based on our most recent business operating plans, and various growth rates have been assumed for years beyond the current business plan period. we believe that the assumptions, estimates and rates used in our fiscal 2018 impairment evaluations are reasonable; however, variations in the assumptions, estimates and rates could result in significantly different estimates of fair value.
•   selection of an appropriate discount rate. calculating the present value of future cash flows requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate, which is based on a weighted-average cost of capital analysis. the discount rate is affected by changes in short-term interest rates and long-term yield as well as variances in the typical capital structure of marketplace participants. given current economic conditions, it is possible that the discount rate will fluctuate in the near term. we engaged third party experts to assist in the determination of the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our family dollar reporting unit. the weighted-average cost of capital used to discount the cash flows for our evaluation was 8.0% for our fiscal 2018 analysis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as the family dollar trade name, are not subject to amortization but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment evaluations are performed by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying values. we estimate the fair value of trade name intangible asset based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method. this approach is dependent upon a number of factors, including estimates of future growth and trends, royalty rates, discount rates and other variables. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain. the discount rate includes a premium compared to the discount used for the family dollar goodwill impairment evaluation due to the inherently higher risk profile of intangible assets compared to the overall reporting unit.
our impairment evaluation of goodwill resulted in a $2.73 billion non-cash impairment charge in fiscal 2018 related to the family dollar reporting unit. no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in fiscal 2017 or 2016. our evaluation of the family dollar trade name did not result in impairment charges during fiscal 2018, 2017 or 2016. the fair value of the family dollar trade name was within 1% of its carrying value.
for additional information on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including the related impairment evaluations, refer to "note 3 - goodwill and nonamortizing intangible assets" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k. for additional information on uncertainties associated with the key assumptions and any
39
potential events and/or circumstances that could have a negative effect on the key assumptions, please refer to "item 1a. risk factors" beginning on page 12 of this form 10-k, and elsewhere within this "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." if our assumptions and related estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges against earnings in future periods. any impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our results of operations and financial condition.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" beginning on page 42 of this form 10-k for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.
40
