item 1a. risk factors various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this report or our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
we rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and insufficient guest or employee facing technology or a failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network, free from material failure, interruption or security breach, could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of respected relationships with our guests or employees.
we rely heavily on information systems across our operations, including for e-commerce, marketing programs, employee engagement, management of our supply chain, the point-of-sale processing system in our restaurants, and various other processes and transactions. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, security and capacity of these systems. in addition, we must effectively respond to changing guest expectations and new technological developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with guest facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our guests. the failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, a material network breach in the security of these systems as a result of a cyber attack, or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to our company, our employees or our guests. this could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or sensitive financial information, or the improper use of personal information or other "identity theft" of either guest or employee information. some of these essential business processes that are dependent on technology are outsourced to third parties. while we make efforts to ensure that our providers are observing proper standards and controls, we cannot guarantee that breaches or failures caused by these outsourced providers will not occur.
any such failures, disruptions or data privacy breaches may cause delays in guest service, reduce efficiency in our operations, require significant capital investments to remediate the problem, result in customer, employee or advertiser dissatisfaction or otherwise result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. we could also be subjected to litigation, regulatory investigations or the imposition of penalties. as privacy and information security laws and regulations change and cyber risks evolve, we may incur additional costs to ensure we remain in compliance and protect guest, employee and company information.
a failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, quality food products.  even with strong preventative interventions and controls, food safety issues could be caused at the source or by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, be out of our control and require prompt action to mitigate impact.  in addition, regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses such as e. coli, hepatitis a, norovirus or salmonella, and other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination, at one of our restaurants could adversely affect the reputation of our brands and have a negative impact on our sales. even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination occurring solely at restaurants of our competitors could result in negative publicity about the food service industry generally and adversely impact our sales. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins.
13
the inability to hire, train, reward and retain restaurant team members or an inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to employee dissatisfaction may impact our ability to achieve our operating, growth and financial objectives.
our future growth depends substantially on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality team members to work in and manage our restaurants. adequate staffing of qualified restaurant team members is a critical factor impacting our guests' experience in our restaurants. maintaining adequate staffing in our existing restaurants and hiring and training staff for our new restaurants requires precise workforce planning. the low level of unemployment in the united states is resulting in aggressive competition for talent, wage inflation and pressure to improve benefits and workplace conditions to remain competitive. a shortage of quality candidates, failure to recruit and retain new team members in a timely manner or higher than expected turnover levels all could affect our ability to open new restaurants, grow sales at existing restaurants or meet our labor cost objectives. an inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to team member dissatisfaction could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization which could jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
a failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders or the loss or shortage of personnel with key capacities and skills could impact our strategic direction and jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
our future growth depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of key executives and other leadership team members. we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management team members in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. a failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support leadership excellence (adequate resources, innovative skill sets and expectations) and build adequate bench strength required for growth or a loss of key skill sets could jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
litigation, including allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, guests, suppliers, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. these actions and proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour violations and employment discrimination; guest discrimination; food safety issues including poor food quality, food-borne illness, food tampering, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods (including obesity); other personal injury; violation of "dram shop" laws (providing an injured party with recourse against an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated party who then causes injury to himself or a third party); trademark infringement; violation of the federal securities laws; or other concerns. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. the cost to defend litigation may be significant. there may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could decrease guest acceptance of our brands, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we ultimately are found liable. litigation could impact our operations in other ways as well. allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, for example, could adversely affect employee acquisition and retention. as a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
unfavorable publicity, or a failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity could harm our reputation and adversely impact our guest counts and sales.
the good reputation of our restaurant brands is a key factor in the success of our business. actual or alleged incidents at any of our restaurants could result in negative publicity that could harm our brands. even incidents occurring at restaurants operated by our competitors or in the supply chain generally could result in negative publicity that could harm the restaurant industry overall and, indirectly, our own brands. negative publicity may result from allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, employee dissatisfaction, guest discrimination, illness, injury, or any of the other matters discussed above that could give rise to litigation. regardless of whether the allegations or complaints are valid, unfavorable publicity relating to a limited number of our restaurants, or to only a single restaurant, could adversely affect public perception of the entire brand. negative publicity also may result from health concerns including food safety and flu outbreaks, publication of government or industry findings concerning food products, environmental disasters, crime incidents, data privacy breaches, scandals involving our employees, or operational problems at our restaurants, all of which could make our brands and menu offerings less appealing to our guests and negatively impact our guest counts and sales. adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions of our brands, or our failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
14
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business.
there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons.  many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted.  information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, each of which may harm our performance, prospects, or business.  the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.  the dissemination of information online could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy.
many of our competitors are expanding their use of social media and new social media platforms are rapidly being developed, potentially making more traditional social media platforms obsolete. as a result, we need to continuously innovate and develop our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal with guests and brand relevance. as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on search engine marketing and social media platforms to attract and retain guests. we also continue to invest in other digital marketing initiatives that allow us to reach our guests across multiple digital channels and build their awareness of, engagement with, and loyalty to our brands. these initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues, increased employee engagement or brand recognition. in addition, a variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, or out-of-date information. the inappropriate use of social media vehicles by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
we are subject to a number of risks relating to public policy changes and federal, state and local regulation of our business, including in the areas of health care reform, environmental matters, minimum wage, unionization, data privacy, menu labeling, immigration requirements and taxes, and an insufficient or ineffective response to government regulation may impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability.
the restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. the development and operation of restaurants depend to a significant extent on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites, which are subject to building, zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. we are subject to licensing and regulation by state and local authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages. we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content and menu labeling. we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions.  these laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety, and immigration, among others.  the myriad of laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level creates unique challenges for a multi-state employer as different standards apply to different locations, sometimes with conflicting requirements.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.
we also are subject to federal and state laws which prohibit discrimination and other laws regulating the design and operation of facilities, such as the ada. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and increase our exposure to litigation and governmental proceedings, and a failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. new or changing laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities may impact our operations at the restaurant level and increase our labor costs.
we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous materials. there also has been increasing focus by united states and overseas governmental authorities on other environmental matters, such as climate change, the reduction of greenhouse gases and water consumption. this increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters. legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials, taxes, transportation and utilities, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment.
we are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud. an increasing number of governments and industry groups worldwide have established data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws or any breach of our systems could harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition.
15
the impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and regulations, or an insufficient or ineffective response to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could negatively impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability, and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.
a majority of our restaurants are operated in leased properties and we are committed to long-term and non-cancelable leases that we may want to cancel, and may be unable to renew the leases that we may want to extend at the end of their terms.
as of may 27, 2018, 1,655 of our 1,746 restaurants operating in the united states and canada operate in leased locations. if we close a restaurant in a leased location, we may remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. additionally, the potential losses associated with our inability to cancel leases may result in our keeping open restaurant locations that are performing significantly below targeted levels. as a result, ongoing lease obligations at closed or underperforming restaurant locations could impair our results of operations. in addition, at the end of the lease term and expiration of all renewal periods, we may be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. as a result, we may be required to close or relocate a restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks, and may have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
we may be subject to increased labor and insurance costs.
our restaurant operations are subject to united states and canadian federal, state and local laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions, overtime and tip credits. as federal, state and local minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. labor shortages, increased employee turnover and health care and other benefit mandates could also increase our labor costs. this in turn could lead us to increase prices which could impact our sales. conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline. in addition, the current premiums that we pay for our insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property, health, and directors' and officers' liability) may increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. the dollar amount of claims that we actually experience under our workers' compensation and general liability insurance, for which we carry high per-claim deductibles, may also increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. further, the decreased availability of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured losses.
our inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity plan following a major natural disaster such as a hurricane or manmade disaster, including terrorism, at our corporate facility could have a materially adverse impact on our business.
many of our corporate systems and processes and corporate support for our restaurant operations are centralized at one florida location. we have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. however, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims.
health concerns arising from food-related pandemics, outbreaks of flu viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.
the united states and other countries have experienced, or may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as norovirus, avian flu or "sars," h1n1 or "swine flu," or other diseases. to the extent that a virus or disease is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, future outbreaks may adversely affect the price and availability of certain food products and cause our guests to eat less of a product, or could reduce public confidence in food handling and/or public assembly. for example, public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry. the inability to serve poultry-based products would restrict our ability to provide a variety of menu items to our guests. if we change a restaurant menu in response to such concerns, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu, and we may not be able to attract a sufficient new guest base to produce the sales needed to make the restaurant profitable. we also may have different or additional competitors for our intended guests as a result of such a change and may not be able to successfully compete against such competitors. if a virus is transmitted by human contact, our employees or guests could become infected, or could choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places, any of which could adversely affect our restaurant guest traffic and our ability to adequately staff our restaurants, receive deliveries on a timely basis or perform functions at the corporate level. we also could be
16
adversely affected if the world health organization and/or the centers for disease control were to restrict travel to affected geographic areas where we source our products, thus possibly impacting the continuity of supply. additionally, jurisdictions in which we have restaurants may impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations. even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business.
we face intense competition, and if we have an insufficient focus on competition and the consumer landscape, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to pricing, service, location, personnel, take-out and delivery options and type and quality of food, and there are many well-established competitors. we compete within each market with national and regional restaurant chains and locally-owned restaurants. we also face growing competition as a result of the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers "convenient meals" in the form of improved entrées and side dishes from the deli section. we compete primarily on the quality, variety and value perception of menu items. the number and location of restaurants, type of brand, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs are also important factors. we anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to all of these factors. if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
our failure to drive both short-term and long-term profitable sales growth through brand relevance, operating excellence, opening new restaurants of existing brands, and acquiring new dining brands could result in poor financial performance.
as part of our business strategy, we intend to drive profitable sales growth by increasing same-restaurant sales at existing restaurants, continuing to expand our current portfolio of restaurant brands, and acquiring additional brands that can be expanded profitably. this strategy involves numerous risks, and we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives.
at existing brands, we may not be able to maintain brand relevance and restaurant operating excellence to achieve sustainable same-restaurant sales growth and warrant new unit growth. existing brand short-term sales growth could be impacted if we are unable to drive near term guest count and sales growth, and long-term sales growth could be impacted if we fail to extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to our guests. a failure to innovate and extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to guests and occasions in order to generate sustainable same-restaurant traffic growth and produce non-traditional sales and earnings growth opportunities, insufficient focus on our competition, or failure to adequately address declines in the casual dining industry, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to support sustained new unit growth or open all of our planned new restaurants, and the new restaurants that we open may not be profitable or as profitable as our existing restaurants. new restaurants typically experience an adjustment period before sales levels and operating margins normalize, and even sales at successful newly-opened restaurants generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation. the opening of new restaurants can also have an adverse effect on guest counts and sales levels at existing restaurants.
the ability to open and profitably operate restaurants is subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of suitable and economically viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations, the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals and liquor licenses) on a timely basis, the need to comply with other regulatory requirements, the availability of necessary contractors and subcontractors, the ability to meet construction schedules and budgets, the ability to manage union activities such as picketing or hand billing which could delay construction, increases in labor and building material costs, the availability of financing at acceptable rates and terms, changes in weather or other acts of god that could result in construction delays and adversely affect the results of one or more restaurants for an indeterminate amount of time, our ability to hire and train qualified management personnel and general economic and business conditions. at each potential location, we compete with other restaurants and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, hourly employees and other resources. if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods.
we also may not be able to identify and successfully acquire and integrate additional brands that are as profitable as our existing restaurants or that provide potential for further growth.
a lack of availability of suitable locations for new restaurants or a decline in the quality of the locations of our current restaurants may adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
the success of our restaurants depends in large part on their locations. as demographic and economic patterns change, current locations may not continue to be attractive or profitable. possible declines in neighborhoods where our restaurants are located or adverse economic conditions in areas surrounding those neighborhoods could result in reduced sales in those locations. in addition, desirable locations for new restaurant openings or for the relocation of existing restaurants may not be available at an
17
acceptable cost when we identify a particular opportunity for a new restaurant or relocation. the occurrence of one or more of these events could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may experience higher-than-anticipated costs associated with the opening of new restaurants or with the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
our sales and expenses can be impacted significantly by the number and timing of the opening of new restaurants and the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants. we incur substantial pre-opening expenses each time we open a new restaurant and other expenses when we close, relocate or remodel existing restaurants. the expenses of opening, closing, relocating or remodeling any of our restaurants may be higher than anticipated. an increase in such expenses could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a failure to identify and execute innovative marketing and guest relationship tactics, ineffective or improper use of other marketing initiatives, and increased advertising and marketing costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
if our competitors increase their spending on advertising and promotions, if our advertising, media or marketing expenses increase, if our advertising and promotions become less effective than those of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytic capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. a failure to sufficiently innovate, develop guest relationship initiatives, or maintain adequate and effective advertising could inhibit our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales.
as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on search engine marketing and social media platforms to attract and retain guests. these initiatives may not be successful, and pose a variety of other risks, as discussed above under the heading: "our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business."
a failure to address cost pressures, including rising costs for commodities, labor, health care and utilities used by our restaurants, and a failure to effectively deliver cost management activities and achieve economies of scale in purchasing could compress our margins and adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
our results of operations depend significantly on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the price and availability of food, ingredients, labor, health care, utilities and other related costs over which we may have little control. operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, cheese, butter and produce. the introduction of or changes to tariffs on imported food products, such as shrimp, could increase our costs and possibly impact the supply of those products. we cannot predict whether we will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our operating results. we attempt to leverage our size to achieve economies of scale in purchasing, but there can be no assurances that we can always do so effectively. we are subject to the general risks of inflation.
increases in minimum wage, health care and other benefit costs may have a material adverse effect on our labor costs. we operate in many states and localities where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. increases in minimum wage may also result in increases in the wage rates paid for non-minimum wage positions our restaurants' operating margins are also affected by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as electricity and natural gas, whether as a result of inflation or otherwise, on which the restaurants depend for their energy supply. in addition, interruptions to the availability of gas, electric, water or other utilities, whether due to aging infrastructure, weather conditions, fire, animal damage, trees, digging accidents or other reasons largely out of our control, may adversely affect our operations. our inability to anticipate and respond effectively to an adverse change in any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may lose sales or incur increased costs if our restaurants experience shortages or interruptions in the delivery of food and other products from our third party vendors and suppliers.
shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our restaurants may be caused by inclement weather; natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts and earthquakes; the inability of our vendors to obtain credit in a tightened credit market or remain solvent given disruptions in the financial markets; or other conditions beyond our control. such shortages or interruptions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of the items we buy and the operations of our restaurants. we may have a limited number of suppliers for certain of our products. supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of products that are critical to our restaurant operations. if we raise prices as a result of increased food costs or shortages, it may negatively impact our sales. if we temporarily close a restaurant or remove popular
18
items from a restaurant's menu, that restaurant may experience a significant reduction in sales during the time affected by the shortage or thereafter as a result of our guests changing their dining habits.
adverse weather conditions and natural disasters could adversely affect our restaurant sales.
adverse weather conditions can impact guest traffic at our restaurants, cause the temporary underutilization of outdoor patio seating and, in more severe cases such as hurricanes, tornadoes or other natural disasters, cause temporary closures, sometimes for prolonged periods, which would negatively impact our restaurant sales. changes in weather could result in construction delays, interruptions to the availability of utilities, and shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies, which could increase our costs. some climatologists predict that the long-term effects of climate change and global warming may result in more severe, volatile weather or extended droughts, which could increase the frequency and duration of weather impacts on our operations.
volatility in the market value of derivatives we may use to hedge exposures to fluctuations in commodity and broader market prices may cause volatility in our gross margins and net earnings.
we use or may use derivatives to hedge price risk for some of our principal ingredient, labor and energy costs, including but not limited to coffee, butter, wheat, soybean oil, pork, beef, diesel fuel, gasoline and natural gas. changes in the values of these derivatives may be recorded in earnings currently, resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. these gains and losses are reported as a component of cost of sales in our consolidated statements of earnings included in our consolidated financial statements.
certain economic and business factors specific to the restaurant industry and other general macroeconomic factors including unemployment, energy prices and interest rates that are largely beyond our control may adversely affect consumer behavior and our results of operations.
our business results depend on a number of industry-specific and general economic factors, many of which are beyond our control. the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is affected by changes in international, national, regional and local economic conditions, seasonal fluctuation of sales volumes, consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits, and the level of consumer acceptance of our restaurant brands. the performance of individual restaurants may also be adversely affected by factors such as demographic trends, severe weather including hurricanes, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants.
general economic conditions may also adversely affect our results of operations. recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased energy prices, rising interest rates, a downgrade of the u.s. government's long-term credit rating, imposition of retaliatory tariffs on important u.s. imports and exports or other industry-wide cost pressures could affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in sales and earnings. job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies and falling home prices could cause guests to make fewer discretionary purchases, and any significant decrease in our guest traffic or average profit per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance. in addition, if gasoline, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs increase, and credit card, home mortgage and other borrowing costs increase with rising interest rates, our guests may have lower disposable income and reduce the frequency with which they dine out, may spend less on each dining out occasion or may choose more inexpensive restaurants.
furthermore, we cannot predict the effects that actual or threatened armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, heightened security requirements, or a failure to protect information systems for critical infrastructure, such as the electrical grid and telecommunications systems, could have on our operations, the economy or consumer confidence generally. any of these events could affect consumer spending patterns or result in increased costs for us due to security measures.
unfavorable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our guests could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our restaurants or impose practical limits on pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in the financial and credit markets may adversely impact consumer spending patterns, affect the availability and cost of credit and increase pension plan expenses.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. turmoil in global credit markets could adversely impact the availability of credit already arranged, and the availability and cost of credit in the future. there can be no assurances that we will be able to arrange credit on terms we believe are acceptable or that permit us to finance our business with
19
historical margins. a lack of credit could have an adverse impact on certain of our suppliers, landlords and other tenants in retail centers in which we are located. if these issues occur, they could negatively affect our financial results. any new disruptions in the financial markets may also adversely affect the u.s. and world economy, which could negatively impact consumer spending patterns. changes in the capital markets could also have significant effects on our pension plan. our pension income or expense is affected by factors including the market performance of the assets in the master pension trust maintained for the pension plan for some of our employees, the weighted average asset allocation and long-term rate of return of our pension plan assets and the discount rate used to determine the interest cost component of our net periodic pension cost. if our pension plan assets do not achieve positive rates of return, or if our estimates and assumed rates are not accurate, our earnings may decrease because net periodic pension costs would rise and we could be required to provide additional funds to cover our obligations to employees under the pension plan.
we face a variety of risks associated with doing business with franchisees and licensees.
certain of our domestic and all of our international locations other than in canada are operated by franchisees or licensees. we believe that we have selected high-caliber operating partners and franchisees with significant experience in restaurant operations, and are providing them with training and support. however, the probability of opening, ultimate success and quality of any franchise or licensed restaurant rests principally with the franchisee or licensee. if the franchisee or licensee does not successfully open and operate its restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards, or guests have negative experiences due to issues with food quality or operational execution, our brand values could suffer, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we face a variety of risks associated with doing business with business partners and vendors in foreign markets.
we are making efforts to expand our brands overseas through licensing and franchising relationships. there is no assurance that international operations will be profitable or that international growth will continue. our international operations are subject to all of the same risks associated with our domestic operations, as well as a number of additional risks. these include, among other things, international economic and political conditions, foreign currency fluctuations, and differing cultures and consumer preferences. in addition, expansion into international markets could create risks to our brands and reputation.
we also are subject to governmental regulations throughout the world that impact the way we do business with our international franchisees and vendors. these include antitrust and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, import/export/customs regulations and other international trade regulations, the usa patriot act, the foreign corrupt practices act, and applicable local law. failure to comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.
we regard our olive garden®, longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, yard house®, the capital grille®, the capital burger ®, bahama breeze®, seasons 52®, eddie v's prime seafood®, darden® and darden restaurants® service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. we rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect our restaurants and services from infringement. we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the united states and foreign jurisdictions. however, we are aware of names and marks identical or similar to our service marks being used from time to time by other persons. although our policy is to oppose any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. in addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we have or intend to open or franchise a restaurant. although we believe we have taken appropriate measures to protect our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources.
impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of acquired companies and the related fair values of net assets acquired. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment of goodwill exists. factors may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and slower growth rates. any adverse change in these factors would have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. we compute the amount of impairment by comparing the implied fair
20
value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge if the testing performed indicates that goodwill has been impaired.
we evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily the longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, the capital grille®, yard house® and eddie v's prime seafood® trademarks, to determine if they are definite or indefinite-lived. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
as with goodwill, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks) for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
failure of our internal controls over financial reporting and future changes in accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected operating results, affect our reported results of operations or otherwise harm our business and financial results.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements or fraud. our growth and acquisition of other restaurant companies with procedures not identical to our own could place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. a significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our common stock, increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
a change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions before the change is effective. new pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing accounting rules or the questioning of current accounting practices may adversely affect our reported financial results. additionally, our assumptions, estimates and judgments related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to, revenue recognition, fair value of investments, impairment of long-lived assets, leases and related economic transactions, derivatives, pension and post-retirement benefits, intangibles, self-insurance, income taxes, property and equipment, unclaimed property laws and litigation, and stock-based compensation are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by us. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by us could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion and analysis below for darden restaurants, inc. (darden, the company, we, us or our) should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related financial statement notes included in part ii of this report under the caption "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data." we operate on a 52/53-week fiscal year, which ends on the last sunday in may. fiscal 2018, which ended may 27, 2018, consisted of 52 weeks. fiscal 2017, which ended may 28, 2017, consisted of 52 weeks and fiscal 2016, which ended may 29, 2016, consisted of 52 weeks.
overview of operations our business operates in the full-service dining segment of the restaurant industry. at may 27, 2018, we operated 1,746 restaurants through subsidiaries in the united states and canada under the olive garden®, longhorn steakhouse®, cheddar's scratch kitchen®, yard house®, the capital grille®, bahama breeze®, seasons 52® and eddie v's prime seafood® trademarks. we own and operate all of our restaurants in the united states and canada, except for 3 joint venture restaurants managed by us and 36 franchised restaurants. we also have 35 franchised restaurants in operation located in latin america, the middle east and malaysia. all intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
on april 24, 2017, we completed the acquisition of cheddar's scratch kitchen for $799.8 million in total consideration. the acquired operations of cheddar's scratch kitchen included 140 company-owned restaurants and 25 franchised restaurants. on august 28, 2017, we completed the acquisition of 11 cheddar's scratch kitchen franchised restaurants from an existing franchisee. the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of cheddar's scratch kitchen are included in our consolidated financial statements as of the date of acquisition. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for further details.
we believe that capable operators of strong, multi-unit brands have the opportunity to increase their share of the restaurant industry's full-service segment. generally, the restaurant industry is considered to be comprised of three segments: quick service, fast casual, and full service. all of our restaurants fall within the full-service segment, which is highly fragmented and includes many independent operators and small chains.  we believe we have strong brands and that the breadth and depth of our experience and expertise sets us apart in the full-service segment of the restaurant industry. this collective capability is the product of investments over many years in areas that are critical to success in our business, including restaurant operations excellence, brand management excellence, supply chain, talent management and information technology, among other things.
with a focus on growing same-restaurant sales, we've implemented a "back-to-basics" approach rooted in strong operating fundamentals.  we're focused on improving culinary innovation and execution inside each of our brands, delivering attentive service to each and every one of our guests, and creating an inviting and engaging atmosphere inside our restaurants.  we support these priorities with smart and relevant integrated marketing programs that resonate with our guests.  by delivering on these operational and brand-building imperatives, we expect to increase our market share through new restaurant and same-restaurant sales growth and deliver best-in-class profitability.
the darden support structure enables our brands to achieve their ultimate potential through: (1) driving advantages in supply chain and general and administrative support; (2) applying insights collected from our significant guest and transactional databases to enhance guest relationships and identify new opportunities to drive sales growth; (3) relentlessly driving operating efficiencies and continuous improvement, operating with a sense of urgency and inspiring a performance-driven culture; and (4) our commitment to rigorous strategic planning.
we seek to increase profits by leveraging our fixed and semi-fixed costs with sales from new restaurants and increased guest traffic and sales at existing restaurants. to evaluate our operations and assess our financial performance, we monitor a number of operating measures, with a special focus on two key factors:
•   same-restaurant sales - which is a year-over-year 52-week comparison of each period's sales volumes for restaurants open at least 16 months, including recently acquired restaurants, regardless of when the restaurants were acquired; and
•   segment profit - which is restaurant sales, less food and beverage costs, restaurant labor costs, restaurant expenses and marketing expenses (sometimes referred to as restaurant-level earnings).
increasing same-restaurant sales can improve segment profit because these incremental sales provide better leverage of our fixed and semi-fixed restaurant-level costs. a restaurant brand can generate same-restaurant sales increases through increases in guest traffic, increases in the average guest check, or a combination of the two. the average guest check can be impacted by menu price changes and by the mix of menu items sold. for each restaurant brand, we gather daily sales data and regularly analyze the guest traffic counts and the mix of menu items sold to aid in developing menu pricing, product offerings and promotional strategies. we focus on balancing our pricing and product offerings with other initiatives to produce sustainable same-restaurant
27
sales growth. we compute same-restaurant sales using restaurants open at least 16 months because this period is generally required for new restaurant sales levels to normalize. sales at newly opened restaurants generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation due to operating inefficiencies. our sales and expenses can be impacted significantly by the number and timing of new restaurant openings and closings, and relocations and remodeling of existing restaurants. pre-opening expenses each period reflect the costs associated with opening new restaurants in current and future periods.
fiscal 2018 financial highlights our sales from continuing operations were $8.08 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to $7.17 billion in fiscal 2017. the 12.7 percent increase in sales from continuing operations was primarily driven by revenue from the 151 acquired cheddar's scratch kitchen restaurants, a combined darden same-restaurant sales increase of 2.3 percent, excluding cheddar's scratch kitchen, and the addition of 40 net new company-owned restaurants.
net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 were $603.8 million ($4.79 per diluted share) compared with net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 of $482.5 million ($3.83 per diluted share). net earnings and diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 increased 25.1 percent compared with fiscal 2017.
our net loss from discontinued operations was $7.8 million ($0.06 per diluted share) for fiscal 2018, compared with a net loss from discontinued operations of $3.4 million ($0.03 per diluted share) for fiscal 2017. when combined with results from continuing operations, our diluted net earnings per share were $4.73 and $3.80 for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively.
outlook we expect fiscal 2019 sales from continuing operations to increase between 4.0 percent and 5.0 percent driven by combined darden same-restaurant sales growth of 1.0 percent to 2.0 percent and approximately 45 to 50 new restaurants. in fiscal 2019, we expect our annual effective tax rate to be between 11.0 percent and 12.0 percent and we expect capital expenditures incurred to build new restaurants, remodel and maintain existing restaurants and technology initiatives to be between $425.0 million and $475.0 million.
in june 2018, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.75 per share, payable on august 1, 2018. based on the $0.75 quarterly dividend declaration, our expected annual dividend is $3.00 per share, which reflects an increase of 19.0 percent compared to our fiscal 2018 annual dividend. dividends are subject to the approval of our board of directors and, accordingly, the timing and amount of our dividends are subject to change.
there are significant risks and challenges that could impact our operations and ability to increase sales and earnings. the restaurant industry is intensely competitive and sensitive to economic cycles and other business factors, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits. other risks and uncertainties are discussed in part i, item 1a of this report.
28
results of operations for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016
to facilitate review of our results of operations, the following table sets forth our financial results for the periods indicated. all information is derived from the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended may 27, 2018, may 28, 2017 and may 29, 2016:
percent change
(in millions)                                                          may 27, 2018                        may 28, 2017                        may 29, 2016               2018 vs 2017           2017 vs 2016
sales                                                             $8,080.1                            $7,170.2                            $6,933.5                       12.7        %           3.4        %
costs and expenses:
food and beverage                                                  2,303.1                             2,070.3                             2,039.7                       11.2        %           1.5        %
restaurant labor                                                   2,614.5                             2,265.3                             2,189.2                       15.4        %           3.5        %
restaurant expenses                                                1,417.1                             1,265.2                             1,163.5                       12.0        %           8.7        %
marketing expenses                                                   252.3                               239.7                               238.0                        5.3        %           0.7        %
general and administrative expenses                                  409.8                               387.7                               384.9                        5.7        %           0.7        %
depreciation and amortization                                        313.1                               272.9                               290.2                       14.7        %          (6.0       )%
impairments and disposal of assets, net                                3.4                                (8.4        )                        5.8                         nm                     nm total operating costs and expenses                                $7,313.3                            $6,492.7                            $6,311.3                       12.6        %           2.9        %
operating income                                                     766.8                               677.5                               622.2                       13.2        %           8.9        %
interest, net                                                        161.1                                40.2                               172.5                         nm                  (76.7       )%
earnings before income taxes                                         605.7                               637.3                               449.7                       (5.0       )%          41.7        %
income tax expense (1)                                                 1.9                               154.8                                90.0                      (98.8       )%          72.0        %
earnings from continuing operations                                 $603.8                              $482.5                              $359.7                       25.1        %          34.1        %
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax              (7.8        )                       (3.4        )                       15.3                         nm                     nm net earnings                                                        $596.0                              $479.1                              $375.0                       24.4        %          27.8        %
(1) effective tax rate                                                 0.3        %                       24.3        %                       20.0        %
nm- not meaningful. percentage increases and decreases over 100 percent were not considered meaningful.
the following table details the number of company-owned restaurants currently reported in continuing operations, compared with the number open at the end of fiscal 2017 and the end of fiscal 2016:
may 27, 2018          may 28, 2017          may 29, 2016
olive garden (1)                       856                   846                   843
longhorn steakhouse                    504                   490                   481
cheddar's scratch kitchen (2)          156                   140                     -
yard house                              72                    67                    65
the capital grille (3)                  58                    56                    54
bahama breeze                           39                    37                    37
seasons 52                              42                    41                    40
eddie v's                               19                    18                    16
total                                1,746                 1,695                 1,536
(1)   includes six locations in canada for all periods presented.
(2)   includes the 140 restaurants acquired on april 24, 2017 and the 11 restaurants acquired on august 28, 2017.
(3)   includes one the capital burger restaurant in fiscal 2018.
29
sales the following table presents our company-owned restaurant sales and u.s. same-restaurant sales (srs) by brand for the periods indicated:
total sales                                percent change                                     srs (1)
fiscal years           2018 vs 2017           2017 vs 2016          2018 vs 2017          2017 vs 2016
(in millions)                              2018   2017                  2016
olive garden                       $4,082.5              $3,938.6              $3,838.6               3.7        %           2.6        %          2.4        %          2.6        %
longhorn steakhouse                $1,703.2              $1,622.2              $1,587.7               5.0        %           2.2        %          2.7        %          1.2        %
cheddar's scratch kitchen (2)        $652.7                 $63.0                    $-                nm                     nm                  (2.0       )%           na yard house                           $571.8                $530.7                $507.0               7.7        %           4.7        %          1.1        %         (0.2       )%
the capital grille                   $440.7                $421.3                $408.3               4.6        %           3.2        %          2.8        %          0.4        %
bahama breeze                        $236.8                $217.8                $217.9               8.7        %             -        %          1.1        %          2.2        %
seasons 52                           $249.6                $245.0                $253.8               1.9        %          (3.5       )%         (0.6       )%            -        %
eddie v's                            $133.7                $114.3                $105.8              17.0        %           8.0        %          4.1        %          1.5        %
(1)   same-restaurant sales is a year-over-year comparison of each period's sales volumes for a 52-week year and is limited to restaurants open at least 16 months.
(2)   fiscal 2017 cheddar's scratch kitchen sales from company-owned restaurants are reflected for the period april 24, 2017 through may 28, 2017.
the following table presents our average annual sales per restaurant by brand for the periods indicated. average annual sales are calculated as net sales divided by total restaurant operating weeks multiplied by 52 weeks.
average annual sales per restaurant
(in millions)                      may 27, 2018                  may 28, 2017                  may 29, 2016
olive garden                               $4.8                          $4.7                          $4.5
longhorn steakhouse                        $3.4                          $3.3                          $3.3
cheddar's scratch kitchen (1)              $4.3                            na                            na yard house                                 $8.3                          $8.1                          $8.2
the capital grille                         $7.7                          $7.6                          $7.6
bahama breeze                              $6.2                          $6.0                          $5.9
seasons 52                                 $6.1                          $6.1                          $6.0
eddie v's                                  $7.1                          $6.8                          $6.6
(1)   fiscal 2017 excludes cheddar's scratch kitchen due to the proximity of the acquisition to our fiscal year end.
olive garden's sales increase for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by a u.s. same-restaurant sales increase combined with revenue from new restaurants. the increase in u.s. same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2018 resulted from a 2.2 percent increase in average check combined with a 0.2 percent increase in same-restaurant guest counts. olive garden's sales increase for fiscal 2017 was driven by a u.s. same-restaurant sales increase. the increase in u.s. same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2017 resulted from a 2.4 percent increase in average check combined with a 0.2 percent increase in same-restaurant guest counts.
longhorn steakhouse's sales increase for fiscal 2018 was driven by a same-restaurant sales increase combined with revenue from new restaurants. the increase in same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2018 resulted from a 2.4 percent increase in average check combined with a 0.3 percent increase in same-restaurant guest counts. longhorn steakhouse's sales increase for fiscal 2017 was driven by a same-restaurant sales increase combined with revenue from new restaurants. the increase in same-restaurant sales in fiscal 2017 resulted from a 1.6 percent increase in average check partially offset by a 0.4 percent decrease in same-restaurant guest counts.
in total, cheddar's scratch kitchen, yard house, the capital grille, bahama breeze, seasons 52 and eddie v's generated sales in fiscal 2018 and 2017 that were 43.5 percent and 6.7 percent above fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively. the sales increase for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by the cheddar's scratch kitchen acquisition and the incremental sales from new yard house, bahama breeze and eddie v's restaurants. sales growth also reflected same-restaurant sales increases at yard house, the capital grille, bahama breeze and eddie v's in fiscal 2018, partially offset by a same-restaurant sales decrease at
30
seasons 52. the sales increase for fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by the cheddar's scratch kitchen acquisition and the incremental sales from new yard house restaurants. sales growth also reflected same-restaurant sales increases at the capital grille, bahama breeze and eddie v's in fiscal 2017, partially offset by a same-restaurant sales decrease at yard house.
costs and expenses the following table sets forth selected operating data as a percent of sales from continuing operations for the periods indicated. this information is derived from the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended may 27, 2018, may 28, 2017 and may 29, 2016.
fiscal years
2018                                                                              2017          2016
sales                                                        100.0   %       100.0   %     100.0   %
costs and expenses:
food and beverage                                             28.5            28.9          29.4
restaurant labor                                              32.4            31.6          31.6
restaurant expenses                                           17.5            17.6          16.8
marketing expenses                                             3.1             3.3           3.4
general and administrative expenses                            5.1             5.4           5.5
depreciation and amortization                                  3.9             3.8           4.2
impairments and disposal of assets, net                          -            (0.1   )       0.1
total operating costs and expenses                            90.5   %        90.6   %      91.0   %
operating income                                               9.5             9.4           9.0
interest, net                                                  2.0             0.6           2.5
earnings before income taxes                                   7.5             8.9           6.5
income tax expense                                               -             2.2           1.3
earnings from continuing operations                            7.5             6.7           5.2
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes    (0.1   )           -           0.2
net earnings                                                   7.4   %         6.7   %       5.4   %
total operating costs and expenses from continuing operations were $7.31 billion in fiscal 2018, $6.49 billion in fiscal 2017 and $6.31 billion in fiscal 2016. as a percent of sales, total costs and expenses from continuing operations were 90.5 percent in fiscal 2018, 90.6 percent in fiscal 2017 and 91.0 percent in fiscal 2016.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017:
•   food and beverage costs decreased as a percent of sales due to a 0.4% impact from pricing and a 0.4% impact related to cost savings initiatives, partially offset by a 0.3% impact from unfavorable menu mix and inflation.
•   restaurant labor costs increased as a percent of sales primarily due to a 0.9% impact from wage-rate inflation, a 0.4% impact from cheddar's scratch kitchen's higher labor costs relative to darden legacy brands and a 0.2% impact related to workforce investment costs, partially offset by a 0.8% impact from sales leverage.
•   marketing expenses decreased as a percent of sales, primarily due to sales leverage.
•   general and administrative expenses decreased as a percent of sales primarily due to a 0.2% impact from sales leverage and a 0.3% impact from a pension settlement charge incurred in fiscal 2017, partially offset by a 0.1% impact from expenses related to the integration of cheddar's scratch kitchen.
fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016:
•   food and beverage costs decreased as a percent of sales due to a 0.5% impact from pricing, a 0.3% impact related to cost savings initiatives and a 0.3% impact from food cost deflation, partially offset by a 0.5% impact from unfavorable menu mix.
•   restaurant labor costs were flat as a percent of sales as a 0.9% impact from wage-rate inflation was offset by a 0.9% impact from sales leverage and improved productivity.
•   restaurant expenses (which include rent, utilities, repairs and maintenance, credit card, property tax, workers' compensation, new restaurant pre-opening and other restaurant-level operating expenses) increased as a percent of sales,
31
primarily due to a 0.8% impact from rent expense resulting from leasebacks of properties included in the spin-off of four corners property trust (four corners) and individual sale-leasebacks (collectively, real estate transactions), partially offset by a 0.4% impact from sales leverage.
•   general and administrative expenses decreased as a percent of sales, primarily due to a 0.7% impact from expenses incurred in fiscal 2016 related to the real estate plan implementation partially offset by a 0.3% impact from a pension settlement charge incurred in fiscal 2017 and a 0.2% impact from expenses incurred in fiscal 2017 related to the acquisition and integration of cheddar's scratch kitchen.
•   depreciation and amortization expense decreased as a percent of sales primarily from the impact of the real estate transactions.
interest expense net interest expense increased as a percent of sales in fiscal 2018 primarily due to debt retirement costs of $102.2 million associated with the retirement of $310.9 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt. net interest expense decreased as a percent of sales in fiscal 2017 primarily due to debt retirement costs of $106.8 million recorded in fiscal 2016 and lower average debt balances in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 due to the repayment of debt with proceeds from the real estate transactions and additional cash on hand.
income taxes the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act) was enacted on december 22, 2017, and includes, among other items, a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35.0 percent to 21.0 percent effective january 1, 2018. our federal corporate income tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 29.4 percent and represents a blended income tax rate for the current fiscal year. for fiscal 2019, our federal corporate income tax rate will be 21.0 percent. additionally, for the fiscal year ended may 27, 2018, in accordance with financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 740, we remeasured our deferred tax balances to reflect the reduced rate that will apply when these deferred taxes are settled or realized in future periods. the remeasurement resulted in a $79.3 million one-time adjustment of our net deferred tax liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of may 27, 2018 and a corresponding income tax benefit reflected in our consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal year ended may 27, 2018. the securities and exchange commission (sec) staff issued staff accounting bulletin 118 which allows companies to record provisional amounts during a measurement period that is similar to the measurement period used when accounting for business combinations. while we are able to make a reasonable estimate of the impacts of the tax act, adjustments may occur and may be affected by other factors, including, but not limited to, further refinement of our calculations, changes in interpretations and assumptions and regulatory changes from the internal revenue service (irs), the sec, the financial accounting standards board and various tax jurisdictions.
the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 for continuing operations were 0.3 percent, 24.3 percent and 20.0 percent, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to the tax act and lower earnings before income taxes for fiscal 2018 driven primarily by debt retirement costs. the increase in our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to higher earnings before income taxes.
net earnings and net earnings per share from continuing operations net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 were $603.8 million ($4.79 per diluted share) compared with net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 of $482.5 million ($3.83 per diluted share) and net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2016 of $359.7 million ($2.78 per diluted share).
net earnings and diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 increased 25.1 percent compared with fiscal 2017. our diluted per share results from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 were positively impacted by the tax act, by approximately $0.30 due to the lower federal corporate tax rate enacted during the third quarter of fiscal 2018, partially offset by approximately $0.10 related to workforce investments. our diluted per share results from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 were also positively impacted by the tax act, by approximately $0.62 due to a net benefit from deferred tax revaluation. our diluted per share results from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 were adversely impacted by approximately $0.54 related to debt retirement costs and approximately $0.10 related to costs associated with the integration of cheddar's scratch kitchen.
net earnings from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 increased 34.1 percent and diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations increased 37.8 percent compared with fiscal 2016. our diluted per share results from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 were adversely impacted by approximately $0.10 due to a non-cash pension settlement charge and approximately $0.09 related to the acquisition and integration of cheddar's scratch kitchen.
32
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations on an after-tax basis, results from discontinued operations for fiscal 2018 were a net loss of $7.8 million ($0.06 per diluted share) compared with a net loss for fiscal 2017 of $3.4 million ($0.03 per diluted share) and earnings from discontinued operations for fiscal 2016 of $15.3 million ($0.12 per diluted share). earnings from discontinued operations in fiscal 2016 reflect pre-tax gains of $17.9 million related to the sale of red lobster.
segment results we manage our restaurant brands, olive garden, longhorn steakhouse, cheddar's scratch kitchen, the capital grille, yard house, bahama breeze, seasons 52 and eddie v's in the u.s. and canada as operating segments. we aggregate our operating segments into reportable segments based on a combination of the size, economic characteristics and sub-segment of full-service dining within which each brand operates. our four reportable segments are: (1) olive garden, (2) longhorn steakhouse, (3) fine dining and (4) other business. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for further details.
our management uses segment profit as the measure for assessing performance of our segments. the following table presents segment profit margin for the periods indicated:
fiscal years                                       change segment               2018         2017         2016                2018 vs 2017        2017 vs 2016
olive garden               20.1%        19.3%        19.8%           80            bp   (50      )        bp longhorn steakhouse        17.7%        17.3%        17.3%           40            bp   -                 bp fine dining                20.4%        19.6%        19.5%           80            bp   10                bp other business             14.8%        16.9%        16.9%         (210   )        bp   -                 bp the increase in the olive garden segment profit margin for fiscal 2018 was driven primarily by leveraging positive same-restaurant sales. the decrease in olive garden's segment profit margin for fiscal 2017 was driven primarily by additional rent expense resulting from the real estate transactions. the increase in the longhorn segment profit margin for fiscal 2018 was driven primarily by leveraging positive same-restaurant sales. longhorn's segment profit margins for fiscal 2017 were flat as additional rent expense resulting from the real estate transactions was offset by food cost deflation. the increase in the fine dining segment profit margin for fiscal 2018 was driven primarily by leveraging positive same-restaurant sales. the increase in fine dining's segment profit margins for fiscal 2017 was driven primarily by food cost deflation, primarily beef, partially offset by higher restaurant expenses. the decrease in other business' segment profit margin for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by the impact of cheddar's scratch kitchen's margin mix and the shift of consumer-packaged goods revenue from the other business segment to primarily the olive garden segment. the other business segment profit margins for fiscal 2017 were flat as food cost deflation was offset by higher labor costs.
seasonality our sales volumes fluctuate seasonally. typically, our average sales per restaurant are highest in the winter and spring, followed by the summer, and lowest in the fall. holidays, changes in the economy, severe weather and similar conditions may impact sales volumes seasonally in some operating regions. because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.
impact of inflation we attempt to minimize the annual effects of inflation through appropriate planning, operating practices and menu price increases. we do not believe inflation had a significant overall effect on our annual results of operations during fiscal 2018, 2017 or 2016.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates.
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report). judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially
33
different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. we consider the following estimates to be most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
leases we evaluate our leases at their inception to estimate their expected term, which commences on the date when we have the right to control the use of the leased property and includes the non-cancelable base term plus all option periods we are reasonably assured to exercise. our judgment in determining the appropriate expected term for each lease affects our evaluation of:
•   the classification and accounting for leases as capital versus operating;
•   the rent holidays and escalation in payments that are included in the calculation of straight-line rent; and
•   the term over which leasehold improvements for each restaurant facility are amortized.
these judgments may produce materially different amounts of depreciation, amortization and rent expense than would be reported if different expected lease terms were used.
valuation of long-lived assets land, buildings and equipment and certain other assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the judgments we make related to the expected useful lives of long-lived assets, definitions of lease terms and our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amounts of these assets are affected by factors such as the ongoing maintenance and improvements of the assets, changes in economic conditions, changes in usage or operating performance, desirability of the restaurant sites and other factors, such as our ability to sell our assets held for sale. as we assess the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of our long-lived assets, significant adverse changes in these factors could cause us to realize an impairment loss. based on a review of operating results for each of our restaurants, the amount of net book value associated with lower performing restaurants that would be deemed at risk for impairment is not material to our consolidated financial statements.
valuation and recoverability of goodwill and trademarks goodwill and trademarks are not subject to amortization and have been assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. the reporting units are our restaurant brands.  at may 27, 2018, we had the following amounts recorded as goodwill and trademarks at our brands:
(in millions)                       goodwill            trademarks olive garden                      $30.2                 $0.7
longhorn steakhouse                49.3                307.8
cheddar's scratch kitchen         311.4                375.0
yard house                        369.2                109.3
the capital grille                401.6                147.0
seasons 52                            -                  0.5
eddie v's                          22.0                 10.5
total                          $1,183.7               $950.8
a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. such indicators may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and slower growth rates. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we performed our annual impairment test of our goodwill and trademarks as of the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter using a qualitative assessment. in considering the qualitative approach, we evaluated factors including, but not limited to, macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, commodity cost fluctuations, competitive environment, share price
34
performance, results of prior impairment tests, operational stability and the overall financial performance of the reporting units. based on the results of our qualitative assessment, no impairment of goodwill or trademarks was indicated. changes in circumstances existing at the measurement date or at other times in the future, or in the numerous estimates associated with management's judgments and assumptions made in assessing the fair value of our goodwill and trademarks, could result in an impairment loss of a portion or all of our goodwill or trademarks.  as we finalized the purchase price allocation for cheddar's scratch kitchen during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2018, we excluded the goodwill and trademark related to cheddar's scratch kitchen from our qualitative assessment.
if our annual test resulted in an impairment of our goodwill or trademarks, our financial position and results of operations would be adversely affected and our leverage ratio for purposes of our credit agreement would increase. a leverage ratio exceeding the maximum permitted under our credit agreement would be a default under our credit agreement. at may 27, 2018, a write-down of goodwill, other indefinite-lived intangible assets, or any other assets in excess of approximately $1.12 billion would have been required to cause our leverage ratio to exceed the permitted maximum. as our leverage ratio is determined on a quarterly basis, and due to the seasonal nature of our business, a lesser amount of impairment in future quarters could cause our leverage ratio to exceed the permitted maximum.
unearned revenues unearned revenues represent our liability for gift cards that have been sold but not yet redeemed. the estimated value of gift cards expected to remain unused is recognized over the expected period of redemption as the remaining gift card values are redeemed, generally over a period of 12 years. utilizing this method, we estimate both the amount of breakage and the time period of redemption. if actual redemption patterns vary from our estimates, actual gift card breakage income may differ from the amounts recorded. we update our estimates of our redemption period and our breakage rate periodically and apply that rate to gift card redemptions. changing our breakage-rate assumption on unredeemed gift cards by 25 basis points would result in an adjustment in our unearned revenues of approximately $23.0 million.
income taxes we estimate certain components of our provision for income taxes. these estimates include, among other items, depreciation and amortization expense allowable for tax purposes, allowable tax credits for items such as taxes paid on reported employee tip income, effective rates for state and local income taxes and the tax deductibility of certain other items. we adjust our annual effective income tax rate as additional information on outcomes or events becomes available.
assessment of uncertain tax positions requires judgments relating to the amounts, timing and likelihood of resolution. as described in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report), the $17.4 million balance of unrecognized state tax benefits at may 27, 2018, includes $2.0 million related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts could change during the next 12 months based on the outcome of examinations. the $2.0 million relates to items that would impact our effective income tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows generated from operating activities are our principal source of liquidity, which we use to finance capital expenditures for new restaurants and to remodel and maintain existing restaurants, to pay dividends to our shareholders and to repurchase shares of our common stock. since substantially all of our sales are for cash and cash equivalents, and accounts payable are generally due in 5 to 45 days, we are able to carry current liabilities in excess of current assets. in addition to cash flows from operations, we use a combination of long-term and short-term borrowings to fund our capital needs.
we currently manage our business and financial ratios to target an investment-grade bond rating, which has historically allowed flexible access to financing at reasonable costs. our publicly issued long-term debt currently carries the following ratings:
•   moody's investors service "baa2";
•   standard &amp; poor's "bbb"; and
•   fitch "bbb".
our commercial paper has ratings of:
•   moody's investors service "p-2";
•   standard &amp; poor's "a-2"; and
•   fitch "f-2".
35
these ratings are as of the date of the filing of this report and have been obtained with the understanding that moody's investors service, standard & poor's and fitch will continue to monitor our credit and make future adjustments to these ratings to the extent warranted. the ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities, may be changed, superseded or withdrawn at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
on october 27, 2017, we entered into a new $750.0 million revolving credit agreement with bank of america, n.a. (boa), as administrative agent, and the lenders and other agents party thereto. the revolving credit agreement is a senior unsecured credit commitment to the company and contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants (including limitations on liens and subsidiary debt and a maximum consolidated lease adjusted total debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.75 to 1.00) and events of default usual for credit facilities of this type. the revolving credit agreement replaced our prior $750.0 million revolving credit agreement, dated as of october 3, 2011 and amended as of october 24, 2013. as of may 27, 2018, we were in compliance with all covenants under the revolving credit agreement.
the revolving credit agreement matures on october 27, 2022, and the proceeds may be used for working capital and capital expenditures, the refinancing of certain indebtedness, certain acquisitions and general corporate purposes. loans under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at a rate of libor plus a margin determined by reference to a ratings-based pricing grid (applicable margin), or the base rate (which is defined as the highest of the boa prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.500 percent, and the eurocurrency rate plus 1.00 percent) plus the applicable margin. assuming a "bbb" equivalent credit rating level, the applicable margin under the revolving credit agreement will be 1.000 percent for libor loans and 0 percent for base rate loans. as of may 27, 2018, we had no outstanding balances under the revolving credit agreement.
at may 27, 2018, our long-term debt consisted principally of:
•   $500.0 million of unsecured 3.850 percent senior notes due in may 2027;
•   $96.3 million of unsecured 6.000 percent senior notes due in august 2035;
•   $42.8 million of unsecured 6.800 percent senior notes due in october 2037; and
•   $300.0 million of unsecured 4.550 percent senior notes due in february 2048.
on february 22, 2018, we completed the issuance of $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 4.550 percent senior notes due in february 2048 under a registration statement filed with the sec on october 6, 2016. discount and issuance costs, which totaled $3.7 million, are being amortized over the term of the notes using the straight-line method, the results of which approximate the effective interest method. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year commencing august 15, 2018. we may redeem the notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at the principal amount plus a make-whole premium. if we experience a change in control triggering event, unless we have previously exercised our right to redeem the notes, we may be required to purchase the notes from the holders at a purchase price equal to 101 percent of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. we utilized the proceeds from this issuance, along with cash on hand, to retire $310.9 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt consisting of:
•   $53.7 million of unsecured 6.000 percent senior notes due in august 2035; and
•   $257.2 million of unsecured 6.800 percent senior notes due in october 2037.
during fiscal 2018, we recorded approximately $102.2 million of expenses associated with the retirements, including cash costs of approximately $97.3 million, primarily for repurchase premiums and non-cash charges of approximately $4.9 million associated with loan cost write-offs. these amounts were recorded in interest, net in our consolidated statements of earnings.
the interest rate on our $42.8 million 6.800 percent senior notes due october 2037 is subject to adjustment from time to time if the debt rating assigned to such series of notes is downgraded below a certain rating level (or subsequently upgraded). the maximum adjustment is 2.000 percent above the initial interest rate and the interest rate cannot be reduced below the initial interest rate. as of may 27, 2018, no such adjustments are made to this rate.
through our shelf registration statement on file with the sec, depending on conditions prevailing in the public capital markets, we may issue unsecured debt securities from time to time in one or more series, which may consist of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness in one or more offerings.
from time to time, we may repurchase our outstanding debt in privately negotiated transactions. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors.
36
from time to time, we enter into interest rate derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk inherent in our operations. see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report).
a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments at may 27, 2018, is as follows:
(in millions)                                                                                                                     payments due by period contractual obligations                                total              less than                   1-3                   3-5        more than
1 year                 years                 years        5 years long-term debt (1)                            $1,679.6                  $41.6                  $83.2                 $83.2             $1,471.6
leases (2)                                     3,427.4                  371.0                  703.4                 604.8             1,748.2
purchase obligations (3)                         537.7                  503.7                   31.0                   3.0             -
benefit obligations (4)                          342.2                   27.5                   59.5                  65.1        190.1
unrecognized income tax benefits (5)              18.5                    2.3                    4.6                  11.6             -
total contractual obligations                 $6,005.4                 $946.1                 $881.7                $767.7             $3,409.9
(in millions)                                                                                                 amount of commitment expiration per period other commercial commitments                           total              less than                   1-3                   3-5        more than amounts                 1 year                 years                 years        5 years committed standby letters of credit (6)                   $114.5                 $114.5                     $-                    $-             $-
guarantees (7)                                   154.0                   39.1                   65.4                  36.3        13.2
total commercial commitments                    $268.5                 $153.6                  $65.4                 $36.3             $13.2
(1)   includes interest payments associated with existing long-term debt, including the current portion. excludes discount and issuance costs of $12.6 million.
(2)   includes all arrangements accounted for as operating, capital and financing leases. includes imputed interest of $79.9 million over the life of financing lease obligations and imputed interest of $37.9 million over the life of capital lease obligations.
(3)   includes commitments for food and beverage items and supplies, capital projects, information technology and other miscellaneous commitments.
(4)   includes expected contributions associated with our defined benefit plans and payments associated with our postretirement benefit plan and our non-qualified deferred compensation plan through fiscal 2028.
(5)   includes interest on unrecognized income tax benefits of $1.1 million, $0.3 million of which relates to contingencies expected to be resolved within one year.
(6)   includes letters of credit for $96.9 million of workers' compensation and general liabilities accrued in our consolidated financial statements and letters of credit for $17.6 million related to contractual operating lease obligations and other payments.
(7)   consists solely of guarantees associated with leased properties that have been assigned to third parties and are primarily related to the disposition of red lobster. we are not aware of any non-performance under these arrangements that would result in our having to perform in accordance with the terms of the guarantees.
37
our fixed-charge coverage ratio, which measures the number of times each year that we earn enough to cover our fixed charges, amounted to 3.1 times and 5.0 times, on a continuing operations basis, for the fiscal years ended may 27, 2018 and may 28, 2017, respectively. our adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio as of may 27, 2018 (which includes 6.00 times the combined total annual minimum rent for operating leases and annual minimum lease payments for financing leases on a consolidated basis of $342.7 million, as a component of adjusted debt and adjusted total capital) was 60 percent. our adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio as of may 28, 2017 (which includes 6.25 times the combined total annual minimum rent for operating leases and annual minimum lease payments for financing leases on a consolidated basis of $303.5 million, as a component of adjusted debt and adjusted total capital) was 59 percent. we include the lease-debt equivalent and contractual lease guarantees in our adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio reported to shareholders, as we believe its inclusion better represents the optimal capital structure that we target from period to period and because it is consistent with the calculation of the covenant under our revolving credit agreement.
based on these ratios, we believe our financial condition is strong. the composition of our capital structure is shown in the following table:
(in millions, except ratios)                                                  may 27, 2018             may 28, 2017
capital structure long-term debt, excluding unamortized discount and issuance costs            $939.1                   $950.0
capital lease obligations                                                      80.5                     58.9
total debt                                                                 $1,019.6                 $1,008.9
stockholders' equity                                                        2,194.8                  2,101.7
total capital                                                              $3,214.4                 $3,110.6
calculation of adjusted capital total debt                                                                 $1,019.6                 $1,008.9
lease-debt equivalent                                                       2,056.2                  1,896.9
guarantees                                                                    154.0                    163.2
adjusted debt                                                              $3,229.8                 $3,069.0
stockholders' equity                                                        2,194.8                  2,101.7
adjusted total capital                                                     $5,424.6                 $5,170.7
capital structure ratios debt to total capital ratio                                                      32      %                32      %
adjusted debt to adjusted total capital ratio                                    60      %                59      %
net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations were $1.02 billion, $916.3 million and $820.4 million in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net cash flows provided by operating activities include net earnings from continuing operations of $603.8 million, $482.5 million and $359.7 million in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased in fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher net earnings from continuing operations. net cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased in fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher net earnings from continuing operations partially offset by the timing of payments of accounts payable and current period activity of taxable timing differences.
net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations were $451.1 million in fiscal 2018 compared to net cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations of $1.07 billion in fiscal 2017 and net cash flows provided by investing activities from continuing operations of $75.4 million in fiscal 2016. capital expenditures incurred principally for building new restaurants, remodeling existing restaurants, replacing equipment, and technology initiatives were $396.0 million in fiscal 2018, compared to $293.0 million in fiscal 2017 and $228.3 million in fiscal 2016. additionally, for fiscal 2018, net cash used in the acquisition of 11 cheddar's scratch kitchen restaurants from an existing franchisee was $40.4 million. for fiscal 2017, net cash used in the acquisition of cheddar's scratch kitchen was $764.4 million. for fiscal 2016, proceeds from the disposal of land, buildings and equipment of $325.2 million reflect the impact of closed sale-leaseback transactions.
net cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations were $636.6 million in fiscal 2018, compared to net cash flows provided by financing activities from continuing operations of $129.2 million in fiscal 2017 and net cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations $1.12 billion in fiscal 2016. net cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal 2018 reflected long-term debt payments of $408.2 million, including repurchase premiums and make-whole provisions,
38
repayments of short-term debt of $960.0 million, dividend payments of $313.5 million and share repurchases of $234.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of short-term debt of $960.0 million, proceeds from the issuance of $300.0 million of senior notes and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options. net cash flows provided by financing activities in fiscal 2017 reflect proceeds from the issuance of $500.0 million of senior notes and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options, partially offset by dividend payments of $279.1 million and share repurchases of $230.2 million. net cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal 2016 reflected long-term debt payments of $1.10 billion, including repurchase premiums and make-whole provisions, dividend payments of $268.2 million, and share repurchases of $184.8 million partially offset by the $315.0 million cash dividend received by us from four corners.
our defined benefit and other postretirement benefit costs and liabilities are determined using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies prescribed under financial accounting standards board accounting standards codification topic 715, compensation - retirement benefits and topic 712, compensation - nonretirement postemployment benefits. we use certain assumptions including, but not limited to, the selection of a discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. we set the discount rate assumption annually for each plan at its valuation date to reflect the yield of high-quality fixed-income debt instruments, with lives that approximate the maturity of the plan benefits. at may 27, 2018, our discount rate was 4.32 percent and 4.28 percent, respectively, for our defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon several factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results, an analysis of current market conditions, asset allocations and the views of leading financial advisers and economists. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for our defined benefit plans was 5.75 percent for fiscal year 2018, 6.5 percent for fiscal year 2017 and 6.5 percent for fiscal year 2016. we made defined benefit plans contributions of approximately $60.8 million, $0.4 million and $25.4 million in fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we expect to contribute approximately $0.4 million to our defined benefit pension plans and approximately $1.4 million to our postretirement benefit plan during fiscal 2019. in april 2018, our benefit plans committee approved the termination of our primary non-contributory defined benefit pension plan (the retirement income plan for darden restaurants, inc.).  the termination of the plan involves many steps, including filing information with the irs and the pension benefit guaranty corporation and obtaining proper approvals. we anticipate the termination process, which culminates in either the settlement or transfer of participant benefits, will take approximately two years to complete.
we have recognized net losses of $85.4 million (net of tax) and of $2.2 million (net of tax) as components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the defined benefit plans and postretirement benefit plan, respectively, as of may 27, 2018. these net losses represent changes in the amount of the projected benefit obligation and plan assets resulting from differences in the assumptions used and actual experience. the amortization of the net loss component of our fiscal 2019 net periodic benefit cost for the defined benefit plans is expected to be approximately $1.9 million (net of tax). the amortization of the net gain component of our fiscal 2019 net periodic benefit cost for the postretirement benefit plan is expected to be approximately $2.4 million (net of tax).
we believe our defined benefit and postretirement benefit plan assumptions are appropriate based upon the factors discussed above. however, other assumptions could also be reasonably applied that could differ from the assumptions used. these changes in assumptions would not significantly impact our funding requirements.
we are not aware of any trends or events that would materially affect our capital requirements or liquidity. we believe that our internal cash-generating capabilities, the potential issuance of unsecured debt securities under our shelf registration statement and short-term commercial paper should be sufficient to finance our capital expenditures, debt maturities, stock repurchase program and other operating activities through fiscal 2019.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
financial condition our total current assets were $553.6 million at may 27, 2018, compared with $587.9 million at may 28, 2017. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents driven by the repurchase of shares of our common stock.
our total current liabilities were $1.38 billion at may 27, 2018, compared with $1.29 billion at may 28, 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in unearned revenues associated with gift card sales in excess of redemptions, an increase in accrued payroll related to bonuses and an increase in accounts payable.
39
application of new accounting standards see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this report) for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.
