item 1a. risk factors all of the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information included in this form 10-k should be considered and read carefully. the risks described below are not the only ones facing us. the occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. this form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.
security breaches like the 2017 cybersecurity incident and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could compromise company, consumer and customer information, interfere with our operations, cause us to incur significant costs for remediation and enhancement of our it systems and expose us to legal liability, all of which could have a substantial negative impact on our business and reputation.
in the ordinary course of business, we collect, process, transmit and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of consumers. the secure operation of our information technology networks and systems, and of the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. despite our substantial investment in physical and technological security measures, employee training and contractual precautions, our information technology networks and infrastructure (or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers) are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access to data or breaches of confidential information due to criminal conduct, attacks by hackers, employee or insider malfeasance and/or human error.
in 2017, we were the target of a cybersecurity attack that involved the theft of certain personally identifiable information of approximately 145.5 million u.s. consumers, approximately 19,000 canadian consumers and approximately 860,000 u.k. consumers. in addition, we identified approximately 2.4 million u.s. consumers whose name and partial driver's license information were stolen in the attack. while the forensic analysis of the 2017 cybersecurity incident is complete, it is possible that further analysis will identify additional consumers affected or additional types of data accessed, which could result in additional notifications and negative publicity.
following the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we began undertaking significant remediation efforts and other steps to enhance our data security infrastructure which are ongoing. in connection with these efforts, we have incurred significant costs and expect to incur additional significant costs as we continue to enhance our data security infrastructure and take further steps to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and the data we maintain. despite these efforts, we cannot assure you that all potential causes of this incident have been identified and remediated and that similar cyber incidents will not occur in the future.
because our products and services involve the storage and transmission of personal information of consumers, we will continue to routinely be the target of attempted cyber and other security threats by outside third parties, including technically sophisticated and well-resourced bad actors attempting to access or steal the data we store. as we transition to cloud-based technologies, we may be exposed to additional cyber threats as we migrate our data from our legacy systems to cloud-based solutions. our increased dependence on third parties to store our cloud-based data systems may also subject us to further cyber threats. insider or employee cyber and security threats are also a significant concern for all companies, including ours. in addition, the 2017 cybersecurity incident may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems.
we must continuously plan, develop and monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure to identify, protect, detect, respond to and recover from the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, malware, phishing and other events that could have a security impact. if we experience additional breaches of our security measures, including from incidents that we fail to detect for a period of time, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could subject us to significant additional litigation, regulatory fines, penalties, losses of customers or reputational damage, any of which could have a significant negative impact on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations.
15
we cannot ensure that our insurance policies in the future will be adequate to cover losses from any future failures. our $125.0 million cybersecurity insurance policy was not adequate to cover the losses we have incurred to date from the 2017 cybersecurity incident, and all future losses we incur as a result of the incident will not be covered by insurance. in addition, our insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk retention.
the government investigations and litigation resulting from the 2017 cybersecurity incident will continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations.
as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are currently a party to a consolidated multi-district consumer class action lawsuit and a consolidated multi-district financial institution class action lawsuit, as well as a consolidated securities class action lawsuit, shareholder derivative litigation and other lawsuits and claims arising out of the 2017 cybersecurity incident seeking monetary damages or other relief. a number of u.s. federal, state, local and foreign governmental officials and agencies, including congressional committees, the ftc, the cfpb, the sec, the u.s. department of justice and state attorneys general offices in the u.s., the fca in the u.k. and the office of the privacy commissioner in canada, continue to investigate events related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, including how it occurred, the consequences thereof and our response thereto. while we believe it is beneficial to resolve the consolidated multi-district consumer class action and one or more of the government investigations in the u.s. through a global resolution, the complexity of achieving a multi-party resolution, especially involving multiple government agencies, makes this a difficult objective to achieve. we may not have success in achieving a global resolution or even a resolution of any of these matters individually. in addition, other lawsuits, investigations and reports related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident may be filed, commenced or issued. the claims and investigations have resulted in the incurrence of significant external and internal legal costs and expenses and reputational damage to our business and are expected to continue throughout 2019 and beyond. the resolution of these matters may result in damages, costs, fines or penalties substantially in excess of our insurance coverage, which, depending on the amount, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or compliance with our credit agreements. if such damages, costs, fines or penalties were great enough that we could not pay them through funds generated from operating activities and/or cause a default under our revolving credit facility, we may be forced to renegotiate or obtain a waiver under our revolving credit facility and/or seek additional debt or equity financing. such renegotiation or financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. in these circumstances, if we were unable to obtain sufficient financing, we may not be able to meet our obligations as they come due. the outcome of such claims and investigations could also adversely affect or cause us to change how we operate our business. various governmental agencies investigating the 2017 cybersecurity incident are seeking to impose injunctive relief, consent decrees, and civil penalties, which could, among other things, impact our ability to collect and use consumer information, materially increase our data security costs, reduce available resources to invest in technology and innovation and/or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business, and put us at a competitive disadvantage. any legislative or regulatory changes adopted in reaction to the 2017 cybersecurity incident or other companies' data breaches could require us to make modifications to the operation of our business that could have an adverse effect and/or increase or accelerate our compliance costs. furthermore, these matters necessitate significant attention by management, which may divert the focus of management from the operation of our business resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the 2017 cybersecurity incident and the adverse publicity that followed have had a negative impact on our reputation and our relationships with our customers, and we cannot assure that it will not have a long-term effect on our relationships with our customers, our revenue and our business.
our reputation with consumers and other stakeholders and our customer relationships were damaged following the 2017 cybersecurity incident, resulting in a negative impact on our revenue. despite our progress made toward repairing our reputation and business relationships, if we are unable to demonstrate the security of our systems and the data we maintain and retain the trust of our customers, consumers and data suppliers, we could experience a substantial negative impact on our business.
additionally, following the 2017 cybersecurity incident, certain of our international organization for standardization ("iso") certifications, which specify requirements for establishing, implementing, operating, monitoring, reviewing, maintaining and improving a documented information security management system, were suspended. additionally, certain of our payment card industry certifications were suspended. these certifications, including the iso 27001 certification, are critical to our business, because certain of our current and potential customers and the contracts governing certain customer relationships, as well as certain of our data suppliers, require us to maintain them as a requirement of doing business. in 2018, significant focus was placed on remediation activities in order to obtain iso and payment card industry re-certifications. we have reacquired three independent iso/iec 27001:2013 certifications (representing our corporate, u.k. and canada environments) and two of our payment card industry certifications (u.k. and canada). in addition, we expect to obtain the
16
usis and gcs payment card industry re-certification in 2019. if we fail to maintain or regain these certifications, customers may stop doing business with us and we may not be able to win new business, which would negatively affect our revenue.
the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of our technology transformation strategy could adversely impact our business and financial results.
we expect our technology transformation strategy, including our transition to cloud-based technologies, will significantly increase our efficiency and productivity, the functionality of our products and services, as well as decrease the cost of our systems infrastructure, all of which we expect will drive growth and have a positive effect on our business, competitive position and results of operations. this initiative is a major undertaking as we replace many of our previous operating systems with cloud-based systems. this complex, multifaceted and extensive initiative will be expensive and may cause material unanticipated problems and expenses. if our new systems do not operate as expected, we may have to incur significant additional costs to modify them. moreover, we may experience issues of customer migration, as many of our customers may choose not to utilize our products and services during and after our transition to cloud-based technologies.
we cannot assure you that our technology transformation strategy will be beneficial to the extent, or within the timeframes, expected, or that the estimated efficiency, cost savings and other improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. market acceptance of cloud-based offerings is affected by a variety of factors, including information security, reliability, performance, the sufficiency of technological infrastructure to support our products and services in certain geographies, customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage its data as well as the customer's ability to access this data once a contract has expired, and consumer concerns regarding data privacy and the enactment of laws or regulations that restrict our ability to provide such services to customers. if we are unable to correctly respond to these issues, we may experience business disruptions, damage to our reputation, negative publicity, diminished customer relationships and other adverse effects on our business. even if the anticipated benefits and savings are substantially realized, there may be consequences, internal control issues or business impacts that were not expected. our transition and migration to cloud-based technologies may increase our risk of liability and cause us to incur significant technical, legal or other costs.
our technology transformation strategy places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial and other limited resources.
as part of our technology transformation strategy, we are transitioning and migrating our data systems from traditional data centers to cloud-based platforms. this initiative will place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance and financial resources and internal financial control and reporting function. in addition, many of our existing personnel do not have experience with native cloud-based technologies and, as a result, we have and will continue to hire personnel with such experience. this effort will be time consuming and costly. our technology transformation strategy requires management time and resources to educate employees and implement new ways of conducting business. the dedication of resources to our technology transformation strategy and cloud-based technologies limits the resources we have available to devote to other initiatives or growth opportunities, or to invest in the maintenance of our existing internal systems. we cannot guarantee that our strategy is the right one or that investments in alternative technologies or other initiatives would not be a better use of our limited resources.
additionally, as a result of our migration efforts in connection with our technology transformation strategy, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge or loss of efficiency during transitional periods. reorganization and transition can require a significant amount of management and other employees' time and focus, which may divert attention from operating activities and growing our business. if we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of these activities, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our transition to cloud-based technologies could expose us to operational disruptions.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed internally within the company and some of which are outsourced to third parties. as part of our technology transformation strategy, we are upgrading the information technology systems used to operate our business and replacing them with cloud-based solutions. this transition will require substantial changes to our software and network infrastructure, which could lead to system interruptions, affect our data systems and further expose us to operational disruptions, and cause us to lose customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
upon implementation of the new cloud-based solutions, much of our information technology systems will consist of outsourced, cloud-based infrastructure, platform and software-as-a-service solutions not under our direct management or
17
control. any disruption to either the outsourced systems or the communication links between us and the outsourced supplier could negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems and could impair our ability to provide services to our customers. we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions.
the loss of access to credit, employment, financial and other data from external sources could harm our ability to provide our products and services.
we rely extensively upon data from external sources to maintain our proprietary and non-proprietary databases, including data received from customers, strategic partners and various government and public record sources. this data includes the widespread and voluntary contribution of credit data from most lenders in the u.s and many other markets as well as the contribution of data under proprietary contractual agreements, such as employers' contribution of employment and income data to the work number®, financial institutions' contribution of individual financial data to ixi, and telecommunications, cable and utility companies' contribution of payment and fraud data to the national cable, telecommunications and utility exchange. for a variety of reasons, including concerns of data furnishers arising out of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, legislatively or judicially imposed restrictions on use, additional security breaches or competitive reasons, our data sources could withdraw, delay receipt of or increase the cost of their data provided to us. where we currently have exclusive use of data, the providers of the data sources could elect to make the information available to competitors. we also compete with several of our third-party data suppliers. if a substantial number of data sources or certain key data sources were to withdraw or be unable to provide their data, if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation, if we lose exclusive right to the use of data, or if the collection, disclosure or use of data becomes uneconomical, our ability to provide products and services to our clients could have a significant negative impact, which could result in decreased revenue, net income and earnings per share and reputational loss. there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain data from alternative sources if our current sources become unavailable.
negative changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, unemployment rates, income, home prices, investment values and consumer confidence, could adversely affect us.
our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, including the demand and availability of affordable credit and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, employment levels, consumer confidence and housing demand, both inside and outside the u.s. business customers use our credit information and related analytical services and data to process applications for new credit cards, automobile loans, home and equity loans and other consumer loans, and to manage their existing credit relationships. demand for our services tends to be correlated to general levels of economic activity and to consumer credit activity, which can be impacted by changes in interest rates. bank and other lenders' willingness to extend credit are adversely affected by elevated consumer delinquency and loan losses in a weak economy. consumer demand for credit (i.e., rates of spending and levels of indebtedness) also tends to grow more slowly or decline during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth. for example, in 2018, our revenue was negatively impacted in the u.s. by the weak mortgage market; in argentina by the substantial weakening of the economy and local currency; in australia by weak real estate and mortgage markets and overall weakness in consumer credit markets.
our customer base suffers when financial markets experience volatility, illiquidity and disruption and the potential for increased and continuing disruptions going forward presents considerable risks to our business and revenue. high or rising rates of unemployment and interest, declines in income, home prices or investment values, lower consumer confidence and reduced access to credit adversely affect demand for many of our products and services, and consequently our revenue and results of operations, as consumers may postpone or reduce their spending and use of credit, and lenders may reduce the amount of credit offered or available.
our markets are highly competitive and new product introductions and pricing strategies being offered by our competitors could decrease our sales and market share or require us to enhance our products and services or reduce our prices in a manner that reduces our operating margins.
we operate in a number of geographic, product and service markets that are highly competitive. competitors may develop products and services that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. the size of our competitors varies across market segments, as do the resources we have allocated to the segments we target. therefore, some of our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources than we do in one or more of our market segments, or overall. as a result, our competitors may be in a position to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may devote greater resources than we can to the development, enhancement, promotion, sale and support of products and services, or some of our customers may develop products of their own that replace the products they currently purchase from us, which would result in lower revenue.
18
in addition, many of our competitors have extensive consumer relationships, including relationships with our current and potential customers. moreover, new competitors or alliances among our competitors may emerge and potentially reduce our market share, revenue or margins.
we also sell our information to competing firms, and buy information from certain of our competitors, in order to sell "tri-bureau" and other products, most notably into the u.s. mortgage market. changes in prices between competitors for this information and/or changes in the design or sale of tri-bureau versus single bureau product offerings may affect our revenue or profitability.
some of our competitors may choose to sell products that compete with ours at lower prices by accepting lower margins and profitability, or may be able to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices, individually or as a part of integrated suites, given proprietary ownership of data, technological superiority or economies of scale. price reductions by our competitors could negatively impact our margins and results of operations and could also harm our ability to obtain new customers on favorable terms. historically, certain of our key products have experienced declines in per unit pricing due to competitive factors and customer demand. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, information technology and development and other costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough to changes in competition or customer demand, we could experience further reductions in our operating margins.
our relationships with key long-term customers may be materially diminished or terminated.
we have long-standing relationships with a number of our customers, many of whom could unilaterally terminate their relationship with us or materially reduce the amount of business they conduct with us at any time. many of our material customer agreements can be terminated by the customer for convenience on advance written notice, which provides our customers with the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to award more business to our competitors.
we also provide our services to business partners who may combine them with their own or other branded services to be offered as a bundle to consumers, governmental agencies and businesses in support of fraud or credit protection, credit monitoring, identity authentication, insurance or credit underwriting, and collections. some of these partners are the largest providers of credit information or identity protection services to the consumer market.
market competition, business requirements, financial condition and consolidation through mergers or acquisitions, could adversely affect our ability to continue or expand our relationships with our customers and business partners. there is no guarantee that we will be able to retain or renew existing agreements, maintain relationships with any of our customers or business partners on acceptable terms or at all, or collect amounts owed to us from insolvent customers or business partners. the loss of one or more of our major customers or business partners could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we do not introduce successful new products, services and analytical capabilities in a timely manner, or if the market does not adopt our new services, our competitiveness and operating results will suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and changing industry standards. in addition, certain of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically or commercially obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. the success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify customer needs; innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; produce and deliver our products in sufficient volumes on time; differentiate our offerings from competitor offerings; price our products competitively; anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our product development process. our resources have to be committed to any new products and services before knowing whether the market will adopt the new offerings. in addition, our management is and will continue to be intensely focused on enhancing our security measures and responding to consumer and customer concerns relating to the 2017 cybersecurity incident and may not be able to devote sufficient time or resources to new product development, which could cause us to be less competitive as compared to our peers, lose out on new revenue opportunities and have an adverse effect on our growth and our business.
19
the demand for some of our products and services may be negatively impacted to the extent the availability of free or less expensive consumer information increases.
public or commercial sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information have become increasingly available, particularly through the internet, and this trend is expected to continue. in addition, governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access and these or other sources of free or relatively inexpensive consumer information from competitors or other commercial sources may reduce demand for our services, particularly in our usis and global consumer solutions business units. recently, there also has been an increase in companies offering free or low-cost direct-to-consumer credit services (such as credit scores, reports and monitoring) as part of alternative business models that use such services as a means to introduce consumers to other products and services. to the extent that our customers choose not to obtain services from us and instead rely on information obtained at no cost or relatively inexpensively from these other sources, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
due to the 2017 cybersecurity incident and our provision of free services to consumers in connection therewith, we ceased the advertisement and sale of new products in our direct-to-consumer business from september 2017 through october 2018, which resulted in a significant decline in revenue in that business. furthermore, in late january 2018, we began offering a new credit lock service, lock & alerttm, that is free for life and is aimed at empowering u.s. consumers to control access to their equifax credit file directly and quickly from their smartphone or computer. additionally, effective september 2018, federal law allows consumers to place freezes on their credit files at all credit bureaus including equifax. if a significant number of consumers lock or freeze their file, our population of data is reduced which could affect our product offerings and value to our customers in our other businesses.
if our systems do not meet customer requirements for response time or high availability, or we experience system constraints or failures, or our customers do not modify and/or upgrade their systems to accept new releases of our products and services, our services to our customers could be delayed or interrupted, which could result in lost revenues or customers, lower margins, or other harm to our business and reputation.
we depend on reliable, stable, efficient and uninterrupted operation of our technology network, systems, and data centers to provide service to our customers. many of the services and systems upon which we rely have been outsourced to third parties. in addition, many of our revenue streams are dependent on links to third party telecommunications providers. these systems and operations, and the personnel that support, service and operate these systems, could be exposed to interruption, damage or destruction from power loss, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, employee or insider malfeasance, human error, fire, natural disasters, war, terrorist acts or civil unrest. we may not have sufficient disaster recovery or redundant operations in place to cover a loss or failure of systems or telecommunications links in a timely manner. in addition, as part of our technology transformation, we continue to be intensely focused on enhancing our data security infrastructure and effecting our technology transformation strategy and implementation of those enhancements could result in service interruptions. our customers expect high system availability and response time performance, as well as a very high degree of system resilience. any significant system interruption or series of minor interruptions could result in the loss of customers and/or lost revenues, lower margins or other significant harm to our business or reputation.
we and our customers are subject to various current laws and governmental regulations, and could be affected by new laws or regulations, including as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses and change our business practices, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
we are subject to a number of u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to consumer privacy, data and financial protection. see "item 1. business-governmental regulation" in this form 10-k for a summary of the u.s. and foreign consumer and data protection laws and regulations to which we are subject. these regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that could harm our business. examples of such new laws and regulations include recent amendments to the fcra requiring the provision of free credit freezes to consumers, new cybersecurity and other requirements promulgated by the new york department of financial services and the passage of the california consumer protection act. furthermore, we expect there to be an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business because of the great public concern in the u.s. with regard to the operation of credit reporting agencies, as well as the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal information, which was in part heightened by the 2017 cybersecurity incident. there are a number of legislative proposals pending before the u.s. congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection that could affect us and the president of the united states could act by executive order. in addition, a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification and other requirements in the event that
20
consumer information is accessed by unauthorized persons and additional regulations regarding the use, access, accuracy and security of such data are possible. in the u.s., state laws provide for disparate notification regimes, all of which we are subject to. further, any perception that our practices or products are an invasion of privacy, whether or not consistent with current or future regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism, private class actions, reputational harm, or claims by regulators, which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability.
we devote substantial compliance, legal and operational business resources to facilitate compliance with applicable regulations and requirements. in the future, we may be subject to significant additional expense to ensure continued compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to investigate, defend or remedy actual or alleged violations. additionally, we cooperate with cfpb supervisory examinations and respond to other state, federal and foreign government examinations of or inquiries of our business practices. any failure by us to comply with, or remedy any violations of, applicable laws and regulations could result in the curtailment of certain of our operations, the imposition of fines and penalties, liability to private plaintiffs as a result of individual or class action litigation, restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations and reputational harm. it is difficult to predict the impact on our business if we were subject to allegations of having violated existing laws. for example, in europe, the gdpr, which includes extensive regulations for certain security incidents, could result in fines of up to four percent of annual worldwide "turnover" (a measure similar to revenues in the u.s.). in addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold to customers in various industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. moreover, our compliance with privacy laws and regulations and our reputation depend in part on customers' adherence to privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent with consumer expectations and regulatory requirements. we cannot predict the ultimate impact on our business of new or proposed cfpb, fca or other rules, supervisory examinations or government investigations or enforcement actions.
the following legal and regulatory developments also could have a substantial negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations:
•   amendment, enactment or interpretation of laws and regulations that restrict the access and use of personal information and reduce the availability or effectiveness of our solutions or the supply of data available to customers;
•   changes in cultural and consumer attitudes in favor of further restrictions on information collection and sharing, which may lead to regulations that prevent full utilization of our solutions;
•   failure of data suppliers or customers to comply with laws or regulations, where mutual compliance is required;
•   failure of our solutions to comply with current laws and regulations; and
•   failure of our solutions to adapt to changes in the regulatory environment in an efficient, cost effective manner.
these laws and regulations (as well as actions that may be taken by legislatures and regulatory bodies in other countries) and the consequences of any violation could limit our ability to pursue business opportunities we might otherwise consider engaging in, impose additional costs on us, result in significant loss of revenue, result in significant restitution and fines, impact the value of assets we hold, or otherwise adversely affect our business. see "item 1. business-governmental regulation" and "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k.
regulatory oversight of our contractual relationships with certain of our customers may adversely affect our business.
the federal banking agencies, including the office of the comptroller of the currency, the federal deposit insurance corporation, the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the cfpb, as well as many state banking agencies have issued guidance to insured depository institutions and other providers of financial services on assessing and managing risks associated with third-party relationships, which include all business arrangements between a financial services provider and another entity, by contract or otherwise, and generally requires banks and financial services providers to exercise comprehensive oversight throughout each phase of a bank or financial service provider's business arrangement with third-party service providers, and instructs banks and financial service providers to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships. this guidance requires more rigorous oversight of third-party relationships that involve certain "critical activities." in light of this guidance, our existing or potential bank and financial services customers subject to this guidance may continue to revise their third-party risk management policies and processes and the terms on which they do business with us, which may adversely affect our relationship with such customers. in 2018, we entered into a consent order with certain state banking regulators in response to their multi-state review of our information security program. this consent order obligates us to, among other things, make certain changes to our corporate governance and information security practices. if we are unable or otherwise fail to comply with this consent order, our ability to do business with financial institutions in those states could be impaired. it is possible that the consent order or other actions resulting from examinations by federal or state banking regulators could lead to adverse changes in our customer relationships.
21
economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
sales outside the u.s. comprised 29% of our total revenue in 2018. as a result, our business is subject to various risks associated with doing business internationally. in addition, many of our employees, suppliers, job functions and facilities are located outside the u.s. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors including:
•   changes in specific country or region political, economic or other conditions;
•   trade protection measures;
•   data privacy and consumer protection regulations;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•   differing labor, intellectual property protection and technology standards and regulations;
•   business licensing requirements or other requirements relating to making foreign direct investments, which could increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, prevent us from entering certain markets, increase our operating costs or lead to penalties or restrictions;
•   difficulties associated with repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner;
•   implementation of exchange controls;
•   geopolitical instability, including terrorism and war;
•   foreign currency changes;
•   increased travel, infrastructure, legal and compliance costs of multiple international locations;
•   foreign laws and regulatory requirements;
•   terrorist activity, natural disasters and other catastrophic events;
•   restrictions on the import and export of technologies;
•   difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable;
•   longer payment cycles;
•   failure to meet quality standards for outsourced work;
•   unfavorable tax rules;
•   the presence and acceptance of varying level of business corruption in international markets; and
•   varying business practices in foreign countries we earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including among others the british pound, the australian dollar, the canadian dollar, the argentine peso, the chilean peso, the euro, the new zealand dollar, the costa rican colon, the singapore dollar, the brazilian real, the russian ruble and the indian rupee. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenue, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against major currencies will affect our operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. in 2018, a general weakening of foreign currencies in countries where we have operations against the u.s. dollar had a negative impact on our results as reported in u.s. dollars. see "segment financial results-international-asia pacific," "-europe," "-latin america," and "-canada" and "effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates" in the "item 7. management's discussion and analysis" in this form 10-k. because of the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency. the use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies, may materially affect our consolidated financial results.
compliance with applicable u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, such as anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange controls and restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other similar restraints, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition relations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. although we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by our employees, contractors or agents could nevertheless occur.
22
we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
in addition to what we are currently experiencing due to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, supervisory examinations and regulatory proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to consumer protection and data protection, including purported class action lawsuits. such claims, suits, government investigations and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. regardless of their outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. in addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability, penalties or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. the fcra contains an attorney fee shifting provision to provide an incentive for consumers to bring individual and class action lawsuits against a cra for violation of the fcra, and the number of consumer lawsuits (both individual and class action) against us alleging a violation of the fcra and our resulting costs associated with resolving these lawsuits have increased substantially over the past several years.
we rely, in part, on acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances to grow our business and expand our geographic reach. the acquisition, integration or divestiture of businesses by us may not produce the expected financial, operating results or it and data security profile we expect. in addition, if we are unable to make acquisitions or successfully develop and maintain joint ventures and other alliances, our growth may be adversely impacted.
historically, we have relied, in part, on acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances to grow our business. any acquisitions we do complete may not be on favorable terms, and the expected benefits, synergies and growth from these initiatives may not materialize as planned. we may have difficulty assimilating new businesses and their products, services, technologies, it systems and personnel into our operations. it and data security profiles of acquired companies may not meet our technological standards and may take longer to integrate and remediate than planned. this may result in significantly greater transaction costs for future acquisitions than we have experienced historically, or it could mean that we will not pursue certain acquisitions where the costs of integration and remediation are too significant. we may also have difficulty integrating and operating businesses in countries and geographies where we do not currently have a significant presence, and acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside of the u.s. will increase our exposure to risks of conducting operations in international markets. these difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
despite our past experience, opportunities to grow our business through acquisitions, joint ventures and other alliances may not be available to us in the future. in addition, our focus on our technology transformation strategy, our migration to cloud-based technologies and potential fines, penalties and other costs as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident may limit our ability to identify and complete acquisitions as we will have less time and resources to devote to identifying suitable acquisition candidates and our technological criteria and standards for acquisition candidates may increase.
dependence on outsourcing certain portions of our operations may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to reduce operating costs, we have outsourced various components of our application development, information technology, operational support and administrative functions and will continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. although we have implemented service level agreements and have established monitoring controls, if our outsourcing vendors fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels including with respect to data and system security, or increase prices for their services to unreasonable levels, our ability to bring products to market and support our customers and our reputation could suffer. any failure to perform on the part of these third-party providers could impair our ability to operate effectively and could result in lower future revenue, unrealized efficiencies and adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.
changes in income tax laws can significantly impact our net income.
federal and state governments in the u.s. as well as a number of other governments around the world are currently facing significant fiscal pressures and have considered or may consider changes to their tax laws for revenue raising or economic competitiveness reasons. changes to tax laws can have immediate impacts, either favorable or unfavorable, on our
23
results of operations and cash flows, and may impact our competitive position versus certain competitors who are domiciled in other jurisdictions and subject to different tax laws. in december 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 which significantly impacted our u.s. and global tax expense and net income and our earnings per share in 2018. the irs issued clarification notices and the u.s. treasury issued proposed regulation which also provided clarity to the tax act. however, the irs could issue additional clarification and additional changes could be made to the final issuance of the regulations.
if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
we derive a portion of our revenue from direct and indirect sales to u.s., state, local and foreign governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments or suspension of future government contracting. following the 2017 cybersecurity incident, our government contracts received enhanced scrutiny and negative media attention that resulted in the suspension of one of our contracts. if we are unable to repair the reputational damage caused by the 2017 cybersecurity incident and ensure the security of the data we maintain, our ability to maintain our existing and acquire new government contracts may be substantially impacted.
also, the government programs to which we provide services, or which are the bases of compliance services we provide non-governmental clients, including, in particular, the employer requirements under the affordable care act, may be terminated or substantially altered by the government and our services would no longer be needed. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, if the services we provide are no longer needed due to government program change or termination, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
there has been substantial litigation in the u.s. regarding intellectual property rights in the information technology industry. from time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case by case basis. any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation, could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations and we may not prevail. a claim of intellectual property infringement could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. in certain of our businesses we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on favorable terms or at all. although our policy is to obtain licenses or other rights where necessary, we cannot provide assurance that we have obtained all required licenses or rights.
third parties may misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
our success increasingly depends on our proprietary technology. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, database rights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as contract restrictions, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. the extent to which such rights can be protected varies in different jurisdictions. if we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully our competitive position may suffer which could harm our operating results. our pending patent and trademark applications may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property rights. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.
we may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights and we may or may not be able to detect misappropriation or infringement by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect misappropriation or infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights quickly or at all. in some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because a third party has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. in addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and
24
our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenue.
the u.k.'s impending departure from the eu could adversely affect us.
the outcome of the 2016 referendum on the u.k.'s membership in the eu approving the exit of the u.k. from the eu (referred to as "brexit") could cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business, including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers and employees, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations. the effects of any brexit will depend on its terms. in addition, developments regarding brexit may also create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our clients to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending on our solutions and services.
a downgrade to our credit ratings would increase our cost of borrowing under our credit facility and adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
we are party to a $1.10 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of financial institutions that matures in september 2023 (the "revolver"). the revolver replaced the company's previous $900 million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature in november 2020. the cost of borrowing under the revolver and our ability and the terms under which we may access the credit markets are affected by credit ratings assigned to our indebtedness by the major credit rating agencies. these ratings are premised on our performance under assorted financial metrics, such as leverage and interest coverage ratios and other measures of financial strength, business and financial risk, industry conditions, transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. our current ratings have served to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate access to a variety of lenders. however, there can be no assurance that our credit ratings or outlook will not be lowered in the future in response to adverse changes in these metrics caused by our operating results or by actions that we take that reduce our profitability or that require us to incur additional indebtedness for items such as substantial cash acquisitions, significant increases in costs and capital spending in security and it systems, significant costs related to settlements of litigation or regulatory requirements, or by returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends or under our share repurchase program. a downgrade of our credit ratings would increase our cost of borrowing under the revolver, negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets on advantageous terms, or at all, negatively affect the trading price of our securities and have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to borrow under our revolving credit facility and receivables facility.
we are party to a $225.0 million, two-year receivables funding facility (the "receivables facility") as well as the revolver. our revolver and receivables facility have representations, covenants, financial covenants and events of default which may limit our ability to borrow under such debt obligations. any breach of a representation or failure to comply with any covenant or financial covenant or the occurrence of any event of default under the revolver or the receivables facility could result in a prohibition of further borrowings under the revolver and receivables facility or acceleration of any obligations outstanding thereunder. any event of default under the revolver or receivables facility could result in a cross default under our other outstanding debt obligations.
changes in interest rates could adversely affect our cost of capital and net income.
rising interest rates, credit market dislocations and decisions and actions by credit rating agencies can affect the availability and cost of our funding and adversely affect our net income.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success, including our ability to implement our technology transformation strategy, depends partly on the continued service of our key development, sales, marketing, executive and administrative personnel. additionally, increased retention risk exists in certain key areas of our operations, such as it and security, which require specialized skills, such as maintenance of certain legacy computer systems, data security experts and analytical modelers. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. as part of our technology transformation strategy, we have hired a significant number of new employees and contract employees. hiring, training, motivating, retaining and managing employees with the skills required is time-consuming and expensive. if we are not able to hire sufficient employees to support our technology transformation, or to train, motivate, retain and manage the employees we do hire, it could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or financial results. we believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions in which we operate. however, there is also intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key employees.
25
our retirement and post-retirement pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows.
we have significant retirement and post-retirement pension plan assets and obligations. the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our plan expenses and funding obligations. significant decreases in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets will increase our funding obligations, and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to a variety of other general risks and uncertainties inherent in doing business.
in addition to the specific factors discussed above, we are subject to risks that are inherent to doing business. these include growth rates, general economic and political conditions, customer satisfaction with the quality of our services, costs of obtaining insurance, changes in unemployment rates, and other events that can impact revenue and the cost of doing business.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as used herein, the terms equifax, the company, we, our and us refer to equifax inc., a georgia corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries as a combined entity, except where it is clear that the terms mean only equifax inc.
all references to earnings per share data in management's discussion and analysis, or md&a, are to diluted earnings per share, or eps, unless otherwise noted. diluted eps is calculated to reflect the potential dilution that would occur if stock options or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised and resulted in additional common shares outstanding.
business overview equifax inc. is a global data, analytics and technology company. we provide information solutions and human resources business process outsourcing services for businesses, governments and consumers. we have a large and diversified group of clients, including financial institutions, corporations, governments and individuals. our services are based on comprehensive databases of consumer and business information derived from numerous sources including credit, financial assets, telecommunications and utility payments, employment, income, demographic and marketing data. we use advanced statistical techniques, machine learning and proprietary software tools to analyze available data to create customized insights, decision-making solutions and processing services for our clients. we also provide information, technology and services to support debt collections and recovery management. additionally, we are a leading provider of payroll-related and human resource management business process outsourcing services in the united states of america, or u.s. for consumers, we provide products and services to help people understand, manage and protect their personal information and make more informed financial decisions.
we currently operate in four global regions: north america (u.s. and canada), asia pacific (australia, new zealand and india), europe (the united kingdom, or u.k., spain and portugal) and latin america (argentina, chile, costa rica, ecuador, el salvador, honduras, mexico, paraguay, peru and uruguay). we maintain support operations in the republic of ireland, chile, costa rica and india. we also offer equifax branded credit services in russia and india through joint ventures, have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in cambodia, malaysia, singapore and the united arab emirates, and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in brazil.
2017 cybersecurity incident in 2017, we experienced a cybersecurity incident following a criminal attack on our systems that involved the theft of certain personally identifiable information of u.s., canadian and u.k. consumers. criminals exploited a software vulnerability in a u.s. website application to gain unauthorized access to our network. in march 2017, the u.s. department of homeland security distributed a notice concerning the software vulnerability. we undertook efforts to identify and remediate vulnerable systems; however, the vulnerability in the website application that was exploited was not identified by our security processes. we discovered unusual network activity in late-july 2017 and upon discovery promptly investigated the activity. once the activity was identified as potential unauthorized access, we acted to stop the intrusion and engaged a leading, independent cybersecurity firm to conduct a forensic investigation to determine the scope of the unauthorized access, including the specific information impacted. based on our forensic investigation, the unauthorized access occurred from mid-may 2017 through july 2017. no evidence was found that the company's core consumer, employment and income, or commercial reporting databases were accessed. we continue to cooperate with law enforcement in connection with the criminal investigation into the actors responsible for the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are party to numerous lawsuits and governmental investigations. see "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k for more information regarding these lawsuits and investigations.
product liability.  as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we offered trustedid® premier, a credit file monitoring and identity theft protection product, for free to all eligible u.s. consumers who signed up through january 31, 2018. we also provided free credit reports and scores, credit monitoring and identity theft protection for twenty four months to impacted consumers in canada and the u.k. we have recorded the expenses necessary to provide this service to those who signed up. through december 31, 2017, we recorded $50.7 million of product costs in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. in 2018, the company extended the free credit monitoring services for an additional twelve months for eligible consumers impacted by the 2017 cybersecurity incident by providing them the opportunity to enroll in experian® idnotifytm at no cost. we recorded $20.4 million related to these services in selling,
35
general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018.
litigation, claims and government investigations.  as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are subject to a significant number of proceedings and investigations as described in part i, "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k. while we believe it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses associated with such proceedings and investigations, it is not possible at this time to estimate the amount of loss or range of possible loss that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolution of the proceedings and investigations described in "item 3. legal proceedings" based on the various stages of these proceedings and investigations, that alleged damages have not been specified or are uncertain, the uncertainty as to the certification of a class or classes and the size of any certified class, as applicable, and the lack of resolution on significant factual and legal issues. the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. the company believes that the ultimate amount paid on these actions, claims and investigations could be material to the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods.
future costs.  we are currently executing substantial initiatives in security and consumer support, and a company-wide transformation of our technology infrastructure, which we refer to as our technology transformation, and incurred substantial increased expenses and capital expenditures in 2018 related to these initiatives. we expect to again incur significant expenses and capital expenditures in 2019 and 2020 related to these initiatives, although at levels slightly below those incurred in 2018.
we incurred significant legal and professional services expenses related to the lawsuits, claims and government investigations to which we are a party in 2018, and expect to continue to incur these expenses until these items are resolved. we will recognize the expenses and capital expenditures referenced herein as they are incurred. in 2018, we incurred elevated costs for insurance, finance and compliance activities, and expect to incur costs at these levels again in 2019.
insurance coverage.  at the time of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we had $125.0 million of cybersecurity insurance coverage, above a $7.5 million deductible, to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to this incident. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company recorded insurance recoveries of $75.0 million and $50.0 million, respectively, and received payments of $110.0 million and $15.0 million, respectively, for reimbursable costs incurred to date. since the announcement of the 2017 cybersecurity incident in september 2017, we have received the maximum reimbursement under the insurance policy of $125.0 million.
segment and geographic information segments. the usis segment, the largest of our four segments, consists of three service lines: online information solutions; mortgage solutions; and financial marketing services. online information solutions and mortgage solutions revenue is principally transaction-based and is derived from our sales of products such as consumer and commercial credit reporting and scoring, identity management, fraud detection and modeling services. usis also markets certain decisioning software services, which facilitate and automate a variety of consumer and commercial credit-oriented decisions. financial marketing services revenue is principally project and subscription based and is derived from our sales of batch credit and consumer wealth information such as those that assist clients in acquiring new customers, cross selling to existing customers and managing portfolio risk.
the international segment consists of asia pacific, europe, latin america and canada. canada's services are similar to our usis offerings. asia pacific, europe and latin america are made up of varying mixes of service lines that are generally in our usis reportable segment. we also provide information and technology services to support lenders and other creditors in the collections and recovery management process.
the workforce solutions segment consists of the verification services and employer services business lines. verification services revenue is transaction-based and is derived primarily from employment and income verification. employer services revenues are derived from our provision of certain human resources business process outsourcing services that include both transaction and subscription based product offerings. these services include unemployment claims management, employment-based tax credit services and other complementary employment-based transaction services.
global consumer solutions revenue is both transaction and subscription based and is derived from the sale of credit monitoring and identity theft protection products, which we deliver electronically to consumers primarily via the internet in the u.s., canada, and the u.k. we also sell consumer and credit information to resellers who combine our information with other information to provide direct-to-consumer monitoring, reports and scores. due to the 2017 cybersecurity incident we ceased
36
advertising our consumer business in the u.s. in september 2017. we resumed advertising our u.s. paid products in the fourth quarter of 2018.
as part of our response to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we made our trustedid® premier service, an identity theft protection and credit file monitoring product, available for free to all u.s. consumers for twelve months for those who signed up by january 31, 2018. in late 2018, the company extended the free credit file monitoring services for impacted consumers in the u.s. using the free trustedid premier® service by providing them the opportunity to enroll in experian® idnotifytm at no cost for an additional twelve months. similarly, for impacted consumers in canada and the u.k., we provided free credit reports and scores, credit monitoring and identity theft protection for twenty four months. as part of our commitment to providing long-term resources and protections for consumers, in january 2018, the company introduced lock & alerttm, a mobile application enabled service that allows u.s. consumers to quickly lock and unlock their equifax credit report for free, for life.
geographic information. we currently have operations in the following countries: argentina, australia, canada, chile, costa rica, ecuador, el salvador, honduras, india, mexico, new zealand, paraguay, peru, portugal, the republic of ireland, spain, the u.k., uruguay and the u.s. we also offer equifax branded credit services in india and russia through joint ventures, we have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in cambodia, malaysia, singapore and the united arab emirates, and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in brazil. approximately 71% our revenue was generated in the u.s. during both of the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
key performance indicators. management focuses on a variety of key indicators to monitor operating and financial performance. these performance indicators include measurements of operating revenue, change in operating revenue, operating income, operating margin, net income, diluted earnings per share, cash provided by operating activities and capital expenditures. key performance indicators for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, include the following:
key performance indicatorstwelve months endeddecember 31,
2018                                                                                     2017                            2016
(in millions, except per share data)
operating revenue                            $3,412.1                        $3,362.2                        $3,144.9
operating revenue change                            1       %                       7       %                      18       %
operating income                               $448.0                          $831.7                          $825.1
operating margin                                 13.1       %                    24.7       %                    26.2       %
net income attributable to equifax             $299.8                          $587.3                          $488.8
diluted earnings per share                      $2.47                           $4.83                           $4.04
cash provided by operating activities          $672.2                          $816.0                          $823.0
capital expenditures*                         $(368.1       )                 $(214.0       )                 $(191.5       )
*amounts above include accruals for capital expenditures.
business environment and company outlook demand for our services tends to be correlated to general levels of economic activity and to consumer credit activity, small commercial credit and marketing activity. demand is also enhanced by our initiatives to expand our products, capabilities, and markets served. in the united states, we expect 2019 economic activity, as measured by gdp, to be down from the levels seen in the second half of 2018. we expect modest growth in consumer credit, excluding mortgage, over the course of 2019. u.s. mortgage market originations are expected to be much weaker in the first half of 2019 and down for the full year of 2019 versus 2018. we anticipate 2019 economic activity, as measured by gdp, in canada to be slightly below the levels seen in the second half of 2018. in australia, as measured by gdp, we anticipate 2019 economic activity to be below the levels seen in the second half of 2018 due to overall weakness in consumer credit markets. in the european markets we serve, the u.k., spain and portugal, we are expecting 2019 economic activity, as measured by gdp, to be at or slightly below the levels in 2018. in latin america, our two largest markets are in argentina and chile. in argentina, the market weakened significantly in 2018. we are expecting continued weakness in 2019 but at lower levels than in 2018. in chile, we are expecting economic activity in 2019 to be down slightly compared to 2018.
37
the 2017 cybersecurity incident is expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, principally in our usis and global consumer solutions businesses. we have incurred, in 2018, and will continue to incur, in 2019, legal, consulting and other costs related to the analysis and response to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. additionally, in 2018 and beyond, we have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs and capital expenditures related to our technology transformation, which includes costs for enhanced data security. in 2018 and beyond, we had and will continue to have increases in the ongoing run-rate of technology and security spending. we also expect to continue to incur increased expenses for insurance, finance, compliance activities, and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. the ultimate amount of these increases is expected to be significant.
as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are subject to a significant number of proceedings and investigations as described in "item 3. legal proceedings" in this form 10-k. while we believe it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses associated with these proceedings and investigations, it is not possible to estimate the amount of loss or range of possible loss that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolution of the proceedings and investigations based on the various stages of these proceedings and investigations, that alleged damages have not been specified or are uncertain, the uncertainty as to the certification of a class or classes and the size of any certified class, as applicable, and the lack of resolution on significant factual and legal issues. the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. the company believes that the ultimate amount paid on these actions, claims and investigations could be material to the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods and may reduce available resources to invest in technology and innovation.
results of operations -
twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016
consolidated financial results operating revenue twelve months ended december 31,                                                                  change
2018 vs. 2017                       2017 vs. 2016
operating revenue                                2018                    2017                    2016                         $         %                         $         %
(in millions)
u.s. information solutions              $1,247.3                $1,262.7                $1,236.5               $(15.4    )        (1   )%           $26.2              2    %
international                              966.2                   932.3                   803.6                 33.9              4    %           128.7             16    %
workforce solutions                        826.8                   764.2                   702.2                 62.6              8    %            62.0              9    %
global consumer solutions                  371.8                   403.0                   402.6                (31.2    )        (8   )%             0.4              -    %
consolidated operating revenue          $3,412.1                $3,362.2                $3,144.9                $49.9              1    %          $217.3              7    %
revenue for 2018 increased by 1% compared to 2017. the growth was driven by our workforce solutions and international segments which was partially offset by declines in usis and global consumer solutions which were negatively impacted by the 2017 cybersecurity incident. workforce solutions saw strong growth driven by verification services. international had local currency growth across all regions. the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $28.3 million, or 1%, in 2018 compared to 2017.
revenue for 2017 increased by 7% compared to 2016. the growth was driven by our international and workforce solutions segments. international had strong growth across all regions, which reflects broad based organic growth and the veda acquisition. workforce solutions saw strong growth driven by verification services. usis had an increase in revenue compared to 2016, reflecting growth in core credit decisioning, financial marketing services, mortgage and identity and fraud solutions. revenue in our usis, global consumer solutions and workforce solutions segments were negatively impacted by the 2017 cybersecurity incident. the effect of foreign exchange rates reduced revenue by $6.0 million in 2017 compared to 2016.
38
operating expenses twelve months ended december 31,                                                                  change
2018 vs. 2017                       2017 vs. 2016
operating expenses                                                          2018   2017                                     2016                         $         %                         $         %
(in millions)
consolidated cost of services                                      $1,440.4                $1,210.7                $1,113.4               $229.7             19    %           $97.3              9    %
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses           1,213.3                 1,032.0                   941.0                181.3             18    %   91.0                      10    %
consolidated depreciation and amortization expense                    310.4        287.8                              265.4                 22.6              8    %   22.4                       8    %
consolidated operating expenses                                    $2,964.1                $2,530.5                $2,319.8               $433.6             17    %          $210.7              9    %
cost of services. cost of services increased $229.7 million in 2018 compared to 2017. we incurred increased incremental technology and data security costs of $146.5 million in 2018. these increased technology and security costs predominantly reflect the investments we are making in our technology transformation, which include costs for enhanced data security. we expect these incremental costs as well as increased ongoing technology and security costs to continue in 2019 and 2020. the remaining increase is due to increased people and royalty costs. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $6.4 million.
cost of services increased $97.3 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase in cost of services, when compared to 2016, was due to the increase in production costs driven by higher revenues, as well as increases of $14.2 million in professional services related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident and in people costs. the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates reduced cost of services by $2.1 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $181.3 million in 2018 as compared to 2017.
we incurred increased incremental technology and data security costs of $160.7 million in 2018. as was the case in cost of services, these increased technology and security costs predominately reflect the investments we are making in our technology transformation, which include costs for enhanced data security. we expect these incremental costs as well as increased ongoing technology and security costs to continue in 2019 and 2020.
related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we incurred net costs of $19.0 million in 2018. we incurred legal and investigative fees of $73.6 million, and decreased costs to fulfill and support the free credit monitoring service provided to eligible consumers of $20.4 million. additionally, we benefited from the recognition of insurance proceeds of $75.0 million to offset these costs in 2018, versus the $50.0 million of insurance proceeds recorded in 2017.
the remaining changes were driven by increases due to the restructuring charge of $46.1 million, people, the public records litigation settlement of $18.5 million, and insurance costs which were partially offset by decreased advertising costs.
the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $10.2 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $91.0 million in 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was due to $99.8 million of costs related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, higher occupancy and people costs, partially offset by a decline in veda integration and transaction costs. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by $2.2 million.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense for 2018 increased by $22.6 million. the increase is due to amortization of capitalized internal-use software and system costs and depreciation of production equipment, partially offset by a decrease in amortization of purchased intangibles.
depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 increased by $22.4 million primarily due to increased depreciation due to increased capital expenditures.
39
operating income and operating margin twelve months ended december 31,       change operating income and operating margin                                                                              2018 vs. 2017                                                2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                                       2017                    2016                         $   %                   $                            %
(in millions)
consolidated operating revenue                 $3,412.1                $3,362.2                $3,144.9            $49.9            1            %             $217.3                7   %
consolidated operating expenses                 2,964.1                 2,530.5                 2,319.8                433.6        17           %      210.7                        9   %
consolidated operating income                    $448.0                  $831.7                  $825.1            $(383.7     )           (46   )%              $6.6                1   %
consolidated operating margin                      13.1    %               24.7    %               26.2    %                             (11.6   )pts                             (1.5   )pts total company margin decreased in 2018 versus 2017, primarily due to the aforementioned technology and data security spending by the company after the 2017 cybersecurity incident of $326.2 million reflected in costs of services and selling, general, and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income.
total company margin decreased in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to the costs related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident, partially offset by increased margins in international and workforce solutions business segments and lower integration costs related to the acquisition of veda.
interest expense and other income (expense), net twelve months ended december 31,       change
2018 vs. 2017                       2017 vs. 2016
consolidated interest and other income (expense), net                   2018                    2017   2016                        $                           %       $                           %
(in millions)
consolidated interest expense                                   $(103.5    )             $(92.8    )             $(92.1    )       $(10.7      )    12        %        $(0.7     )    1            %
consolidated other income, net                                     11.8                     7.7                    (4.8    )   4.1                  53        %    12.5                    (260   )%
average cost of debt                                                3.8    %                3.4    %   3.5                 %
total consolidated debt, net, at year end                      $2,635.5                $2,704.3                $2,672.2            $(68.8      )         (3   )%       $32.1          1            %
interest expense increased in 2018, when compared to 2017, due to an increase in our overall average cost of debt resulting from the issuance of the senior notes in may 2018.
interest expense increased in 2017, when compared to 2016, due to an increase in our average consolidated debt outstanding in 2017, reflecting debt incurred in the first quarter of 2016 to finance the acquisition of veda. our average cost of debt decreased in 2017 compared to 2016, due to the higher balance of low rate commercial paper outstanding and lower long-term rates due to the repayment on july 3, 2017 of $272.5 million in principal amount of our 6.3% senior notes.
the increase in other income (expense), net, in 2018 is primarily due to higher earnings on certain equity method investments, an increase in interest income, and the release of a liability from a past acquisition. these increases were partially offset by increased pension expense and the foreign exchange impact of remeasuring the peso denominated monetary assets and liabilities as a result of argentina becoming a highly inflationary economy for accounting purposes in 2018.
the increase in other income (expense), net, in 2017 is primarily due to a 2016 loss on the economic hedges, offset by a foreign currency gain on intercompany debt related to the veda transaction which did not recur in 2017. there were also higher earnings on certain equity method investments in 2017.
40
income taxes twelve months ended      change december 31,
2018 vs. 2017                     2017 vs. 2016
provision for income taxes                             2018   2017                2016                   $                   %             $                   %
(in millions)
consolidated provision for income taxes          $(50.0   )       $(148.6     )       $(233.1     )      $98.6               (66   )%      $84.5               (36   )%
effective income tax rate                          14.0   %   19.9            %   32.0            %
our effective tax rate was 14.0% for 2018, down from 19.9% for the same period in 2017. the decrease in our effective income tax rate is due to the decrease in the statutory u.s. tax rate as a result of the tax act enacted in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the increase in the benefit received from the reversal of uncertain tax positions. these changes were offset by an increase in the impact of equity compensation, an increase in the foreign rate differential impact, and the deferred tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 to reflect the impact of the tax act.
our effective tax rate was 19.9% for 2017, down from 32.0% for the same period in 2016. the decrease in our effective income tax rate for 2017 is primarily attributable to recording the preliminary impact of the tax act enacted in the fourth quarter of 2017, and the adoption of the new stock-based compensation guidance we prospectively adopted in the first quarter of 2017. we recognized a $48.3 million and $26.7 million tax benefit related to the estimated impact of tax legislation enacted in 2017 and the accounting change for stock-based compensation guidance for the full year 2017, respectively.
net income twelve months ended       change december 31,
2018 vs. 2017                                       2017 vs. 2016
net income                                                                          2018                2017                2016       $                            %                       $          %
(in millions, except per share amounts)
consolidated operating income                                                 $448.0              $831.7              $825.1           $(383.7     )         (46   )%          $6.6               1   %
consolidated other expense, net                                                (91.7   )           (85.1   )           (96.9   )       (6.6        )    8          %           11.8             (12   )%
consolidated provision for income taxes                                        (50.0   )          (148.6   )          (233.1   )            98.6             (66   )%          84.5             (36   )%
consolidated net income                                                        306.3               598.0               495.1           (291.7      )         (49   )%         102.9              21   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                             (6.5   )           (10.7   )            (6.3   )             4.2             (39   )%          (4.4    )         70   %
net income attributable to equifax                                            $299.8              $587.3              $488.8           $(287.5     )         (49   )%         $98.5              20   %
diluted earnings per share:
net income attributable to equifax                                             $2.47               $4.83               $4.04           $(2.36      )         (49   )%         $0.79              20   %
weighted-average shares used in computing diluted earnings per share           121.4               121.5               121.1
consolidated net income decreased by $291.7 million, or 49%, in 2018 compared to 2017 due to decreased operating income primarily driven by the $326.2 million of aforementioned incremental technology and data security costs. the increased costs were partially offset by decreased income tax expense due to lower pre-tax income and the decrease in the statutory u.s. tax rate as a result of the tax act enacted in the fourth quarter of 2017.
consolidated net income increased by $102.9 million, or 21%, in 2017 compared to 2016 due to increased operating income, principally in our international, workforce solutions, and usis businesses, partially offset by the 2017 cybersecurity costs of $114.0 million and lower operating income in the global consumer solutions business. there were also several income tax benefits, consisting principally of the fourth quarter tax benefit related to the tax act and the prospective adoption of the new stock-based compensation guidance in the first quarter of 2017. additionally, there was an increase in other income, primarily due to a 2016 loss on economic hedges, offset by a foreign currency gain on intercompany debt related to the veda transaction which did not recur in 2017.
41
segment financial results u.s. information solutions twelve months ended december 31,       change u.s. information solutions                                                                                2018 vs. 2017                                             2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                              2017                    2016                         $   %                  $                          %
(in millions)
operating revenue:
online information solutions            $877.5                  $889.6                  $879.3            $(12.1      )           (1   )%           $10.3                1   %
mortgage solutions                       153.6                   148.9                   142.2                  4.7        3           %      6.7                        5   %
financial marketing services             216.2                   224.2                   215.0            (8.0        )           (4   )%     9.2                        4   %
total operating revenue               $1,247.3                $1,262.7                $1,236.5            $(15.4      )           (1   )%           $26.2                2   %
% of consolidated revenue                   37    %                 37    %                 39    %
total operating income                  $441.7                  $539.1                  $537.0            $(97.4      )          (18   )%            $2.1                -   %
operating margin                          35.4    %               42.7    %               43.4    %                             (7.3   )pts                           (0.7   )pts u.s. information solutions revenue decreased 1% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to declines in our core credit decisioning services and lower project related revenue as well as the negative impact from the 2017 cybersecurity incident. these declines were partially offset by revenue from a 2018 acquisition, growth in core mortgage, and revenue from mortgage channel partners.
u.s. information solutions revenue increased 2% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to growth in the mortgage and financial verticals, partially offset by a decline in our auto vertical and the impact of the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
online information solutions. revenue for 2018 decreased 1% compared to 2017, due to declines in our core credit decisioning services and identity and fraud solutions revenue. these declines were partially offset by growth from a 2018 acquisition and revenue from mortgage, auto, and direct to consumer channel partners.
revenue for 2017 increased 1% compared to 2016, due to growth in core credit decisioning and identity and fraud solutions.
mortgage solutions.  revenue increased 3% in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to a new product offering. this growth was partially offset by declines in the mortgage market and our other mortgage product offerings.
revenue increased 5% in 2017 compared to 2016, driven by growth in core mortgage, as well as growth from other mortgage product offerings.
financial marketing services.  revenue decreased 4% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to a reduction in projects delivered.
revenue increased 4% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to growth in credit marketing services and project related revenue.
u.s. information solutions operating margin. usis operating margin decreased to 35.4% in 2018 compared to 42.7% in 2017, primarily due to the decrease in revenue and increases in incremental technology and data security costs, royalties, and the public records litigation settlement of $18.5 million. usis operating margin decreased to 42.7% in 2017 compared to 2016 of 43.4%, primarily due to increased people costs, partially offset by product mix.
42
international twelve months ended december 31,                                                                       change
2018 vs. 2017                        2017 vs. 2016
international                             2018                  2017                  2016                         $             %                         $          %
(in millions)
operating revenue:
asia pacific                       $325.6                $308.9                $244.2                $16.7                5   %              $64.7             26     %
europe                              287.3                 273.8                 253.6                 13.5                5   %               20.2              8     %
latin america                       206.6                 213.6                 183.9                 (7.0    )          (3   )%              29.7             16     %
canada                              146.7                 136.0                 121.9                 10.7                8   %               14.1             12     %
total operating revenue            $966.2                $932.3                $803.6                $33.9                4   %             $128.7             16     %
% of consolidated revenue              28    %               28    %               26    %
total operating income             $108.6                $169.4                $111.4               $(60.8    )         (36   )%             $58.0             52     %
operating margin                     11.2    %             18.2    %             13.9    %                             (7.0   )pts                            4.3   pts international revenue increased by 4% in 2018 as compared to 2017. local currency revenue growth for 2018 was 7%, driven by growth across all regions. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $29.5 million, or 3%.
international revenue increased by 16% in 2017 as compared to 2016. local currency organic revenue growth for 2017, excluding veda, was 11%, driven by growth across all regions. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $4.3 million, or 1%.
asia pacific. local currency growth was 8% in 2018 primarily due to the mercury acquisition and growth in our commercial business. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $8.8 million, or 3%, in 2018. reported revenue increased 5% in 2018.
local currency growth was 24% in 2017 primarily due to the veda acquisition. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar positively impacted revenue by $6.1 million, or 3%, in 2017. reported revenue increased 26% in 2017.
europe. local currency revenue growth was 1% in 2018 primarily due to growth in u.k. and spain credit operations revenue and was partially offset by a decline in our debt management services. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar positively impacted revenue by $10.0 million, or 4%, for 2018. reported revenue increased 5% in 2018.
local currency revenue growth was 12% in 2017 primarily due to growth in u.k. debt management services and other growth in the u.k. and spain. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $9.1 million, or 4%, for 2017. reported revenue increased 8% in 2017.
latin america. local currency revenue increased 11% in 2018 driven by core growth primarily in argentina, chile and ecuador. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $30.8 million, or 14%, in 2018, most notably due to depreciation in the foreign exchange rate of the argentine peso. reported revenue decreased 3% in 2018.
local currency revenue increased 18% in 2017 driven by growth primarily in argentina and chile. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $3.9 million, or 2%, in 2017, most notably due to depreciation in the foreign exchange rate of the argentine peso, partially offset by appreciation of the chilean peso. reported revenue increased 16% in 2016.
canada.  local currency revenue increased 8% in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to broad based revenue growth. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $0.1 million in 2018. reported revenue increased 8% in 2018.
local currency revenue increased 9% in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to organic growth. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $2.7 million, or 2%, in 2017. reported revenue increased 12% in 2017.
43
international operating margin.  operating margin decreased to 11.2% in 2018 as compared to 18.2% in 2017. the reduced margin is due to an increase in incremental technology and data security, people, and production costs as well as depreciation and amortization. these increased costs were positively impacted by foreign currency fluctuations during the year. operating margin increased to 18.2% in 2017 as compared to 13.9% in 2016. the increase primarily resulted from a decrease in integration costs related to the veda acquisition, lower growth in people costs, a gain on the sale of an asset, and a slight decrease in purchased intangibles amortization.
workforce solutions twelve months ended december 31,                                                                 change
2018 vs. 2017                     2017 vs. 2016
workforce solutions                       2018                  2017                  2016                      $             %                      $          %
(in millions)
operating revenue:
verification services              $567.0                $501.5                $437.3             $65.5        13          %           $64.2             15     %
employer services                   259.8                 262.7                 264.9              (2.9    )          (1   )%           (2.2    )        (1    )%
total operating revenue            $826.8                $764.2                $702.2             $62.6        8           %           $62.0              9     %
% of consolidated revenue              24    %               23    %               22    %
total operating income             $332.7                $331.9                $295.5              $0.8                -   %           $36.4             12     %
operating margin                     40.2    %             43.4    %             42.1    %                          (3.2   )pts                         1.3   pts workforce solutions revenue increased by 8% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to strong growth in verification services, partially offset by decreased revenue in unemployment claims.
workforce solutions revenue increased by 9% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to strong growth in the government, mortgage, financial and pre-employment screening verticals, partially offset by the impact of the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
verification services.  revenue increased 13% in 2018 compared to 2017, due to strong growth in government, mortgage, talent solutions, and healthcare verticals, and continued addition of new records to the work number database.
revenue increased 15% in 2017 compared to 2016, due to strong growth in government, mortgage, financial, pre-employment screening and telecommunications verticals, and continued addition of new records to the work number database.
employer services.  revenue decreased 1% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to declines in our unemployment claims services, workforce analytics and our other employer services. these declines were partially offset by growth from our 2018 acquisitions.
revenue decreased 1% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to a decline in our employment based tax credit services and workforce analytics offset by an increase in our on-boarding and unemployment claims services.
workforce solutions operating margin.  operating margin decreased 320 basis points to 40.2% in 2018 compared to 43.4% in 2017 due to increases in people, incremental technology and data security, and royalty costs. these increases were partially offset by the additional margin generated from increased revenue. operating margin increased 130 basis points to 43.4% in 2017 compared to 42.1% in 2016 due to revenue growth and product mix, offset by increased people costs.
44
global consumer solutions twelve months ended december 31,      change global consumer solutions                                                                       2018 vs. 2017                          2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                       2017                  2016                        $   %                  $                 %
(in millions)
total operating revenue            $371.8                $403.0                $402.6           $(31.2      )           (8   )%        $0.4                -      %
% of consolidated revenue              11    %               12    %               13    %
total operating income              $68.6                $106.2                $112.4           $(37.6      )          (35   )%        $(6.2     )         (6     )%
operating margin                     18.4    %             26.4    %             27.9    %                            (8.0   )pts                          (1.5   )pts revenue decreased 8% for 2018 in reported and local currency revenue, as compared to 2017. the decrease in revenue is due to a decrease in our consumer direct revenue in the u.s. and u.k. as we ceased advertising our consumer paid products in the u.s. in september 2017 following the 2017 cybersecurity incident and were impacted by the global data protection regulations in the u.k. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in our partner revenue, which includes revenue from the id watchdog acquisition. we resumed advertising our u.s. consumer paid products in the fourth quarter of 2018 and expect to see the related benefit starting in 2019. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar positively impacted revenue by $1.2 million for 2018.
operating margin decreased in 2018 to 18.4% compared to 26.4% in 2017, due to the decreased revenue and an increase in incremental technology and data security costs which were partially offset by decreased advertising costs.
revenue was flat for 2017 compared to 2016. local currency revenue grew 1% in 2017, due to an increase in our partner revenue, which includes revenue from the id watchdog acquisition. the increase in revenue was offset by a decrease in our global consumer direct revenue, primarily in the u.s., as we ceased advertising our consumer business in the u.s. in september 2017 following the 2017 cybersecurity incident. local currency fluctuations against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted revenue by $1.8 million for 2017.
operating margin decreased in 2017 to 26.4% as compared to 27.9% in the prior year, due to higher technology costs, product mix, and higher depreciation and acquisition costs, partially offset by lower advertising expenses.
general corporate expense twelve months ended december 31,                                change
2018 vs. 2017                      2017 vs. 2016
general corporate expense   2018                 2017                  2016                     $                     %            $                   %
(in millions)
general corporate expense       $503.6                $314.8                $231.3              $188.8           60        %       $83.5          36        %
our general corporate expenses are unallocated costs that are incurred at the corporate level and include those expenses impacted by corporate direction, including shared services, technology, administrative, legal, restructuring, and the portion of management incentive compensation determined by total company-wide performance.
general corporate expense increased $188.8 million in 2018. we incurred increased incremental technology and data security costs following the announcement of the 2017 cybersecurity incident of $186.7 million in 2018. this was partially offset by a decrease in legal and investigative fees and the costs to fulfill and support the free credit monitoring service provided to eligible consumers of $75.2 million in 2018. further, we benefited from an increase in the recognition of insurance proceeds of $75.0 million to offset these costs in 2018, versus the $50.0 million of insurance proceeds recorded in 2017. additionally, we recorded $46.1 million of restructuring charges in 2018 which primarily relate to a reduction of headcount. the remaining increase is due to people and insurance costs.
general corporate expense increased $83.5 million in 2017 primarily due to $109.4 million of costs related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
45
liquidity and financial condition management assesses liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund operating, investing and financing activities. we continue to generate substantial cash from operating activities, remain in a strong financial position, and manage our capital structure to meet short- and long-term objectives including reinvestment in existing businesses and strategic acquisitions.
sources and uses of cash funds generated by operating activities, our commercial paper program, our revolver and our receivables facility, more fully described below, are our most significant sources of liquidity. we expect that funds generated by operating activities will be sufficient to finance our anticipated working capital and other cash requirements (such as ongoing capital expenditures associated with near-term actions to enhance technology systems and data security, legal fees and other professional service costs associated with the 2017 cybersecurity incident, interest payments, debt payments, potential pension funding contributions and dividend payments) for the foreseeable future. however, currently it is not possible to estimate the amount of loss or range of possible loss that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties, or other resolution of the proceedings and investigations resulting from the 2017 cybersecurity incident. such potential payments, if great enough, could have an adverse effect on our liquidity. in this case, funds generated from operating activities and our credit facilities may not be sufficient to pay such damages, costs, penalties and fines. see "item 1a. risk factors-the government investigations and litigation resulting from the 2017 cybersecurity incident will continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations" and "item 3. legal proceedings" in the form 10-k. at december 31, 2018, $1.08 billion was available to borrow under our revolver. as of december 31, 2018, $209.8 million was available to borrow under our receivables facility. in the event that additional financing is needed, we would finance using the public and private corporate bond markets and/or syndicated loan markets, if available.
fund transfer limitations. the ability of certain of our subsidiaries and associated companies to transfer funds to the u.s may be limited, in some cases, by certain restrictions imposed by foreign governments. these restrictions do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially limit our ability to service our indebtedness, meet our current obligations or pay dividends. as of december 31, 2018, we held $124.7 million of cash in our foreign subsidiaries.
information about our cash flows, by category, is presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows. the following table summarizes our cash flows for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:
twelve months ended december 31,                                  change net cash provided by (used in):   2018                 2017                  2016                       2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
operating activities                  $672.2                $816.0                $823.0                $(143.8       )         $(7.0         )
investing activities                  $(461.5     )         $(349.5     )         $(1,975.9     )       $(112.0       )         $1,626.4
financing activities                  $(311.0     )         $(263.7     )         $1,160.3              $(47.3        )         $(1,424.0     )
operating activities cash provided by operating activities for 2018 decreased by $143.8 million compared to 2017, due to the decrease in net income, adjusted for depreciation and amortization. this decrease was partially offset by an improvement in our working capital and the change in deferred income taxes.
cash provided by operating activities for 2017 decreased by $7.0 million compared to 2016, due to an increase in working capital mostly driven by an increase in other assets, current and long-term and slower growth in current and long-term liabilities, excluding debt. additionally we incurred significant costs related to the 2017 cybersecurity incident. these decreases were partially offset by growth in net income, slower growth in accounts receivable, net and an increase in depreciation and amortization.
46
investing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                change net cash used in:       2018                 2017                  2016                     2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
capital expenditures*       $(321.9     )         $(218.2     )         $(173.5     )       $(103.7       )         $(44.7        )
*amounts above are total cash outflows for capital expenditures.
our capital expenditures are used for developing, enhancing and deploying new and existing software in support of our expanding product set, replacing or adding equipment, updating systems for regulatory compliance, licensing of standard software applications, investing in system reliability, security and disaster recovery enhancements, and updating or expanding our office facilities.
capital expenditures in 2018 and 2017 increased from 2017 and 2016, respectively, as we are continuing to invest in enhanced technology systems, infrastructure and data security after the 2017 cybersecurity incident.
acquisitions, divestitures and investments twelve months ended december 31,                                  change net cash provided by (used in):                2018                 2017                  2016                       2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                 $(138.3     )         $(139.9     )         $(1,791.6     )       $1.6                    $1,651.7
cash received from sale of asset                   $5.6                  $8.6                  $-                    $(3.0         )         $8.6
investment in unconsolidated affiliates, net       $(6.9       )         $-                    $-                    $(6.9         )         $-
2018 acquisitions and investments. during 2018, we completed acquisitions in our workforce solutions and international segments as well as datax ltd. in the third quarter of 2018 in our usis segment.
2017 acquisitions and investments. during the fourth quarter of 2017, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of mercury group of companies pty ltd ("mercury"), an australian-owned workforce management company. during the third quarter of 2017, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding stock of id watchdog, inc.
2016 acquisitions and investments. during the first quarter of 2016, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the ordinary voting shares of veda for cash consideration of approximately $1.7 billion. during the first quarter of 2016, we settled all of the foreign currency options related to the veda acquisition on the respective settlement dates for a net cash payment of $10.8 million. during the third quarter of 2016, the company completed the acquisition of barnett and computersoft.
for additional information about our acquisitions, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
financing activities twelve months ended december 31,                                  change net cash provided by (used in):            2018                 2017                  2016                       2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
net short-term (repayments) borrowings         $(959.2     )         $252.4                $73.0                 $(1,211.6     )         $179.4
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt       $994.5                $100.0                $1,574.7              $894.5                  $(1,474.7     )
payments on long-term debt                     $(100.0     )         $(322.5     )         $(350.0       )       $222.5                  $27.5
credit facility availability.  in september 2018, the company entered into a $1.10 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of financial institutions, which will mature in september 2023 (the "revolver"). the revolver replaced the company's previous $900.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature in november 2020. borrowings under the revolver may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchase programs. the revolver has an accordion feature that allows us to
47
request an increase in the total commitment to $1.60 billion. the revolver includes an option to request a maximum of two one-year extensions of the maturity date, any time after the first anniversary of the revolver closing. we believe we are currently in compliance with all representations and warranties necessary as a condition for borrowing under the revolver, but we cannot assure that we will be able to comply with all such conditions to borrowing in the future. availability of the revolver is reduced by the outstanding principal balance of our commercial paper notes and by any letters of credit issued under the facility.
our $900.0 million commercial paper ("cp") program has been established to allow for borrowing through the private placement of cp with maturities ranging from overnight to 397 days. we may use the proceeds of cp for general corporate purposes. the cp program is supported by our revolver and the total amount of cp which may be issued is reduced by the amount of any outstanding borrowings under our revolver.
at december 31, 2018, the company had no borrowings outstanding of cp, $15.50 million of letters of credit outstanding and no borrowings outstanding under the revolver. at december 31, 2018, a total of $1.08 billion was available under the revolver.
at december 31, 2018, approximately 89% of our debt was fixed rate and 11% was variable rate. our variable-rate debt consists of the floating rate notes. the interest rate resets periodically, based on the terms of the respective financing arrangement. at december 31, 2018, the interest rate on our variable-rate debt was 3.5%.
borrowing and repayment activity.  net short-term (repayments) borrowings primarily represent repayments or borrowings of outstanding amounts under our cp program. we primarily borrow under our cp program as needed and as availability allows.
the increase in net short-term (repayments) borrowings primarily relates to the net activity of cp notes in 2017.
in may 2018, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.6% senior notes due 2021 (the "2021 notes"), $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.95% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 notes"), and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount floating rate notes due 2021 (the "floating rate notes") in an underwritten public offering. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our revolver, our prior $800.0 million three-year delayed draw term loan facility ("term loan") and our cp program.
on may 12, 2016, we issued $500.0 million principal amount of 2.3%, five-year senior notes and $275.0 million principal amount of 3.25%, ten-year senior notes in an underwritten public offering. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year. the net proceeds of the sale of the notes were used to repay borrowings under our previous 364-day revolver and a portion of the borrowings under our commercial paper program incurred to finance the acquisition of veda.
payments on long-term debt in 2017 reflect $272.5 million of payments related to senior notes, as well as $50.0 million of payments on the term loan. borrowings on long-term debt reflect an $800.0 million draw down in the first quarter of 2016 on our term loan facility and the issuance of $500.0 million of senior notes due 2021 and $275.0 million of senior notes due 2026 during the second quarter of 2016, as discussed above.
in the fourth quarter of 2017, equifax entered into a $225 million, 2-year receivables funding facility (the receivables facility), which had an original maturity in 2019. in november 2018, we amended the receivables facility to extend the maturity to november 2020. under the receivables facility, equifax sells the eligible third-party receivables of its u.s. based business, to equifax receivables funding llc, a consolidated, wholly-owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary that may subsequently transfer, without recourse, an undivided interest in accounts receivable to investors. the investors have no recourse to the company's other assets except for customary warranty and indemnity claims. creditors of equifax do not have recourse to the assets of equifax receivables funding llc.
debt covenants.  a downgrade in credit ratings would increase the cost of borrowings under our cp program and revolver, and could limit or, in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue cp. the outstanding indentures and comparable instruments contain customary covenants including, for example, limits on mortgages, liens and sale/leaseback transactions. in addition, the revolver requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of not more than 3.5 to 1.0. none of these covenants are considered restrictive to our operations and, as of december 31, 2018, the company was in compliance with all of our debt covenants.
48
the company does not have any credit rating triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of the outstanding debt; however, the 2.3% senior notes due 2021, 3.6% senior notes due 2021, floating rate notes due 2021, 3.3% senior notes due 2022, 3.95% senior notes due 2023, 3.25% senior notes due 2026 and 7.0% senior notes due 2037 (together, the "senior notes") contain change in control provisions. if the company experiences a change of control or publicly announces the company's intention to effect a change of control and the rating on the senior notes is lowered by standard & poor's, or s&p, and moody's investors service, or moody's, below an investment grade rating within 60 days of such change of control or notice thereof, then the company will be required to offer to repurchase the senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes plus accrued and unpaid interest.
credit ratings. credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, s&p and moody's, use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
long-term ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be "investment grade." at december 31, 2018, the long-term ratings for our obligations were bbb+ with a negative outlook for s&p and baa1 with a stable outlook for moody's. a downgrade in our credit rating would increase the cost of borrowings under our cp program and revolver, and could limit, or in the case of a significant downgrade, preclude our ability to issue cp. if our credit ratings were to decline to lower levels, we could experience increases in the interest cost for any new debt. in addition, the market's demand for, and thus our ability to readily issue, new debt could become further affected by the economic and credit market environment. these ratings are subject to change as events and circumstances change.
for additional information about our debt, including the terms of our financing arrangements, basis for variable interest rates and debt covenants, see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
equity transactions twelve months ended december 31,                                change net cash provided by (used in):                   2018                 2017                  2016                     2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
treasury stock purchases                              $-                    $(77.1      )         $-                  $77.1                   $(77.1        )
dividends paid to equifax shareholders                $(187.9     )         $(187.4     )         $(157.6     )       $(0.5         )         $(29.8        )
dividends paid to noncontrolling interests            $(10.3      )         $(8.4       )         $(5.8       )       $(1.9         )         $(2.6         )
proceeds from exercise of stock options               $11.8                 $19.2                 $31.5               $(7.4         )         $(12.3        )
purchase of redeemable noncontrolling interests       $(30.9      )         $(2.6       )         $(3.6       )       $(28.3        )         $1.0
sources and uses of cash related to equity during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
•   we did not repurchase any shares in 2018 and 2016. under share repurchase programs authorized by our board of directors, we repurchased 0.5 million common shares during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, for $77.1 million, at an average price per common share of $143.88. as of december 31, 2018, under the existing board authorization, the company is approved for additional stock repurchases valued at $590.1 million.
•   during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we paid cash dividends to equifax shareholders of $187.9 million, $187.4 million and $157.6 million, respectively, at $1.56 per share for 2018 and 2017, and $1.32 per share for 2016.
we anticipate continuing the payment of quarterly cash dividends. the actual amount of such dividends is subject to declaration by our board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial
49
condition and other relevant factors. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends at current levels or at all.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2018. the table excludes commitments that are contingent based on events or factors uncertain at this time. some of the excluded commitments are discussed below the footnotes to the table.
payments due by total            less than 1 year             1 to 3 years             3 to 5 years              thereafter
(in millions)
debt (including capitalized lease obligation) (1)                               $2,654.9                    $4.9                  $1,100.0                   $900.0                   $650.0
operating leases (2)                                                               192.2                    32.5                      55.1                     42.5                     62.1
data processing, outsourcing agreements and other purchase obligations (3)         163.6                   105.2                      30.8                     13.6                     14.0
other long-term liabilities (4) (5)                                                136.9                     9.7                      18.5                     19.4                     89.3
interest payments (6)                                                              691.5                   100.1                     185.5                    109.1                    296.8
$3,839.1                  $252.4                  $1,389.9                 $1,084.6                 $1,112.2
(1)   the amounts are gross of unamortized discounts totaling $19.4 million at december 31, 2018. total debt on our consolidated balance sheets is net of the unamortized discounts and fair value adjustments. there were no fair value adjustments to our debt at december 31, 2018.
(2)   our operating lease obligations principally involve office space and equipment, which include the ground lease associated with our headquarters building that expires in 2048.
(3)   these agreements primarily represent our minimum contractual obligations for services that we outsource associated with our computer data processing operations and related functions, and certain administrative functions. these agreements expire between 2019 and 2026.
(4)   these long-term liabilities primarily relate to obligations associated with certain pension, postretirement and other compensation-related plans, some of which are discounted in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. we made certain assumptions about the timing of such future payments. in the table above, we have not included amounts related to future pension plan obligations, as such required funding amounts beyond 2019 have not been deemed necessary due to our current expectations regarding future plan asset performance.
(5)   this table excludes $24.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
(6)   for future interest payments on variable-rate debt, which bears a rate equal to three-month libor on the interest determination date plus 0.87% per annum, we used the variable rate in effect at december 31, 2018 to calculate these payments. our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2018, consisted of the floating rate notes. the variable rate at december 31, 2018 was 3.5%. future interest payments may be different depending on future borrowing activity and interest rates.
off-balance sheet transactions we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing activities.
pursuant to the terms of certain industrial revenue bonds, we have transferred title to certain of our fixed assets with total costs of $156.4 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 to a local governmental authority in the u.s. to receive a property tax abatement related to economic development. the title to these assets will revert back to us upon retirement or cancellation of the applicable bonds. these fixed assets are still recognized on the company's consolidated balance sheets as all risks and rewards related to the assets remain with the company.
50
letters of credit and guarantees we will from time to time issue standby letters of credit, performance or surety bonds or other guarantees in the normal course of business. the aggregate notional amount of all performance and surety bonds and standby letters of credit was not material at december 31, 2018, and generally have a remaining maturity of one year or less. guarantees are issued from time to time to support the needs of our operating units. the maximum potential future payments we could be required to make under the guarantees is not material at december 31, 2018.
benefit plans we sponsor a qualified defined benefit retirement plan (the u.s. retirement income plan, or usrip) that covers approximately 12% of current u.s. salaried employees who were hired on or before june 30, 2007, the last date on which an individual could be hired and enter the plan before the usrip was closed to new participation at december 31, 2008. this plan also covers retirees as well as certain terminated but vested individuals not yet in retirement status. we also sponsor a retirement plan with both defined benefit and defined contribution components that cover most salaried and hourly employees in canada (the canadian retirement income plan, or crip); the defined benefit component was also closed to new hires on october 1, 2011.
during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, we made voluntary contributions of $30.0 million to the usrip and made contributions of $0.4 million to the crip. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, we did not make any contributions to the usrip and made contributions of $1.5 million to the crip. at december 31, 2018, the usrip met or exceeded erisa's minimum funding requirements. in the future, we will make minimum funding contributions as required and may make discretionary contributions, depending on certain circumstances, including market conditions and liquidity needs. we believe additional funding contributions, if any, would not prevent us from continuing to meet our liquidity needs, which are primarily funded from cash flows generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and our credit facilities.
for our non-u.s., tax-qualified retirement plans, we fund an amount sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements but no more than allowed as a tax deduction pursuant to applicable tax regulations. for the non-qualified supplementary retirement plans, we fund the benefits as they are paid to retired participants, but accrue the associated expense and liabilities in accordance with gaap.
for additional information about our benefit plans, see note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
effects of inflation and changes in foreign currency exchange rates equifax's operating results are not materially affected by inflation, although inflation may result in increases in the company's expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the price of services offered. to the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects upon the securities markets and upon the value of financial instruments, it may adversely affect the company's financial position and profitability.
a portion of the company's business is conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar can therefore affect the value of non-u.s. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies are closely monitored. we generally do not mitigate the risks associated with fluctuating exchange rates, although we may from time to time through forward contracts or other derivative instruments hedge a portion of our translational foreign currency exposure or exchange rate risks associated with material transactions which are denominated in a foreign currency.
recent accounting pronouncements for information about new accounting pronouncements and the potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report.
51
application of critical accounting policies and estimates the company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. this requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements. the following accounting policies involve critical accounting estimates because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by management about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made. in addition, while we have used our best estimates based on facts and circumstances available to us at the time, different estimates reasonably could have been used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimates that we used are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, either of which may have a material impact on the presentation of our consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, and statements of comprehensive income (loss). we also have other significant accounting policies which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that are relevant to understanding our results. for additional information about these policies, see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report. although we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available at the time. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions.
revenue recognition in accordance with asc 606, "revenue from contracts with customers," we recognize revenue when a performance obligation has been satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to a customer and the customer obtains control of the good or service. in order to recognize revenue, we note that the two parties must have an agreement that creates enforceable rights, the performance obligations must be distinct and the transaction price can be determined. our revenue is derived from the provision of information services to our customers on a transactional basis, in which distinct services are delivered over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services delivered. to measure our performance over time, the output method is utilized to measure the value to the customer based on the transfer to date of the services promised, with no rights of return once consumed. in these cases, revenue on transactional contracts with a defined price but an undefined quantity is recognized utilizing the right to invoice expedient resulting in revenue being recognized when the service is provided and billed. additionally, multi-year contracts with an defined price but an undefined quantity that utilize tier pricing would be defined as a series of distinct performance obligations satisfied over time utilizing the same method of measurement, the output method, with no rights of return once consumed. this measurement method is applied on a monthly basis resulting in revenue being recognized when the service is provided and billed.
additionally, we recognize revenue from subscription-based contracts under which a customer pays a preset fee for a predetermined or unlimited number of transactions or services provided during the subscription period, generally one year. revenue from subscription-based contracts having a preset number of transactions is recognized as the services are provided, using an effective transaction rate as the actual transactions are delivered. any remaining revenue related to unfulfilled units is not recognized until the end of the related contract's subscription period. revenue from subscription-based contracts having an unlimited volume is recognized ratably during the contract term. multi-year subscription contracts are analyzed to determine the full contract transaction price over the term of the contract and the subsequent price is ratably recognized over the full term of the contract.
revenue is recorded net of sales taxes.
if at the outset of an arrangement, we determine that collectibility is not reasonably assured, revenue is deferred until the earlier of when collectibility becomes probable or the receipt of payment from the customer. if there is uncertainty as to the customer's acceptance of the performance obligation, revenue is not recognized until the earlier of receipt of customer acceptance or expiration of the acceptance period.
we sell certain offerings that contain multiple performance obligations. these obligations may include consumer or commercial information, file updates for certain solutions, services provided by our decisioning technologies personnel, training services, statistical models and other services. in order to account for each of these obligations separately, the delivered promises within our contracts must meet the criterion to be considered distinct performance obligations to our customer. if we determine that the arrangement does not contain separate distinct obligations, the performance obligations are bundled together until a distinct obligation is achieved. this may lead to the arrangement consideration being recognized as the final contract obligation is delivered to our customer or ratably over the term of the contract.
some of our arrangements with multiple performance obligations involve the delivery of services generated by a combination of services provided by one or more of our operating segments. no individual information service impacts the
52
value or usage of other information services included in an arrangement and each service can be sold alone or, in most cases, purchased from another vendor without affecting the quality of use or value to the customer of the other information services included in the arrangement. some of our products require the installation of interfaces or platforms by our technology personnel that allow our customers to interact with our proprietary information databases. these installation services do not meet the requirement for being distinct, thus any related installation fees are deferred when billed and are recognized over the expected period that the customer will benefit from the related services. revenue from the delivery of one-time files and models is recognized as the service is provided and accepted, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. the direct costs of installation of a customer are capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the identifiable asset.
we record revenue on a net basis for those sales in which we have in substance acted as an agent or broker in the transaction and therefore do not have control.
in certain instances within our debt collections and recovery management services in our international operating segment and within our workforce solutions operating segment, variable consideration is constrained due to the fact that the revenue is contingent on a particular outcome. within our debt collections and recovery management businesses, revenue is calculated as a percentage of debt collected on behalf of the customer and, as such, is primarily recognized when the debt is collected assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. within our workforce solutions operating segment, the fees for certain of our tax credits and incentives revenue are based on a percentage of the credit delivered to our clients. revenue for these arrangements is recognized based on the achievement of milestones, upon calculation of the credit, approval from a regulatory agency or when the credit is utilized by our client, depending on the provisions of the client contract.
judgments and uncertainties - each performance obligation within a contract must be considered separately to ensure that appropriate accounting is performed for these distinct goods or services. these considerations include assessing the price at which the element is sold compared to its standalone selling price; concluding when the element will be delivered; evaluating collectability; and determining whether any contingencies exist in the related customer contract that impact the prices paid to us for the services.
contract balances - the contract balances are generated when revenue recognized varies from billing in a given period. a contract asset is created when an entity transfers a good or service to a customer and recognizes more revenue than what has been billed. as of december 31, 2018, the contract asset balance was $7.3 million. a contract liability is created when an entity transfers a good or service to a customer and recognizes less than what has been billed. deferred revenue is recognized when we have an obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer and have already received consideration from the customer. we generally expect to recognize our deferred revenue as revenue within twelve months of being recorded based on the terms of the contracts.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we review goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment annually (as of september 30) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance or trends, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. we have seven reporting units comprised of usis, asia pacific, europe, latin america, canada, global consumer solutions ("gcs"), and workforce solutions. effective september 30, 2018, the verification services and employer services reporting units were aggregated into a single reporting unit to better reflect the shared value and integration of the two businesses. prior to aggregation, we assessed the recoverability of goodwill for verification services and employer services separately and determined that there was no impairment for the reporting units.
53
the goodwill balance at december 31, 2018, for our seven reporting units was as follows:
december 31,
2018
(in millions)
u.s. information solutions       1,128.9
asia pacific                     1,416.8
europe                             155.0
latin america                      227.9
canada                              45.0
global consumer solutions          185.9
workforce solutions                970.2
total goodwill                  $4,129.7
we performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing was necessary for our usis, europe, latin america, canada, gcs, and workforce solutions reporting units. in this qualitative assessment, we considered the following items for each of the reporting units: macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other entity specific events. in addition, for each of these reporting units, the most recent fair value determination resulted in an amount that significantly exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting units. based on these assessments, we determined the likelihood that a current fair value determination would be less than the current carrying amount of the reporting unit is not more likely than not. as a result of our conclusions, no further testing was required for these reporting units.
valuation techniques we performed a quantitative assessment for our asia pacific reporting unit to determine whether impairment exists as the veda transaction, which comprises the majority of our asia pacific reporting unit, was only completed approximately two years ago and due to the size of the cushion for the reporting unit in relation to our other reporting units. in determining the fair value of the reporting unit, we used a combination of the income and market approaches to estimate the reporting unit's business enterprise value.
under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on estimated future discounted cash flows which require assumptions about short and long-term revenue growth rates, operating margins for each reporting unit, discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates and estimates of capital charges. the assumptions we use are based on what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of revenue or earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, for benchmark companies or guideline transactions. we believe the guideline transaction used for our asia pacific reporting unit serves as an appropriate input for calculating a fair value for the reporting unit as the transaction multiples are similar to other guideline transactions that have been recently completed in our industry. competition for our asia pacific reporting unit generally includes global consumer credit reporting companies, such as experian, which offer a product suite similar to the reporting unit's credit reporting solutions.
the values separately derived from each of the income and market approach valuation techniques were used to develop an overall estimate of a reporting unit's fair value. we use a consistent approach across all reporting units when considering the weight of the income and market approaches for calculating the fair value of each of our reporting units. this approach relies more heavily on the calculated fair value derived from the income approach, with 70% of the value coming from the income approach. we believe this approach is consistent with that of a market participant in valuing prospective purchase business combinations. the selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a higher or lower fair value. judgment is applied in determining the weightings that are most representative of fair value.
we have not made any material changes to the valuation methodology we use to assess goodwill impairment since the date of the last annual impairment test.
growth assumptions the assumptions for our future cash flows begin with our historical operating performance, the details of which are described in our management's discussion & analysis of operating performance. additionally, we consider the impact that
54
known economic, industry and market trends will have on our future forecasts, as well as the impact that we expect from planned business initiatives including new product initiatives, client service and retention standards, and cost management programs. at the end of the forecast period, the long-term growth rate we used to determine the terminal value of our asia pacific reporting unit was 4.85% based on management's assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of the reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as gdp, inflation and the maturity of the markets we serve.
we projected revenue growth in 2019 for our asia pacific reporting unit in completing our 2018 impairment testing based on planned business initiatives and prevailing trends exhibited by this unit and not based on the assumption of meaningful acceleration in economic growth. the anticipated revenue growth in this reporting unit, however, is partially offset by assumed increases in expenses for the reporting unit which reflects the additional level of investment needed in order to achieve the planned revenue growth. the reporting unit will also incur increased costs related to our technology transformation.
discount rate assumptions we utilize a weighted average cost of capital, or wacc, in our impairment analysis that makes assumptions about the capital structure that we believe a market participant would make and include a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows for the reporting unit. we believe this approach yields a discount rate that is consistent with an implied rate of return that a market participant would require for an investment in a company having similar risks and business characteristics to the reporting unit being assessed. to calculate the wacc, the cost of equity and cost of debt are multiplied by the assumed capital structure of the reporting unit as compared to industry trends and relevant benchmark company structures. the cost of equity was computed using the capital asset pricing model which considers the risk-free interest rate, beta, equity risk premium and specific company risk premium related to a particular reporting unit. the cost of debt was computed using a benchmark rate and the company's tax rate. for the 2018 annual goodwill impairment evaluation, the discount rate used to develop the estimated fair value of the asia pacific reporting unit was 9.3%.
estimated fair value and sensitivities the estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived from the valuation techniques described above, incorporating the related projections and assumptions. an indication of possible impairment occurs when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is below the carrying value of its equity. the estimated fair value for our asia pacific reporting unit exceeded the related carrying value as of september 30, 2018. as a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded.
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in these projections and assumptions; therefore, in some instances changes in these assumptions could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. for example, an increase in the discount rate and decline in the projected cumulative cash flow of a reporting unit could cause the fair value of certain reporting units to be below its carrying value. we perform sensitivity analyses around these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values. ultimately, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. our asia pacific reporting unit primarily represents our recently completed acquisition of veda. due to the recency of this acquisition and its overall significance to the reporting unit, asia pacific is more sensitive to changes in the assumptions noted above that could result in a fair value that is less than its carrying value. the excess of fair value over carrying value for the asia pacific reporting unit as of september 30, 2018 was 9%.
loss contingencies we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of our business. we determine whether to disclose and/or accrue for loss contingencies based on our assessment of whether the potential loss is estimable, probable, reasonably possible or remote.
in the third quarter of 2017, we announced a cybersecurity incident potentially impacting u.s., canadian and u.k. consumers. as a result of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we are subject to a significant number of proceedings and investigations as described in "item 3. legal proceedings" in the form 10-k. while we believe it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses associated with such proceedings and investigations, it is not possible at this time to estimate the amount of loss or range of possible loss that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolution of the proceedings and investigations based on the various stages of these proceedings and investigations, that alleged damages have not been specified or are uncertain, the uncertainty as to the certification of a class or classes and the size of any certified class, as applicable, and the lack of resolution on significant factual and legal issues. the company will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. the company believes that the ultimate amount paid on
55
these actions, claims and investigations could be material to the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods.
judgments and uncertainties - we periodically review claims and legal proceedings and assess whether we have potential financial exposure based on consultation with internal and outside legal counsel and other advisors. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome from any claim or legal proceeding is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability on our consolidated balance sheets for the estimated amount. if the likelihood of an adverse outcome is reasonably possible, but not probable, we provide disclosures related to the potential loss contingency. our assumptions related to loss contingencies are inherently subjective.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - with the exception of the 2017 cybersecurity incident, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine loss contingencies. however, if facts and circumstances change in the future that change our belief regarding assumptions used to determine our estimates, we may be exposed to a loss that could be material.
income taxes we record deferred income taxes using enacted tax laws and rates for the years in which the taxes are expected to be paid. we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income or other tax planning strategies. to the extent that we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount we estimate will be recoverable.
our income tax provisions are based on assumptions and calculations which will be subject to examination by various tax authorities. we record tax benefits for positions in which we believe are more likely than not of being sustained under such examinations. we assess the potential outcome of such examinations to determine the adequacy of our income tax accruals.
judgments and uncertainties - we consider accounting for income taxes critical because management is required to make significant judgments in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our future taxable income for purposes of assessing our ability to realize any future benefit from our deferred tax assets. these judgments and estimates are affected by our expectations of future taxable income, mix of earnings among different taxing jurisdictions, and timing of the reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we also use our judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that we will sustain positions that we have taken on tax returns and, if so, the amount of benefit to initially recognize within our financial statements. we review our uncertain tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law. these adjustments to our unrecognized tax benefits may affect our income tax expense. settlement of uncertain tax positions may require use of our cash. at december 31, 2018, $24.9 million was recorded for uncertain tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of which it is reasonably possible that up to $4.1 million of our unrecognized tax benefit may change within the next twelve months.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in income tax expense that could be material.
pension and other postretirement plans we consider accounting for our u.s. and canadian pension and other postretirement plans critical because management is required to make significant subjective judgments about a number of actuarial assumptions, which include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, interest cost and mortality and retirement rates. actuarial valuations are used in determining our benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost.
during 2018, we adopted the new mp-2018 mortality improvement projection scale in determining the liability for the u.s. pension plan. this updated scale, along with the change in the discount rate, contributed to a decrease in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018.
during 2017, we adopted the new mp-2017 mortality improvement projection scale in determining the liability for the u.s. pension plan. this updated scale partially offset the decrease in the discount rate in 2017, the net of which resulted in the increase in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017.
56
during 2016, we adopted the new mp-2016 mortality improvement projection scale in determining the liability for the u.s. pension plan. this updated scale partially offset the decrease in the discount rate in 2016, the net of which resulted in the increase in the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2016.
judgments and uncertainties - we believe that the most significant assumptions related to our net periodic benefit cost are (1) the discount rate and (2) the expected return on plan assets, in each case as it relates to our u.s. pension plan. our canadian plan is not significant, and the impact of changes in assumptions for that plan is not material.
we determine our discount rates primarily based on high-quality, fixed-income investments and yield-to-maturity analysis specific to our estimated future benefit payments available as of the measurement date. discount rates are updated annually on the measurement date to reflect current market conditions. we use a third-party yield curve to develop our discount rates. the yield curve provides discount rates related to a dedicated high-quality bond portfolio whose cash flows extend beyond the current period, from which we choose a rate matched to the expected benefit payments required for each plan.
the expected rate of return on plan assets is based on both our historical returns and forecasted future investment returns by asset class, as provided by our external investment advisor. in 2018, our u.s. pension plan investment loss of 3.2% was below the expected return of 7.25%. the expected return for the usrip for 2019 is 6.70% following asset allocation changes that resulted in higher allocation to fixed income securities. the crip investment loss was 1.3% in 2018 versus the expected return of 6.0%. the expected return for the crip for 2019 is 6.0%. our weighted-average expected rate of return for both plans for 2018 is 7.14% which is consistent with the 2017 expected rate.
annual differences, if any, between the expected and actual returns on plan assets are included in unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss, a component of other comprehensive income. in calculating the annual amortization of the unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss, we use a market-related value of assets that smooths actual investment gains and losses on plan assets over a period up to five years. the resulting unrecognized net actuarial gain or loss amount is recognized in net periodic pension expense over the average remaining life expectancy of the participant group since almost all participants are inactive. the market-related value of our assets was $563.3 million at december 31, 2018. we do not expect our 2019 net periodic benefit cost, which includes the effect of the market-related value of assets, to be materially different than our 2018 cost. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on changes in the pension benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions - we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions that are used in our actuarial valuations. adjusting our weighted-average expected long-term rate of return (7.14% at december 31, 2018) by 50 basis points would change our estimated pension expense in 2018 by approximately $2.8 million. adjusting our weighted-average discount rate (4.39% at december 31, 2018) by 50 basis points would change our estimated pension expense in 2018 by approximately $1.1 million. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in pension expense, pension liability or unrecognized prior service cost and actuarial gains (losses) that could be material.
57
