item 1a.    risk factors our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. an investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and in our other filings with the sec. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. in that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. in addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this annual report on form 10-k or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in part i above.
business and operating risks if we do not introduce new and differentiated products in a timely manner, our products may become more susceptible to competition or technologically obsolete and our operating results may suffer.
the cardiovascular products industry is characterized by technological changes, frequent new product introductions, and evolving industry standards. without the timely introduction of new and differentiated products, our products could become more susceptible to competition or technologically obsolete and our revenue and operating results would suffer. even if we are able to develop new or differentiated products, our ability to market them could be limited by the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement, or other factors. we devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. accordingly, products we are currently developing may not complete the development process or obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all.
technical innovations often require substantial time and investment before we can determine their commercial viability. we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund all of these projects. in addition, even if we are able to successfully develop new or differentiated products, they may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development, and they may be rendered obsolete or less competitive by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products with newer technologies or features or other factors.
we may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products.
we use a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items from third party vendors in the design and manufacture of our products. our surgical structural heart, transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies products are manufactured from treated natural animal tissue and man-made materials. our non-implantable products are manufactured from man-made raw materials including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. we purchase certain of the materials and components used in the manufacture of our products from external suppliers, and we
9
purchase certain supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. we also contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. general economic conditions could adversely affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components used in the manufacture of our products. while we work closely with suppliers to monitor their financial viability, assure continuity of supply, and maintain high quality and reliability, these efforts may not be successful. in addition, due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the fda and foreign regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products (including the need for approval of any change in supply arrangements), we may have difficulty establishing additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all if the need arises. certain suppliers may also elect to no longer service medical technology companies due to the high amount of requirements and regulation. although alternative supplier options are considered and identified, we typically do not pursue regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory validation process. a change in suppliers could require significant effort or investment in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to product performance or incorporate unique technology, and the loss of any existing supply contract could have a material adverse effect on us.
regulatory agencies in the united states or other international geographies from time to time have limited or banned the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products. in these circumstances, transition periods typically provide time to arrange for alternative materials. in addition, the sec enacted disclosure rules regarding products that may contain certain minerals that originate from conflict areas in and around the democratic republic of congo. if we find that certain minerals that are necessary to the functionality or production of our products directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups, we may need to source components from alternative suppliers. if we are unable to identify alternative materials or suppliers and secure approval for their use in a timely manner, our business could be harmed.
some of our suppliers are located outside the united states. as a result, trade or regulatory embargoes imposed by foreign countries or the united states could result in delays or shortages that could harm our business.
the manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls. if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems, including as a result of natural disasters, our business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of our products is highly complex and subject to strict quality controls, due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. in addition, quality is extremely important due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. problems can arise during the manufacturing process for a number of reasons, including disruption of facility utilities, equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems, software problems, or human error. although closely managed, disruptions can occur during implementation of new equipment and systems to replace aging equipment, as well as during production line transfers and expansions. as we expand into new markets, we may face unanticipated surges in demand which could strain our production capacity. also, as we expand our manufacturing footprint, significant delays in construction and process validation could impact our production capacity. further, scaling a new product for commercial production can sometimes be delayed. if these problems arise or if we otherwise fail to meet our internal quality standards or those of the fda or other applicable regulatory body, which include detailed record-keeping requirements, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall, we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be adversely affected.
in addition, our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, as well as those of our suppliers and logistics partners, could be materially damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. while we believe that our exposure to significant losses from a catastrophic disaster could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture, store, and distribute some of our products at other facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time before this transition is complete and operates without significant disruption.
we may be required, from time to time, to recognize charges in connection with the write-down of our assets or dispositions of business operations or for other reasons.
we manage a portfolio of research and development products. from time to time, we identify operations and products that are underperforming or not a fit with our longer term business strategy. we may seek to dispose of these underperforming operations or products. we may also seek to dispose of other operations or products for strategic or other business reasons. if we cannot dispose of an operation or product on acceptable terms, we may voluntarily cease operations related to that product. any of these events could result in charges, which could be substantial and which could adversely affect our results of operations.
10
we may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or strategic alliances on favorable terms or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions or alliances, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, require significant management resources, and require significant charges or write-downs.
we regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. we may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or appropriate partners with which to form alliances. even if we identify appropriate acquisition or alliance candidates, we may be unable to complete the acquisitions or alliances on favorable terms, if at all. in addition, the process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our existing operations could result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. integration of an acquired company often requires significant expenditures as well as significant management resources that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our other businesses. moreover, we may not realize the anticipated financial or other benefits of an acquisition or alliance.
we may be required to take charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions. in particular, acquisitions of businesses engaged in the development of new products may give rise to developed technology and/or in-process research and development ("ipr&d") assets. to the extent that the value of these assets declines, we may be required to write down the value of the assets. also, in connection with certain asset acquisitions, we may be required to take an immediate charge related to acquired ipr&d. either of these situations could result in substantial charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
acquisitions could also involve the issuance of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization of expenses related to other intangible assets, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, equity or debt financing required for such acquisitions may not be available.
we face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed.
the cardiovascular medical technology industry is highly competitive. we compete with many companies, some of which are larger, with better brand or name recognition, and broader product offerings. our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, breadth of product line, clinical outcomes, product availability, price, availability and rate of reimbursement, and services provided by the manufacturer. in addition, our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new or differentiated products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. if we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented, competitive workforce, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical technology industry. our position can shift as a result of any of these factors. in addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. see "competition" under "business" included herein.
unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.
the regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding this clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that these trials or procedures will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or expanded indication. failure to successfully complete these trials or procedures in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent clinical analysis. in addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. if preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the fda, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons.
11
the success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with certain key physicians.
the development, marketing, and sale of many of our products requires us to maintain working relationships with physicians upon whom we rely to provide considerable knowledge and experience. these physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and as public speakers. if new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to maintain strong relationships with these professionals or to continue to receive their advice and input, the development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results.
the operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. we rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, security breaches, data corruption, and cyber-based attacks.  cyber-based attacks can include computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, impersonation of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities, or security weaknesses, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. in addition, federal, state, and international laws and regulations, such as the general data protection regulation adopted by the european union, can expose us to enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities, and potentially result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts fail. in addition, a variety of our software systems are cloud‐based data management applications, hosted by third‐party service providers whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks.
the failure of either our or our service providers' information technology could disrupt our entire operation or result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results.
market and other external risks general economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
external factors can affect our profitability and financial condition. such external factors include general domestic and global economic conditions, such as interest rates, tax law including tax rate changes, and factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment regarding health care in general. we cannot predict to what extent the global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. for example, negative conditions in the credit and capital markets could impair our ability to access the financial markets for working capital or other funds, and could negatively impact our ability to borrow. an increase in interest rates could result in an increase in our borrowing costs and could otherwise restrict our ability to access the capital markets. such conditions could result in decreased liquidity and impairments in the carrying value of our investments, and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. these and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis.
various laws, including the affordable care act, the medicare access and chip reauthorization act of 2015, and the 21st century cures act, or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products.  for more information about these laws as they relate to our business, see the section entitled "health care legislation" in part i, item 1, "business."
in addition, public law 115-97, commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act ("the 2017 tax act"), has resulted in significant changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system. these changes include a federal statutory rate reduction from 35% to 21%, various new international provisions, the elimination or reduction of certain domestic deductions and credits, and limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation. the 2017 tax act also transitions international taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system and includes base erosion prevention measures on non-u.s.
12
earnings, which has the effect of subjecting certain earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to u.s. taxation as global intangible low-taxed income. these changes became effective beginning in 2018.
the 2017 tax act also includes the transition toll tax, which is a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign subsidiaries' previously untaxed foreign earnings. the transition toll tax will be paid over an eight-year period that began in 2018, and will not accrue interest. in addition, subsequent u.s. treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting the 2017 tax act could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations.
because we sell our products in a number of countries, our business is subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including risks associated with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. our net sales originating outside the united states, as a percentage of total net sales, were 45% in 2018. we anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total sales. in addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the united states. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•   changes in local medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•   changes in foreign regulatory requirements;
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including changing circumstances in emerging regions, that may reduce the number of procedures that use our products;
•   trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export licensing requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges;
•   potentially negative impact of tax laws, including transfer pricing liabilities and tax costs associated with the repatriation of cash;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing global operations;
•   currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   cultural or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers;
•   local economic and financial conditions, including sovereign defaults and decline in sovereign credit ratings, affecting the collectability of receivables, including receivables from sovereign entities;
•   an outbreak of any life-threatening communicable disease;
•   economic and political instability and local economic and political conditions;
•   differing labor regulations; and
•   differing protection of intellectual property.
substantially all of our sales outside of the united states are denominated in local currencies, principally in europe (and primarily denominated in the euro) and in japan. the united states dollar value of our international sales varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. decreases in the value of the united states dollar to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the effect of increasing our reported revenues even when the volume of international sales has remained constant. increases in the value of the united states dollar relative to the euro or the japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. significant increases or decreases in the value of the united states dollar could have a material effect on our revenues, cost of sales, and results of operations. we have a hedging program for certain currencies that attempts to manage currency exchange rate risks to an acceptable level based on management's judgment of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity, and cost; however, this hedging program does not completely eliminate the effects of currency exchange rate fluctuations.
13
the united states foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions contain prohibitions against bribery and other illegal payments, and make it an offense to fail to have procedures in place that prevent such payments. recent years have seen an increasing number of investigations and other enforcement activities under these laws. although we have compliance programs in place with respect to these laws, which may be used as a defense to prove we had adequate procedures, no assurance can be given that a violation will not be found, and if found, the resulting penalties could adversely affect us and our business.
the stock market can be volatile and fluctuations in our quarterly sales and operating results as well as other factors could cause our financial guidance to vary from actual results and our stock price to decline.
from time to time, the stock market experiences extreme price and volume fluctuations. this volatility can have a significant effect on the market prices of securities for reasons unrelated to underlying performance. these broad market fluctuations may materially adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. in addition, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in response to any of the other risk factors set out above and below, as well as a number of other factors, including the performance of comparable companies or the medical technology industry, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations of securities analysts.
our sales and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. a high proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to significant selling, research and development, and manufacturing costs. thus, small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect our operating results in a quarter, and the price of our common stock could fall. other factors that could affect our quarterly sales and operating results include:
•   announcements of innovations, new products, strategic developments, or business combinations by us or our competitors;
•   demand for and clinical acceptance of products;
•   the timing and execution of customer contracts, particularly large contracts that would materially affect our operating results in a given quarter;
•   the timing of sales of products and of the introduction of new products;
•   the timing of marketing, training, and other expenses related to the introduction of new products;
•   the timing of regulatory approvals;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   delays or problems in introducing new products, such as slower than anticipated adoption of transcatheter heart valves;
•   changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our competitors;
•   the timing of approvals of governmental reimbursement rates or changes in reimbursement rates for our products;
•   increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, raw materials or supplies, product development, or administration;
•   changes in the level of economic activity in the united states or other regions in which we do business;
•   changes to accounting standards;
•   costs related to acquisitions of technologies or businesses; and
•   our ability to expand our operations and the amount and timing of expansion-related expenditures.
the quarterly and full-year financial guidance we provide to investors and analysts with insight to our view of our future performance is based on assumptions about our sales and operating results. due to the nature of our business and the numerous factors that can impact our sales and operating performance, including those described above, our financial guidance may vary
14
from actual results. if we fail to meet any financial guidance that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year, the price of our common stock could decline.
continued consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
the health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as gpos, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the united states veterans administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. as a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. the purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. if we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. we expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide health care industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
if government and other third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed.
we sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and international), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies. the availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products.
government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. there can be no assurance that levels of reimbursement, if any, will not be decreased in the future, or that future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors will not otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. the introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies.
initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation, are underway in several countries around the world. in many countries, customers are reimbursed for our products under a government operated insurance system. under such a system, the government periodically reviews reimbursement levels and may limit patient access. if a government were to decide to reduce reimbursement levels, our product pricing could be adversely affected.
third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods as determined by such third-party payors, or was used for an unapproved indication. third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. we believe that many of our existing products are cost-effective, even though the one-time cost may be significant, because they are intended to improve quality of life and reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. we cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies. if our products are not considered cost-effective by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products.
legal, compliance, and regulatory risks we may incur losses from product liability or other claims that could adversely affect our operating results.
our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical technologies. our products are often used in surgical and intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. in addition, many of the devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time. component failures, manufacturing and assembly flaws, design defects, software defects, medical procedure errors, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or
15
death of, patients. such problems could result in product liability, medical malpractice or other lawsuits and claims, safety alerts, or product recalls in the future, which, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers. product liability claims may be brought from time to time either by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. we may incur charges related to such matters in excess of any established reserves and such charges, including the establishment of any such reserves, could have a material adverse impact on our net income and net cash flows.
our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property. we rely on a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we expect to continue to do so. although we seek to protect our proprietary rights through a variety of means, we cannot guarantee that the protective steps we have taken are adequate to protect these rights. patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. in addition, as our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. the expiration of, or the failure to maintain or extend our patents, could have a material adverse effect on us.
we also rely on confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information. these agreements could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for such a breach. in addition, others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information.
our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property and other information, and continue to work diligently to upgrade and enhance our systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks, or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, or results of operations.
we spend significant resources to enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in litigation. intellectual property litigation is complex and can be expensive and time-consuming. however, our efforts in this regard may not be successful. we may not be able to detect infringement. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. patent litigation can result in substantial cost and diversion of effort. intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, enabling our competitors to capture increased market position. the invalidation of key intellectual property rights or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits filed to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or prospects.
third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products.
during recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical technology industry. from time to time, we have been and may in the future be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and such intellectual property litigation is typically costly and time-consuming. adverse determinations in any such litigation could result in significant liabilities to third parties or injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties and, if such licenses are not available on commercially reasonable terms, prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies.
third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products or, if possible, negotiate licenses from such third parties. such licenses may materially increase our expenses. if we are unable to redesign products or obtain a license, we might have to exit a particular product offering.
16
we and our customers are subject to rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations and develop products that are compatible with these regulations. in addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the medical technologies we manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, including regulations that cover the composition, labeling, testing, clinical study, design, sourcing, manufacturing, packaging, marketing, advertising, promotion, and distribution of our products.
we are required to register with the fda as a device manufacturer. as a result, we are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with the fda's quality system regulation ("qsr") requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, design, quality control, and documentation procedures. the fda may also inspect our compliance with requirements related to adverse event reporting, recalls or corrections (field actions), the conduct of clinical studies, and other requirements. in the european union, we are required to maintain certain ce mark and iso certifications in order to sell our products, and are subject to periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. if we or our suppliers fail to adhere to qsr, ce mark, iso, or similar requirements, this could delay or interrupt product production or sales and/or lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, or other consequences, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or prospects.
medical devices must receive fda clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the united states. in addition, the fda may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of approved products that have been commercialized, and can prevent or limit further marketing of a product based upon the results of post-marketing programs. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. federal regulations also require us to report certain recalls or corrective actions to the fda. furthermore, most major markets for medical devices outside the united states require clearance, approval, or compliance with certain standards before a product can be commercially marketed. the process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device, particularly from the fda and certain foreign governmental authorities, can be costly and time-consuming, and clearances or approvals may not be granted for products or product improvements on a timely basis, if at all. delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, clearances or approvals for products or product improvements could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations or prospects. at any time after approval of a product for commercial sale, the fda may conduct periodic inspections to determine compliance with qsr requirements, and/or current medical device reporting regulations, or other regulatory requirements. noncompliance with applicable requirements may subject us or responsible individuals to sanctions including civil money penalties, product seizure, injunction, or criminal prosecution. in addition, the fda may withhold or delay pre-market approval of our products until the noncompliance is resolved. product approvals by the fda can also be withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval.
regulatory agencies in the united states or other international geographies from time to time limit or ban the use of certain materials used in the manufacture of our products, require collection and disposal of products at the end of their lifecycle, and require disclosure of the origin of certain raw materials in our products. noncompliance with applicable requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the united states physician payment sunshine act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions, also impose reporting and disclosure requirements on device, pharmaceutical, and biologics companies for certain financial relationships with united states health care providers and teaching hospitals. failure to submit required information or submitting incorrect information may result in significant civil monetary penalties.
we are also subject to various united states and international laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. these laws are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation, which could require us to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance or to alter our practices if we are found not to be in compliance. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal or civil sanctions against us and our officers and employees, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs.
despite our implementation of robust compliance processes, we may be subject, from time to time, to inspections, investigations, and other enforcement actions by governmental authorities. if we are found not to be in compliance with
17
applicable laws or regulations, the applicable governmental authority can impose fines, delay, suspend, or revoke regulatory clearances or approvals, institute proceedings to detain or seize our products, issue a recall, impose marketing or operating restrictions, enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties against us or our officers or employees, and institute criminal prosecution. moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request the recall, repair, replacement, or refund of the cost of any device or product we manufacture or distribute. any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. in addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our industry is experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities, which may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.
in recent years, the medical technology industry has been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, including by the fda, numerous other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, as well as members of congress. this has included increased regulation, enforcement, inspections, and governmental investigations of the medical technology industry and disclosure of financial relationships with health care professionals. we anticipate that the government will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, and that additional regulation by governmental authorities, both foreign and domestic, may increase compliance costs, exposure to litigation, and other adverse effects to our operations.
we are subject to risks arising from concerns and/or regulatory actions relating to "mad cow disease."
certain of our products, including pericardial tissue valves, are manufactured using bovine tissue. concerns relating to the potential transmission of bse, commonly known as "mad cow disease," from cows to humans may result in reduced acceptance of products containing bovine materials. certain medical device regulatory agencies have considered whether to continue to permit the sale of medical devices that incorporate bovine material. we obtain bovine tissue only from closely controlled sources within the united states and australia. the bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valves is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility for the suspected bse infectious agent. we have not experienced any significant adverse impact on our sales as a result of concerns regarding bse, but no assurance can be given that such an impact may not occur in the future.
use of our products in unapproved circumstances could expose us to liabilities.
the marketing approval from the fda and other regulators of certain of our products are, or are expected to be, limited to specific indications. we are prohibited from marketing or promoting any unapproved use of our products. physicians, however, can use these products in ways or circumstances other than those strictly within the scope of the regulatory approval. although the product training we provide to physicians and other health care professionals is limited to approved uses or for clinical trials, no assurance can be given that claims might not be asserted against us if our products are used in ways or for procedures that are not approved.
our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in substantial costs.
our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. we have incurred and may incur in the future expenditures in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations. new laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could be material.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the three years ended december 31, 2018. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2018. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview we are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following main areas: transcatheter heart valve therapy ("thvt"), surgical heart valve therapy ("shvt"), and critical care. beginning in 2019, we will report our sales in four main areas: transcatheter aortic valve replacement, surgical structural heart, critical care, and transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies ("tmtt"). going forward, tmtt will be reported as a separate product category to allow greater visibility into our performance in transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies.
22
financial highlights our sales growth was led by our thvt products, primarily due to increased sales of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve across all regions, primarily the united states, and our critical care products, primarily the introduction of our hemosphere advanced monitoring platform in the united states. our 2018 shvt net sales in the united states decreased compared to 2017, primarily related to a $82.5 million sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves. our gross profit margin in 2018 and 2017 was positively impacted by an improved product mix, led by thvt products.
the increase in our net income in 2018 was primarily driven by the aforementioned operating performance, combined with tax benefits from a reduction in the u.s. federal corporate rate from 35% to 21% and the settlement of tax audits. this increase was partially offset by charges for a litigation settlement and impairment of intangible assets. the increase in our net income in 2017 was primarily driven by our increased sales and a gain from litigation related to the theft of trade secrets, partially offset by increased tax expenses associated with the tax cuts and jobs act.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. in 2018, we invested 16.7% of our net sales in research and development. the following is a summary of important developments during 2018:
•   we received ce mark for the sapien 3 ultra system for transcatheter aortic valve replacement in severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients and we received fda approval for the sapien 3 ultra system for those patients who are determined to be at intermediate or greater risk of open-heart surgery;
•   we received ce mark for our self-expanding centera valve for severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients at high risk of open-heart surgery, and we initiated a pivotal trial in the united states to study centera for severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients at intermediate risk of open-heart surgery;
•   we received regulatory approval of our acumen hypotension prediction index in the united states. this technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians of hypotension, or low blood pressure, before it occurs in their surgical patients;
•   we received ce mark for the edwards cardioband tricuspid valve reconstruction system for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation;
23
•   we received fda approval for the acumen suite of intelligent decision-support solutions for use on the hemosphere advanced monitoring platform; and
•   we reached an agreement with boston scientific corporation ("boston scientific") in january 2019 to settle all outstanding patent disputes for a one-time payment to boston scientific of $180.0 million.
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
results of operations net sales by major regions
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                  change                percent change
2018                                                  2017                    2016                2018                2017           2018           2017
united states        $2,055.3                $1,907.6                $1,615.7               $147.7              $291.9           7.7    %      18.1    %
europe                  885.1                   831.0                   749.0                 54.1                82.0           6.5    %      10.9    %
japan                   396.8                   350.3                   309.3                 46.5                41.0          13.3    %      13.3    %
rest of world           385.6                   346.4                   289.7                 39.2                56.7          11.4    %      19.5    %
international         1,667.5                 1,527.7                 1,348.0                139.8               179.7           9.2    %      13.3    %
total net sales      $3,722.8                $3,435.3                $2,963.7               $287.5              $471.6           8.4    %      15.9    %
international net sales include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. for more information, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
net sales by product group
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31,                                  change                  percent change
2018                                                                    2017                    2016                2018                2017             2018           2017
transcatheter heart valve therapy      $2,286.7                $2,027.2                $1,628.5               $259.5              $398.7            12.8    %      24.5    %
surgical heart valve therapy              761.6                   807.1                   774.9                (45.5   )            32.2            (5.6   )%       4.2    %
critical care                             674.5                   601.0                   560.3                 73.5                40.7            12.2    %       7.3    %
total net sales                        $3,722.8                $3,435.3                $2,963.7               $287.5              $471.6             8.4    %      15.9    %
24
transcatheter heart valve therapy
2018 compared with 2017
the increase in net sales of thvt products was due primarily to:
•   higher sales of the edwards sapien 3 valve across all regions, particularly the united states and japan, driven by strong therapy adoption; and
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $20.0 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
2017 compared with 2016
the increase in net sales of thvt products in the united states was due primarily to:
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, driven by strong therapy adoption.
the increase in international net sales of thvt products was due primarily to:
•   the edwards sapien 3 valve, due primarily to increased sales in japan, driven by its launch in march 2016, and europe, driven by strong therapy adoption;
partially offset by:
•   lower sales of the edwards sapien xt valve as customers converted to edwards sapien 3.
in february 2018, we received ce mark for our self-expanding centera valve for severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients at high risk of open-heart surgery. also, in april 2018, we received approval to initiate a united states pivotal trial to study centera for severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients at intermediate risk of open-heart surgery, and commenced the trial in october 2018. in april 2018, we received united states food and drug administration approval for a limited continued access protocol of our partner 3 trial for low-risk patients with severe aortic stenosis in the united states, which we began enrolling late in the third quarter of 2018. also in april 2018, we received ce mark for the edwards cardioband tricuspid valve reconstruction system for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation. in november 2018, we received ce mark for the edwards sapien 3 ultra system, which features the sapien 3 ultra valve with a heightened outer skirt, and a delivery system that incorporates an on-balloon design that is compatible with the low-profile axela sheath. in december 2018, we received
25
fda approval for the edwards sapien 3 ultra system for severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis patients who are determined to be at intermediate or greater risk of open-heart surgery.
surgical heart valve therapy
2018 compared with 2017
the decrease in net sales of shvt products was due primarily to:
•   sales return reserves in the united states related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves;
partially offset by:
•   increased sales of surgical aortic tissue valves in the united states and rest of world; and
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $9.2 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
2017 compared with 2016
the increase in net sales of shvt products was due primarily to:
•   surgical aortic tissue valves in europe and the united states, primarily due to increased sales of the edwards intuity elite valve system, and growth in our core products, partially offset by the continuing shift from our surgical aortic tissue valves to transcatheter aortic valves; and
•   mitral tissue valves, due to increased sales in rest of world, primarily china.
in september 2018, we began launching our inspiris resilia aortic valve in japan. the inspiris relilia valve is the first in a new class of resilient heart valves designed to be an option for active patients.
26
critical care
2018 compared with 2017
the increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by our hemosphere advanced monitoring platform, core hemodynamic products, and our enhanced recovery products, primarily in the united states. in addition, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased net sales by $5.1 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
2017 compared with 2016
the increase in net sales of critical care products was due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products and core hemodynamic products, primarily in the united states and rest of world.
during the first quarter of 2018, we received regulatory approval of our acumen hypotension prediction index in the united states. this technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians of hypotension, or low blood pressure, before it occurs in their surgical patients. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we received fda approval of our acumen hypotension prediction index for use on the hemosphere platform.
27
gross profit the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2018 compared to 2017 was driven by:
•   a 0.7 percentage point increase in the united states and a 0.2 percentage point increase in international markets due to an improved product mix, driven by thvt products;
partially offset by:
•   the impact of multiple investments in our operations, including an increase in costs to improve our manufacturing processes; and
•   a 0.2 percentage point decrease due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the settlement of foreign currency hedging contracts.
the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2017 compared to 2016 was driven by:
•   a 1.3 percentage point increase in the united states and a 0.3 percentage point increase in international markets due to an improved product mix, driven by thvt products;
partially offset by:
•   expenses associated with flooding from hurricane maria in puerto rico and the planned closure of our manufacturing plant in switzerland.
28
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses the increase in sg&a expenses in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states, europe and rest of world, mainly to support the thvt program, (2) higher personnel-related costs, and (3) the impact of foreign currency, which increased expenses by $10.6 million primarily due to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar. the increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2018 was due primarily to the previously mentioned expense increases.
the increase in sg&a expenses in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states and europe, mainly to support the thvt program, and higher personnel-related costs. the decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2017 was due primarily to leverage from our higher thvt sales in the united states and japan.
research and development ("r&d") expenses the increase in r&d expenses in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including spending on clinical trials.
the increase in r&d expenses in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including development expenses associated with the cardioband reconstruction system.
29
intellectual property litigation expenses (income), net we incurred intellectual property litigation expenses, including settlements and external legal costs, of $214.0 million, $39.2 million and $32.6 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in january 2019, we reached an agreement with boston scientific to settle all outstanding patent disputes for a one-time payment to boston scientific of $180.0 million, which was included as an expense in 2018. the settlement covers alleged past damages and no further royalties will be owed by either party. in november 2017, we recorded a $112.5 million litigation gain related to the theft of trade secrets.
change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities resulted in income of $5.7 million, income of $9.9 million, and expense of $1.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the income in 2018 and 2017 was due primarily to longer product development timelines, which reduced the probability of milestone achievements. these gains were net of expenses associated with changes in the fair value of the liabilities associated with the december 2017 acquisition of harpoon medical inc., the achievement by valtech cardio ltd. of a regulatory milestone, adjustments to discount rates, and accretion of interest due to the passage of time. for further information, see note 10 to the "consolidated financial statements."
special charges, net for information on special charges, see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements."
interest expense interest expense was $29.9 million, $23.2 million, and $19.2 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the increase in interest expense for 2018 as compared to 2017 resulted primarily from higher average interest rates. the increase in interest expense for 2017 as compared to 2016 resulted primarily from a higher average debt balance, partially offset by lower average interest rates.
interest income interest income was $32.0 million, $20.3 million, and $10.8 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the increase in interest income for 2018 and 2017 resulted primarily from higher average interest rates.
other (income) expense, net
(in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                    2017                2016
foreign exchange (gains) losses, net                                        $(6.7     )            $5.4                $0.5
loss (gain) on investments                                                  1.7                     2.7                (0.2    )
non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit (credit) cost   (0.1      )            (6.1    )              -
charitable foundation contribution                                          -                         -                 5.0
other                                                                       1.1                    (0.6    )           (0.4    )
total other (income) expense, net                                           $(4.0     )            $1.4                $4.9
the net foreign exchange (gains) losses relate primarily to the foreign currency fluctuations in our global trade and intercompany receivable and payable balances, offset by the gains and losses on derivative instruments intended as an economic hedge of those exposures.
the loss (gain) on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale money market and cost method investments.
the non-service cost components of net periodic pension benefit (credit) cost includes the costs of our defined benefit plans that are not attributed to services rendered by eligible employees during the year, such as interest costs, expected return on plan assets, and amortization of actuarial gains or losses. certain costs associated with realignments, including settlements
30
and curtailments, have been included as a component of "special (gains) charges, net." for further information, see notes 4 and 12 to the "consolidated financial statements."
in march 2016, we contributed $5.0 million to the edwards lifesciences foundation, a related-party not-for-profit organization intended to provide philanthropic support to health- and community-focused charitable organizations. the contribution was irrevocable and was recorded as an expense at the time of payment.
provision for income taxes our effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were impacted as follows (in millions):
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                  2017                  2016
income tax expense at u.s. federal statutory rate                        $159.9                $362.2                $258.3
foreign income taxed at different rates                                   (16.2    )           (106.9    )            (88.6    )
state and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit                           6.8                  11.5                   9.7
tax credits, federal and state                                            (36.7    )            (25.8    )            (21.3    )
(release) build of reserve for prior years' uncertain tax positions       (35.5    )             (7.7    )              4.6
u.s. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits                              (12.2    )            (30.3    )              5.1
foreign-derived intangible income deduction                                (6.6    )                -                     -
deductible employee share-based compensation                              (41.8    )            (48.2    )                -
nondeductible employee share-based compensation                             2.8                   3.9                   3.6
impacts related to 2017 u.s. tax reform                                    15.8                 294.1                     -
other                                                                       2.9                  (1.5    )             (3.0    )
income tax provision                                                      $39.2                $451.3                $168.4
on december 22, 2017, public law 115-97, commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 act"), was signed into law. the 2017 act (1) reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, (2) required companies to pay a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on the cumulative earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred, and (3) created new taxes on certain foreign earnings in future years.
on december 22, 2017, staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") was issued to address the application of generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap") in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the 2017 act. in accordance with sab 118, as of december 31, 2017, we estimated provisional amounts for (1) $3.3 million of tax benefits in connection with the remeasurement of certain tax assets and liabilities, (2) $297.4 million of net tax expense recorded in connection with the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on cumulative earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, and (3) $32.3 million of tax benefits associated with a tax reform related restructuring. in accordance with sab 118, during 2018 we adjusted the provisional amounts as described below.
as a result of internal revenue service ("irs") guidance issued subsequent to the 2017 act, the $32.3 million of tax benefits associated with the tax reform related restructuring mentioned above were reversed. in addition, during 2018, we recorded a $12.8 million reduction in the repatriation tax and an additional benefit of $3.7 million in connection with the remeasurement of deferred tax assets. in accordance with sab 118, we completed our accounting for the 2017 act during the fourth quarter of 2018.
our effective tax rate for 2018 is lower than our effective tax rate for 2017 primarily because of the benefit from the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate rate from 35% to 21% and tax benefits related to the settlement of tax audits. in addition, the effective rate for 2017 included the one-time impact of the mandatory taxation of previously unrepatriated earnings, partially offset by the revaluation of tax-related balance sheet items due to the u.s. tax rate changes required by the 2017 act.
31
uncertain tax positions as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, gross uncertain tax positions were $150.7 million and $225.6 million, respectively. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $42.7 million and $94.0 million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amounts of $108.0 million and $131.6 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of uncertain tax positions, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                         2017                  2016
uncertain gross tax positions, january 1        $225.6                $245.5                $216.1
current year tax positions                        37.8                  77.7                  29.0
increase in prior year tax positions              13.9                  63.7                   2.7
decrease in prior year tax positions             (78.8    )            (65.0    )             (0.9    )
settlements                                      (46.5    )            (95.3    )             (0.3    )
lapse of statutes of limitations                  (1.3    )             (1.0    )             (1.1    )
uncertain gross tax positions, december 31      $150.7                $225.6                $245.5
the table above summarizes the gross amounts of uncertain tax positions without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such uncertain tax positions were settled.
we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. as of december 31, 2018, we had accrued $4.6 million (net of $1.9 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of december 31, 2017, we had accrued $7.4 million (net of $2.9 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions. during 2018, 2017, and 2016, we recognized interest (benefit) expense, net of tax benefit, of $(2.8) million, $(7.3) million, and $4.0 million, respectively, in "provision for income taxes" on the consolidated statements of operations.
we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. we believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
at december 31, 2018, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. during 2018, we signed agreements with the irs to settle tax years 2009 through 2014 including transfer pricing matters and the tax treatment of a portion of a litigation settlement payment received in 2014. the irs began its examination of the 2015 and 2016 tax years during the fourth quarter of 2018.
during 2018, we executed an advance pricing agreement ("apa") between the united states and switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various transfer pricing matters and we have updated our transfer pricing policies accordingly. certain intercompany transactions covering tax years 2015 through 2018 were not resolved and those related tax positions remain uncertain. these transfer pricing matters may be significant to our consolidated financial statements. in addition, we executed other apas as follows: during 2017, an apa between the united states and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019, and during 2018, apas between japan and singapore as well as switzerland and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019.
based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and thus have recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability.
32
we have received tax incentives in certain non-u.s. tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit of which will expire in 2024. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were $144.9 million ($0.70 per diluted share), $81.0 million ($0.39 per diluted share), and $78.7 million ($0.32 per diluted share) for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
our dominican republic branch receives tax incentives, including an exemption from paying dominican republic income taxes, under a free trade zone law. effective november 9, 2012, the dominican republic enacted a law which, among other tax provisions, would apply a 10% withholding tax on dividends or branch remittances from a free trade zone company to its shareholder(s). the dominican republic withholding tax provision was, however, contingent upon certain future events. on october 5, 2016, the dominican republic ministry of finance published a notification confirming that the 10% withholding tax on branch remittances would be due and payable by dominican republic free trade zone companies for dividends and remittances paid on or after october 5, 2016. the impact of this withholding tax has been reflected in our income tax provision.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
the 2017 act, which was signed into law on december 22, 2017, included extensive changes to the international tax regime. the 2017 act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. the deemed repatriation resulted in a $270.5 million tax obligation as of december 31, 2018. the one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in seven remaining annual installments, as outlined in the contractual obligations table below. see note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
as of december 31, 2018, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside the united states were $659.3 million and $297.2 million, respectively. during 2018, we repatriated cash and short-term investments of $1.4 billion. we assert that $1.1 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate $0.6 billion of our foreign earnings as of december 31, 2018.
certain of our business acquisitions involve contingent consideration arrangements. payment of additional consideration in the future may be required, contingent upon the acquired company reaching certain performance milestones, such as attaining specified revenue levels, or obtaining regulatory approvals. for further information, see note 7 to the "consolidated financial statements."
in april 2018, we entered into a new five-year credit agreement ("the credit agreement") which matures on april 28, 2023, and the previous five-year credit agreement was terminated. the credit agreement provides up to an aggregate of$750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. subject to certain terms and conditions, we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate. as of december 31, 2018, there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement. the credit agreement is unsecured and contains various financial and other covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the credit agreement. the company was in compliance with all covenants at december 31, 2018.
in october 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "2013 notes") due october 15, 2018. the 2013 notes were repaid in october 2018. in june 2018, we issued $600.0 million of 4.3% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "2018 notes") due june 15, 2028. a portion of the proceeds from the 2018 notes were used to repay amounts outstanding under our previous five-year credit agreement, and the remainder was used to partially repay the maturing 2013 notes and for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2018, the total carrying value of our 2018 notes was $593.8 million. for further information on our debt, see note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we reached an agreement with boston scientific to settle all outstanding patent disputes for a one-time payment to boston scientific of $180.0 million, which was paid in january 2019.
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2018, under the board
33
authorized repurchase programs, we repurchased a total of 5.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $784.3 million, and as of december 31, 2018, we had remaining authority to purchase $0.5 billion of our common stock. for further information, see note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements."
consolidated cash flows - for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $926.8 million for 2018 decreased $73.9 million from 2017 due primarily to higher tax payments and a higher bonus payout in 2018 associated with 2017 performance, partially offset by improved operating performance in 2018 and higher working capital needs in 2017.
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $1.0 billion for 2017 increased $296.3 million from 2016 due primarily to improved operating performance and receipt of a litigation payment, partially offset by higher working capital needs associated with growth in the business and the timing of tax payments.
net cash provided by investing activities of $76.7 million in 2018 consisted primarily of net proceeds from investments of $323.2 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $238.7 million.
net cash used in investing activities of $647.2 million in 2017 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $235.7 million, capital expenditures of $168.1 million, a $100.0 million net cash payment associated with the acquisition of harpoon medical, inc., and an $81.9 million net cash payment associated with the acquisition of valtech cardio ltd.
net cash used in investing activities of $211.7 million in 2016 consisted primarily of capital expenditures of $176.1 million and $41.3 million for the acquisition of intangible assets.
net cash used in financing activities of $1.1 billion in 2018 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $795.5 million and net debt repayments of $437.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $147.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $473.2 million in 2017 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $763.3 million, partially offset by (1) net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $176.3 million and (2) proceeds from stock plans of $113.8 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $268.5 million in 2016 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $662.3 million, partially offset by (1) net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $222.1 million, (2) proceeds from stock plans of $103.3 million, and (3) the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $64.3 million.
34
a summary of all of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2018 is as follows (in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                   total             less than1 year             1-3years             4-5years             after 5years debt                                                                 $600.0                      $-                      $-                   $-                 $600.0
operating leases                                                       91.2                    25.6                    35.0                 16.3                   14.3
interest on debt                                                      185.5                    20.0                    40.1                 39.6                   85.8
transition tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a)         270.5                     8.9                    49.8                 71.6                  140.2
litigation settlement obligation                                      180.0                   180.0                       -                    -                      -
pension obligations (b)                                                 1.9                     1.9                       -                    -                      -
purchase and other commitments                                         34.6                    12.6                    19.5                  0.6                    1.9
total contractual cash obligations (c), (d)                        $1,363.7                  $249.0                  $144.4               $128.1                 $842.2
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a)   as of december 31, 2018, we had recorded $270.5 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 act. the transition tax is due in eight annual installments, and the first annual installment was paid in 2018. the second annual installment is 8% of the total liability, net of a $16.1 million overpayment of 2017 federal income taxes. the remaining installment amounts will be equal to 8% of the total liability, payable in fiscal years 2020 through 2022, 15% in fiscal year 2023, 20% in fiscal year 2024, and 25% in fiscal year 2025. see note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
(b)   the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2018 was $37.0 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 12 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(c)   as of december 31, 2018, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $157.2 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters. during 2018, we executed an advance pricing agreement ("apa") between the united states and switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various transfer pricing matters and we have updated our transfer pricing policies accordingly. certain intercompany transactions covering tax years 2015 through 2018 were not resolved and those related tax positions remain uncertain. these transfer pricing matters may be significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations is uncertain. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
(d)   we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $585.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. this amount includes certain milestone-based contingent obligations that may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under gaap. in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
35
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgment and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimation are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, the amount of consideration we ultimately receive varies depending upon the return terms, sales rebates, discounts, and other incentives that we may offer, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. the estimate of variable consideration requires significant judgment. we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. the estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely upon an assessment of historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are typically not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate the variable consideration do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, in limited circumstances, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products, such as for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
excess and obsolete inventory the valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. we base our provisions for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
ipr&d acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts
36
of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•   timing and probability of success of clinical events or regulatory approvals;
•   timing and probability of success of meeting commercial milestones; and
•   discount rates.
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
the assumptions related to determining the value of contingent consideration include a significant amount of judgment, and any changes in the underlying estimates could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in any given period.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax credits, net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings.
we have made an accounting policy election to recognize the u.s. tax effects of global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") as a component of income tax expense in the period the tax arises.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, service-based restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. for performance-based restricted stock units, expense is recognized if and when we conclude that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved, which requires judgment. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of
37
estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations would be impacted.
new accounting standards information regarding new accounting standards is included in note 2 to the "consolidated financial statements."
