item 1a.   risk factors each of the registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond that registrant's control. management of each registrant regularly meets with the chief risk officer and the registrant's risk management committee (rmc), which comprises officers of the registrant, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the registrant's business and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. the chief risk officer and senior executives of the registrants discuss those risks with the finance and risk committee and audit committee of the exelon board of directors and the comed, peco, bge and phi boards of directors. in addition, the generation oversight committee of the exelon board of directors evaluates risks related to the generation business. the risk factors discussed below could adversely affect one or more of the registrants' consolidated financial statements and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. each of the registrants has disclosed the known material risks that affect its business at this time. however, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by a registrant to be material that could adversely affect its performance or financial condition in the future.
exelon's consolidated financial statements are affected to a significant degree by: (1) generation's position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions
31
and (2) the role of the utility registrants as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in six of the largest metropolitan areas in the united states. factors that affect the consolidated financial statements of the registrants fall primarily under the following categories, all of which are discussed in further detail below:
•   market and financial factors. exelon's and generation's results of operations are affected by price fluctuations in the energy markets. power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects the prices that generation can obtain for the output of its power plants, (2) the presence of other generation resources in the markets in which generation's output is sold, (3) the demand for electricity in the markets where the registrants conduct their business, (4) the impacts of on-going competition in the retail channel and (5) emerging technologies and business models.
•   regulatory and legislative factors. the regulatory and legislative factors that affect the registrants include changes to the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and utility regulatory business model cost recovery, tax policy, zero emission credit programs and environmental policy. in particular, exelon's and generation's financial performance could be affected by changes in the design of competitive wholesale power markets or generation's ability to sell power in those markets. in addition, potential regulation and legislation, including regulation or legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards (rps), could have significant effects on the registrants. also, returns for the utility registrants are influenced significantly by state regulation and regulatory proceedings.
•   operational factors. the registrants' operational performance is subject to those factors inherent in running the nation's largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. the safe, secure and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the availability, reliability, safety and security of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to exelon's ability to achieve value-added growth for customers, communities and shareholders. additionally, the operating costs of the registrants and the opinions of their customers, regulators and shareholders are affected by those companies' ability to maintain the reliability, safety and efficiency of their energy delivery systems.
a discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below.
market and financial factors generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which could negatively affect its consolidated financial statements (exelon and generation).
generation is exposed to commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. generation's earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it operates.
32
price of fuels. the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit.
demand and supply. the market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs could each depress demand. in addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity could often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as exelon's nuclear plants.
retail competition. generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. in periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. increased or more aggressive competition could adversely affect overall gross margins and profitability in generation's retail operations.
sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements and such impacts could be emphasized given generation's concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the midwest and the mid-atlantic. these impacts could adversely affect exelon's and generation's ability to fund regulated utility growth for the benefit of customers, reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. in addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect exelon's and generation's result of operations through accelerated depreciation expense, impairment charges related to inventory that cannot be used at other nuclear units and cancellation of in-flight capital projects, accelerated amortization of plant specific nuclear fuel costs, severance costs, accelerated asset retirement obligation expense related to future decommissioning activities, and additional funding of decommissioning costs, which can be offset in whole or in part by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. see note 8 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in addition to price fluctuations, generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its control and could negatively affect its results of operations (exelon and generation).
credit risk. in the bilateral markets, generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. in the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, generation could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in the spot markets, generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily rtos and isos, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. in addition, generation's retail sales subject it to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. this risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer's account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer.
market designs. the wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect generation's business. in addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability.
the registrants are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption (all registrants).
some of these technologies include, but are not limited to, further development or applications of technologies related to shale gas production, renewable energy technologies, energy efficiency, distributed generation and energy
33
storage devices. such developments could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. each of these factors could materially affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
market performance and other factors could decrease the value of ndt funds and employee benefit plan assets and could increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant additional funding (all registrants).
disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within generation's ndts and exelon's employee benefit plan trusts. the registrants have significant obligations in these areas and exelon and generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. the asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below the registrants' projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the ndt fund investments could increase generation's funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. a decline in the market value of the pension and opeb plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with exelon's pension and opeb plan obligations. additionally, exelon's pension and opeb plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to social security or medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and opeb plans. if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered in a timely manner, from the utility registrants' customers, the consolidated financial statements of the utility registrants could be negatively affected. ultimately, if the registrants are unable to manage the investments within the ndt funds and benefit plan assets and are unable to manage the related benefit plan liabilities and the related asset retirement obligations, their consolidated financial statements could be negatively impacted.
unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets could adversely affect the registrants' businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the registrants' ability to meet long-term commitments, generation's ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could negatively impact the registrants' consolidated financial statements (all registrants).
the registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the registrants' respective operations. disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the united states or abroad could adversely affect the registrants' ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. the registrants' access to funds under their credit facilities depends on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. the inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to generation's hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.
in addition, the registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including europe, canada and asia. disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict the registrants' ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. as of december 31, 2018, approximately 19%, or $1.8 billion, 19%, or $1.8 billion, and 18%, or $1.7 billion of the registrants' available credit facilities were with european, canadian and asian banks, respectively. the credit facilities include $9.7 billion (including bilateral credit facilities and credit facilities for project
34
finance) in aggregate total commitments of which $8.0 billion was available as of december 31, 2018. as of december 31, 2018, there were no borrowings under generation's bilateral credit facilities. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the credit facilities.
the strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the registrants. perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements.
if any of the registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its agreements with its counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs (all registrants).
generation's business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. if generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. the amount of collateral required to be provided by generation at any point in time depends on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. in addition, if generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in general, or generation in particular, has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of generation. generation has project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings.  failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force the exelon subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings. the impact of bankruptcy on such arrangements may be a significant assumption in performing impairment assessments of the project assets.
the utility registrants' operating agreements with pjm and peco's, bge's and dpl's natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by their credit rating and market prices. if certain wholesale market conditions were to exist and the utility registrants were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit or cash, which could have a material adverse effect upon their remaining sources of liquidity. pjm collateral posting requirements will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. collateral posting requirements for peco, bge and dpl, with respect to their natural gas supply contracts, will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. in addition, if the utility registrants were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade.
a utility registrant could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general, or a utility registrant in particular, has deteriorated. a utility registrant could experience a downgrade if its current regulatory environment becomes less predictable by materially lowering returns for the utility registrant or adopting other measures to limit utility rates. additionally, the ratings for a utility registrant could be downgraded if its financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. in addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of the utility registrants.
35
the utility registrants conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that the utility registrants are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate the utility registrants from exelon and other exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at exelon or another exelon subsidiary. these measures (commonly referred to as "ring-fencing") could help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of the utility registrants in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of exelon. despite these ring-fencing measures, the credit ratings of the utility registrants could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of exelon. consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of some or all of the utility registrants. a reduction in the credit rating of a utility registrant could have a material adverse effect on the utility registrant.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - credit matters - market conditions and security ratings for additional information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the registrants' cash flows.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel (exelon and generation).
generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of its generating facilities. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. the supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that could negatively affect the consolidated financial statements for generation.
generation's risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities (exelon and generation).
generation's asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose generation to risks of commodity price movements. generation buys and sells energy and other products and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in generation's power generation portfolio. generation is exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. these risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. as a result, generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on its business or consolidated financial statements.
financial performance and load requirements could be adversely affected if generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio (exelon and generation).
a significant portion of generation's power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with the utility registrants and other customers. to the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, generation's output is sold in the wholesale power markets. to the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. generation's financial results could be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio or effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets.
36
challenges to tax positions taken by the registrants as well as tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could impact the registrants' consolidated financial statements. (all registrants).
corporate tax reform. on december 22, 2017, president trump signed into law the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
while the registrants' current tax accounting and future expectations are based on management's present understanding of the provisions under the tcja, further interpretive guidance of the tcja's provisions could result in further adjustments that could have a material impact to the registrants' future consolidated financial statements.
the utility registrants have made their best estimate regarding the probability and timing of settlements of net regulatory liabilities established pursuant to the tcja. however, the amount and timing of the settlements may change based on decisions and actions by the rate regulators, which could have a material impact on the utility registrants' future consolidated financial statements.
tax reserves. the registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. these judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
increases in customer rates, including increases in the cost of purchased power and increases in natural gas prices for the utility registrants, and the impact of economic downturns could lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. both of these factors could decrease generation's and the utility registrants' results from operations, cash flows or financial positions (all registrants).
the impacts of economic downturns on the utility registrants' customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances', which would negatively affect the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements. generation's customer-facing energy delivery activities face similar economic downturn risks, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances which could negatively affect generation's consolidated financial statements. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for additional information of the registrants' credit risk.
the utility registrants' current procurement plans include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market. comed's, peco's and ace's costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. bge's, pepco's and dpl's sos rates charged to customers recover their wholesale power supply costs and include a return component. for peco and dpl, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. for bge, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a mbr mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a market index. the difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas could result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially additional uncollectible accounts expense for the utility registrants. in addition, any challenges by the regulators or the utility registrants as to the recoverability of these costs could have a material adverse effect in the registrants' consolidated financial statements. also, the utility registrants' cash flows could be adversely affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers.
the effects of weather could impact the registrants' consolidated financial statements (all registrants).
weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues
37
at peco, dpl delaware and ace. due to revenue decoupling, bge, pepco and dpl maryland recognize revenues at mdpsc and dcpsc-approved levels per customer, regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and are not affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. pursuant to the future energy jobs act (feja), beginning in 2017, customer rates for comed are adjusted to eliminate the favorable and unfavorable impacts of weather and customer usage patterns on distribution revenue.
extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms could stress the utility registrants' transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company's ability to meet peak customer demand. these extreme conditions could have detrimental effects in the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements. first and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and could make period comparisons less relevant.
generation's operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. to the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, generation could require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. extreme weather conditions or storms could affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting generation's ability to source or send power to where it is sold. in addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact generation's ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. these conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could have an adverse effect by causing generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are weak.
certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the registrants' statements of financial position could become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts (all registrants).
long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the registrants' statements of financial position. in addition, exelon and generation have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts, as further disclosed in note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. the registrants evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. an impairment would require the registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2018, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill primarily consists of $2.6 billion at comed relating to the acquisition of comed in 2000 upon the formation of exelon and $4.0 billion at phi primarily resulting from exelon's acquisition of phi in the first quarter of 2016. under gaap, goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. if an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off to expense, which will also reduce equity. the actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on exelon's, comed's, and phi's results of operations.
regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions, including discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's, and ace's business, and the fair value of debt, could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, phi's, and comed's goodwill, which could be material.
see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies and estimates, note 6 - property, plant and equipment, note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on long-lived asset and goodwill impairments.
38
exelon and its subsidiaries at times guarantee the performance of third parties, which could result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance by such third parties. in addition, the registrants could have rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the registrants for various obligations, and the registrants could incur substantial costs in the event that the applicable registrant is unable to enforce those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. the registrants could also incur substantial costs in the event that third parties are entitled to indemnification related to environmental or other risks in connection with the acquisition and divestiture of assets (all registrants).
some of the registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate the registrant or its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by those third parties, a registrant could incur substantial cost to fulfill its obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact in the consolidated financial statements of the registrant. some of the registrants have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets and a registrant could incur substantial costs to fulfill its obligations under these indemnities and such costs could adversely affect a registrant's consolidated financial statements.
some of the registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a registrant and hold it harmless against specified obligations and claims. to the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected registrant could be held responsible for the obligations, which could adversely impact that registrant's consolidated financial statements. each of the utility registrants has transferred its former generation business to a third party and in each case the transferee may have agreed to assume certain obligations and to indemnify the applicable utility registrant for such obligations. in connection with the restructurings under which comed, peco and bge transferred their generating assets to generation, generation assumed certain of comed's, peco's and bge's rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. further, comed, peco and bge may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify comed, peco or bge for certain obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by generation as part of the restructuring. if the third-party, generation or the transferee of pepco's, dpl's or ace's generation facilities experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity arrangement became unenforceable, the applicable utility registrant could be liable for any existing or future claims, which could impact that utility registrant's consolidated financial statements. in addition, the utility registrants may have residual liability under certain laws in connection with their former generation facilities.
regulatory and legislative factors the registrants' generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to regulatory and legislative actions that adversely affect their consolidated financial statements. fundamental changes in regulation or legislation or violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could disrupt the registrants' business plans and adversely affect their operations, cash flows or financial results (all registrants).
substantially all aspects of the businesses of the registrants are subject to comprehensive federal or state regulation and legislation. further, exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by generation's sales and purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and exelon's and the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements are heavily dependent on the ability of the utility registrants to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power and natural gas to their customers. similarly, there is risk that financial market regulations could increase the registrants' compliance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. in the planning and management of operations, the registrants must address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, rtos, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. additionally, the registrants need to be cognizant and understand rule changes or registrant actions that could result in potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the registrants' businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could negatively impact their respective consolidated financial statements.
39
state and federal regulatory and legislative developments related to emissions, climate change, tax reform, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and rps could also significantly affect exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. the registrants cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect will be on the registrants.
legislative and regulatory efforts in illinois, new york and new jersey to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through zero emission credit programs are subject to legal challenges and, if overturned, could negatively impact exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements and result in the early retirement of certain of generation's nuclear plants.
generation could be negatively affected by possible federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets (exelon and generation).
approximately 63% of generation's generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by pjm. generation's future results of operations will depend on (1) ferc's continued adherence to and support for, policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of zero-carbon electricity and resiliency and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect market competition. generation could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize existing or new generation.
ferc's requirements for market-based rate authority, established in order 697 and 816 and related subsequent orders, could pose a risk that generation may no longer satisfy ferc's tests for market-based rates. since order 697 became final in june 2007, generation has obtained orders affirming generation's authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the act) was enacted in july 2010. the part of the act that affects exelon most significantly is title vii, which is known as the dodd-frank wall street transparency and accountability act (dodd-frank). dodd-frank requires a new regulatory regime for over-the-counter swaps (swaps), including mandatory clearing for certain categories of swaps, incentives to shift swap activity to exchange trading, margin and capital requirements, and other obligations designed to promote transparency. the primary aim of dodd-frank is to regulate the key intermediaries in the swaps market, which entities are swap dealers (sds), major swap participants (msps), or certain other financial entities, but the law also applies to a lesser degree to end-users of swaps. the cftc's dodd-frank regulations generally preserved the ability of end users in the energy industry to hedge their risks using swaps without being subject to mandatory clearing, and many of the other substantive regulations that apply to sds, msps, and other financial entities. generation manages, and expects to be able to continue to manage, its commercial activity to ensure that it does not have to register as an sd or msp or other type of covered financial entity.
there are some rulemaking proceedings that have not yet been finalized, in particular, proposed rules on position limits that would apply to both exchange-traded futures contracts and economically-equivalent over-the-counter swaps. although the company would incur some costs associated with monitoring and compliance with such rules, it does not expect the rules to have a material impact on its business operations.
the utility registrants could also be subject to some dodd-frank requirements to the extent they were to enter into swaps. however, at this time, management of the utility registrants continue to expect that their companies will not be materially affected by dodd-frank.
generation's affiliation with the utility registrants, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of generation's physical asset base within the utility registrants' service territories, could increase generation's cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding the utility registrants' retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by generation (exelon and generation).
generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of the utility registrants and makes significant sales to each of them. those facts tend to cause generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of generation's affiliation with the utility registrants and its sales to each of them. in periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased
40
costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups could question or challenge costs and transactions incurred by the utility registrants with generation, irrespective of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. these challenges could increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges could subject generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. in addition, government officials and legislators could seek ways to force generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages.
the registrants could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters (all registrants).
the businesses which the registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. violations of these emission and disposal requirements could subject the registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. in addition, the registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. remediation activities associated with mgp operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. also, the registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future.
if application of section 316(b) of the clean water act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at salem or other exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
additionally, generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. future legislative action could require generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.
in some cases, a third-party who has acquired assets from a registrant has assumed the liability the registrant could otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. if the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the registrant responsible, and the registrant's remedies against the transferee could be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in the utility registrants' respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which could introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes (exelon and the utility registrants).
the utility registrants are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. these proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. the proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. the potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for a utility registrant to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates could be adjusted, subject to refund or disallowed, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, bad debt, mgp remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs.
41
in certain instances, the utility registrants could agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. these settlements are subject to regulatory approval.
the utility registrants cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by illinois, pennsylvania, maryland, the district of columbia, delaware, new jersey or federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. nevertheless, the expectation is that the utility registrants will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant default service obligations, referred to as polr, dsp, sos and bgs, to provide electricity and natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier. the ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of the utility registrants, as applicable, to recover their costs or earn an adequate return and could have a material adverse effect in the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding rate proceedings.
federal or additional state rps and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the consolidated financial statements of generation and the utility registrants (all registrants).
changes to current state legislation or the development of federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate fuel sources could significantly impact generation and the utility registrants, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed for utility registrants. the impact could include increased costs and increased rates for customers.
federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact the utility registrants if timely cost recovery is not allowed. furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of exelon, generation and the utility registrants. for additional information, see item 1. business - environmental regulation - renewable and alternative energy portfolio standards.
the impact of not meeting the criteria of the fasb guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to exelon and the utility registrants (exelon and the utility registrants).
as of december 31, 2018, exelon and the utility registrants have concluded that the operations of the utility registrants meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, exelon, and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. that action would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their consolidated balance sheets and the recognition of a one-time charge in their consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the impact of not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of exelon and the utility registrants. the impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an impairment of comed's or phi's goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the gains at comed discussed above. a significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of the utility registrants to pay dividends under federal and state law and no longer meeting the regulatory accounting criteria could cause significant volatility in future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 4 - regulatory matters and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory matters and comed's and phi's goodwill, respectively.
exelon and generation could incur material costs of compliance if federal and/or state regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change (exelon and generation).
various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of ghg emissions on climate change. if carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, exelon and generation could incur costs either to limit further the ghg emissions from their operations or to procure emission
42
allowance credits. see item 1. business - global climate change and note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding climate change.
the registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of the utility registrants to the results of pjm's rtep and nerc compliance requirements (all registrants).
as a result of the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including generation and the utility registrants, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by ferc. as operators of natural gas distribution systems, peco, bge and dpl are also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation. the standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject the registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. in addition, the icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu impose certain distribution reliability standards on the utility registrants. if the registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards.
see note 4 - regulatory matters and note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences (all registrants).
the registrants have large consumer customer bases and as a result could be the subject of public criticism focused on the operability of their assets and infrastructure and quality of their service. adverse publicity of this nature could render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as exelon and its subsidiaries in a favorable light, and could cause exelon and its subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements (e.g. disallowances of costs, lower roes). the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on the registrants' business or consolidated financial statements.
the registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. an adverse determination could negatively impact their consolidated financial statements (all registrants).
the registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements. adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue or restrict existing business activities, any of which could have a material adverse effect in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
generation could be negatively affected by possible nuclear regulatory commission actions that could affect the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet (exelon and generation).
regulatory risk. a change in the atomic energy act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect generation's consolidated financial statements. events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by generation, could cause the nrc to initiate such actions.
43
spent nuclear fuel storage. the approval of a national repository for the storage of snf, such as the one previously considered at yucca mountain, nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of snf, and the ultimate amounts received from the doe to reimburse generation for these costs. the nrc's temporary storage rule (also referred to as the "waste confidence decision") recognizes that licensees can safely store snf at nuclear power plants for up to 60 years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants.
any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for snf could adversely affect generation's ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. through may 15, 2014, in accordance with the nwpa and generation's contract with the doe, generation paid the doe a fee per kwh of net nuclear generation for the cost of snf disposal. this fee was discontinued effective may 16, 2014. until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, exelon and generation will not accrue any further costs related to snf disposal fees. generation cannot predict what, if any, fee will be established in the future for snf disposal. however, such a fee could be material to generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the snf obligation.
operational factors the registrants' employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry (all registrants).
employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near their operations. as a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. these risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.
natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively impact the registrants' results of operations, their ability to raise capital and their future growth (all registrants).
generation's fleet of power plants and the utility registrants' distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters, such as seismic activity, fires resulting from natural causes such as lightning, extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena. severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. an extreme weather event within the registrants' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment.
natural disasters and other significant events increase the risk to generation that the nrc or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, snf storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. in addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for generation's continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general could adversely affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements and their ability to raise capital.
the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on exelon is uncertain. as owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, the registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cyber security of exelon's facilities, which could adversely affect exelon's ability to manage its business effectively. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain, which could adversely affect the registrants' consolidated financial statements and their ability to raise capital. in addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.
44
the registrants could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. however, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate exelon's generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs.
in addition, exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property, casualty and cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. however, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities (exelon and generation).
nuclear capacity factors. capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect generation's results of operations. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. consequently, to be successful, generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. lower capacity factors increase generation's operating costs by requiring generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy generation's obligations to committed third-party sales, including the utility registrants. these sources generally have higher costs than generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations.
nuclear refueling outages. in general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. the total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on generation's results of operations. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.
nuclear fuel quality. the quality of nuclear fuel utilized by generation could affect the efficiency and costs of generation's operations. remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.
operational risk. operations at any of generation's nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where generation has to shutdown the plant or operate at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. generation could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. in either event, generation could lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. for plants operated but not wholly owned by generation, generation could also incur liability to the co-owners. for nuclear plants not operated and not wholly owned by generation, from which generation receives a portion of the plants' output, generation's results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect generation's consolidated financial statements. in addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by generation.
nuclear major incident risk. although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the united states and abroad. the consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the united states, owned or operated by generation or owned by others, could exceed generation's resources, including insurance coverage. uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by generation and could have a material adverse effect in generation's consolidated financial statements. additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the united states or abroad, whether owned generation or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly adversely affect generation's consolidated financial statements.
nuclear insurance. as required by the price-anderson act, generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million for each operating site. claims exceeding that amount are covered through
45
mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. in addition, the u.s. congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $14.1 billion limit for a single incident.
generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, neil, which provides property and business interruption insurance for generation's nuclear operations. in previous years, neil has made distributions to its members but generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nuclear insurance.
decommissioning obligation and funding. nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. generation is required to provide to the nrc a biennial report by unit (annually for units that have been retired and units that are within five years of retirement) addressing generation's ability to meet the nrc-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the ndt funds. the nrc funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit.
generation recognizes as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission its nuclear facilities. the estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of decommissioning costs and federal and state regulatory requirements. no assurance can be given that the costs of such decommissioning will not substantially exceed such liability, as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including changes in the approach and timing of decommissioning activities, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in federal or state regulatory requirements on the decommissioning of such facilities, other changes in our estimates or generation's ability to effectively execute on its planned decommissioning activities.
the performance of capital markets could significantly affect the value of the trust funds. currently, generation is making contributions to certain trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts being collected by peco from its customers and remitted to generation. while generation, through peco, has recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of its other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. if circumstances changed such that generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former peco units based on amounts collected from peco customers, or if generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from peco customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former peco units could be negatively affected and exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements could be significantly affected. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. ultimately, if the investments held by generation's ndts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of generation's nuclear units, generation could be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future nrc minimum funding requirements are met. as a result, generation's consolidated financial statements could be significantly adversely affected. additionally, if the pledged assets are not sufficient to fund the zion station decommissioning activities under the asset sale agreement (asa), generation could have to seek remedies available under the asa to reduce the risk of default by zionsolutions and its parent. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for nuclear units that are subject to regulatory agreements with either the icc or the papuc, decommissioning-related activities are generally offset within exelon's and generation's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. the offset of decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income results in an equal adjustment to the noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation. comed and peco have recorded an equal noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and a corresponding regulatory liability.
if the expected value in the ndt funds for any nuclear unit subject to the regulatory agreements with the icc is expected to not exceed the total decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-
46
related activities in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for that unit would be discontinued, the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and the adverse impact to exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements could be material. for the nuclear units subject to the regulatory agreements with the papuc, any changes to the peco regulatory agreements could impact exelon's and generation's ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, and the impact to exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements could be material. if the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities is discontinued, any remaining balances in noncurrent payables to affiliates at generation and comed's or peco's noncurrent affiliate receivable from generation and corresponding regulatory liability may need to be reversed and could have a material impact in generation's consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income.
generation's financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities (exelon and generation).
ferc has the exclusive authority to license most non-federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. the license for the muddy run pumped storage project expires on december 1, 2055. the license for the conowingo hydroelectric project expired on september 1, 2014. ferc issued an annual license, effective as of the expiration of the previous license. if ferc does not issue a license prior to the expiration of the annual license, the annual license renews automatically. generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses of its hydroelectric facilities. if ferc does not issue new operating licenses for generation's hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, generation's results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. generation could also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. in addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures, could result in increased operating costs or could render the project uneconomic and significantly affect generation's consolidated financial statements. similar effects could result from a change in the federal power act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by generation.
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive, and their assets could require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability (all registrants).
the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by generation in electric generating facilities and by the utility registrants in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. these operational systems and infrastructure have been in service for many years. equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the registrants' control, and could require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. the registrants' respective consolidated financial statements could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. furthermore, operational failure of electric or gas systems, generation facilities or infrastructure could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or injury to individuals. see item 1. business for additional information regarding the registrants' potential future capital expenditures.
the utility registrants' operating costs, and customers' and regulators' opinions of the utility registrants are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
failures of the equipment or facilities, including information systems, used in the utility registrants' delivery systems could interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and capital expenditures. equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including natural causes such as weather or information systems failure. specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in the utility registrants' service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements could be negatively impacted. furthermore, if
47
any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, the utility registrants' financial results could be negatively impacted. if an employee or third party causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, the utility registrants' financial results could also be negatively impacted. in addition, dependence upon automated systems could further increase the risk that operational system flaws or internal and/or external tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
the aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, could affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and the utility registrants' maintenance and capital expenditures. regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. under illinois law, however, comed could be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could be material to comed's consolidated financial statements.
the utility registrants' respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures could be negatively impacted by transmission congestion and failures of neighboring transmission systems (exelon and the utility registrants).
demand for electricity within the utility registrants' service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize the utility registrants' ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in pjm or ferc requiring the utility registrants to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.
the electricity transmission facilities of the utility registrants are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid that is operated by pjm rto. although pjm's systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions at other utilities will not cause interruptions in the utility registrants' service areas. if the utility registrants were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact in their and exelon's consolidated financial statements.
the registrants are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks (all registrants).
the registrants face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric and natural gas utility industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures, and such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks. a security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the registrants, their competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities in rtos and isos, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer, vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. the risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and while the registrants have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to physical and cyber-attacks, to date none has directly experienced a material breach or disruption to its network or information systems or our service operations. however, as such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, the registrants may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future. if a significant breach were to occur, the reputation of exelon or another registrant and its customer supply activities could be adversely affected, customer confidence in the registrants or others in the industry could be diminished, or exelon and its subsidiaries could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs, operations shutdown, etc., any of which could contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or consolidated financial statements. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. the utility registrants' deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories could increase the
48
risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by third parties. in addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by the registrants or their business operations and could adversely affect their consolidated financial statements.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact the registrants' consolidated financial statements (all registrants).
certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the registrants. the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. the registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. if the registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their consolidated financial statements could be negatively impacted.
the registrants could make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and acquisitions could not achieve the intended financial results (all registrants).
generation could continue to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. this could include investment opportunities in renewables, development of natural gas generation, nuclear advisory or operating services for third parties, distributed generation, potential expansion of the existing wholesale gas businesses and entry into liquefied natural gas. such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. as these markets mature, there could be new market entrants or expansion by established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. additionally, it is possible that ferc, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. all of these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.
the utility registrants face risks associated with their regulatory-mandated smart grid and utility of the future initiatives and other non-regulatory mandated initiatives. these risks include, but are not limited to, cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cybersecurity and obsolescence of technology. due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect in the utility registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants may not realize or achieve the anticipated cost savings through the cost management efforts which could impact the registrants' results of operations (all registrants).
the registrants' future financial performance and level of profitability is dependent, in part, on various cost reduction initiatives. the registrants may encounter challenges in executing these cost reduction initiatives and not achieve the intended cost savings.
page no.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations         72
exelon corporation                                                                            72
executive overview                                                                            72
financial results of operations                                                               73
significant 2018 transactions and recent developments                                         78
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2019 and beyond                                             83
liquidity considerations                                                                      85
other key business drivers and management strategies                                          85
critical accounting policies and estimates                                                    91
results of operations                                                                        102
exelon generation company, llc                                                               103
commonwealth edison company                                                                  111
peco energy company                                                                          115
baltimore gas and electric company                                                           119
pepco holdings llc                                                                           122
potomac electric power company                                                               124
delmarva power &amp; light company                                                           128
atlantic city electric company                                                               133
liquidity and capital resources                                                              136
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements                                   156
item 7a.   quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                   163
exelon corporation                                                                           163
exelon generation company, llc                                                               171
commonwealth edison company                                                                  173
peco energy company                                                                          175
baltimore gas and electric company                                                           177
pepco holdings llc                                                                           179
potomac electric power company                                                               181
delmarva power &amp; light company                                                           183
atlantic city electric company                                                               185
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exelon executive overview exelon is a utility services holding company engaged in the generation, delivery, and marketing of energy through generation and the energy distribution and transmission businesses through comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace.
exelon has twelve reportable segments consisting of generation's six reportable segments (mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions), comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace. during the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our new england region, generation is changing the way that information is reviewed by the codm. the new england region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the codm nor will it be presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. information for the new england region will be reviewed by the codm as part of other power regions. as a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2019, generation will disclose five reportable segments consisting of mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot and other power regions. see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding exelon's principal subsidiaries and reportable segments.
through its business services subsidiary, bsc, exelon provides its subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost, including legal, human resources, financial, information technology and supply management services. phi also has a business services subsidiary, phisco, which provides a variety of support services at cost, including legal, accounting, engineering, customer operations, distribution and transmission planning, asset management, system operations, and power procurement, to phi operating companies. the costs of bsc and phisco are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. additionally, the results of exelon's corporate operations include interest costs and income from various investment and financing activities.
exelon's consolidated financial information includes the results of its eight separate operating subsidiary registrants, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace, which, along with exelon, are collectively referred to as the registrants. the following combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is separately filed by exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace. however, none of the registrants makes any representation as to information related solely to any of the other registrants.
72
financial results of operations gaap results of operations. the following table sets forth exelon's gaap consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders by registrant for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 and december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. for additional information regarding the financial results for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 see the discussions of results of operations by registrant.
2018                                      2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance exelon          $2,010              $3,786                                     $(1,776                 )          $1,121                                      $2,665
generation         370               2,710                                      (2,340                 )             483                                       2,227
comed              664                 567                                          97                               378                                         189
peco               460                 434                                          26                               438                                          (4                 )
bge                313                 307                                           6                               286                                          21
pepco              210                 205                                           5                                42                                         163
dpl                120                 121                                          (1                 )              (9   )                                     130
ace                 75                  77                                          (2                 )             (42   )                                     119
other(b)          (195   )            (594   )                                     399                              (422   )                                    (172                 )
successor                                                                                                                                              predecessor for the years ended december 31,                    favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance            march 24 to december 31,                 january 1 to march 23,
2018                          2017                           2016                                                                 2016
phi(a)   $398                        $362                    $36                                                       $(61                  )                  $19
__________
(a)   includes the consolidated results of pepco, dpl and ace.
(b)   primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, exelon's corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing and investing activities.
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income attributable to common shareholders decreased by $1,776 million and diluted earnings per average common share decreased to $2.07 in 2018 from $3.99 in 2017 primarily due to:
•   impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes in 2017 as a result of the tcja;
•   net unrealized losses on ndt funds in 2018 compared to net gains in 2017;
•   lower realized energy prices;
•   accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the oyster creek and tmi nuclear facilities;
•   the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition in 2017;
•   decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions in 2017 related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments associated with the 2012 constellation and 2016 phi acquisitions;
•   increased mark-to-market losses;
•   the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities in 2017;
•   the absence of egtp earnings resulting from its deconsolidation in the fourth quarter of 2017;
73
•   long-lived asset impairments of certain merchant wind assets in west texas; and
•   increased storm costs at peco and bge.
the decreases were partially offset by;
•   the impact of the new york and illinois zec revenue (including the impact of zero emission credits generated in illinois from june 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017);
•   long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the egtp assets held for sale in 2017;
•   increased capacity prices;
•   the impact of lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja at generation;
•   net realized gains on ndt funds;
•   the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement;
•   decreased nuclear outage days;
•   increased electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate earnings at comed;
•   regulatory rate increases at peco, bge and phi;
•   the impact of favorable weather at peco, dpl and ace; and
•   the absences of a 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets at comed, bge and phi.
the decrease in diluted earnings per share was also due to the increase in exelon's average diluted shares outstanding as a result of the june 2017 common stock issuance.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income attributable to common shareholders increased by $2,665 million and diluted earnings per average common share increased to $3.99 in 2017 from $1.21 in 2016 primarily due to:
•   impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja;
•   the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition;
•   accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility in 2017 compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities;
•   higher net unrealized and realized gains on ndt funds;
•   the impact of the new york zec revenue;
•   the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities;
•   increased capacity prices;
•   decreased nuclear outage days;
•   decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions in 2017 related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments associated with the 2012 constellation and 2016 phi acquisitions compared to costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi acquisition and a charge related to a 2012 ceg merger commitment in 2016;
•   increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings at comed;
74
•   regulatory rate increases at bge and phi; and
•   penalties and associated interest expense as a result of a tax court decision on exelon's like-kind exchange position in 2016.
the increases were partially offset by;
•   long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the egtp assets held for sale;
•   lower realized energy prices;
•   the conclusion of the ginna reliability support services agreement;
•   increased costs related to the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility;
•   increased mark-to-market losses;
•   the impact of unfavorable weather at comed, peco, dpl and ace; and
•   the impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets at comed, bge and phi.
the net increase in diluted earnings per share from the items listed above was partially offset by the impact of the increase in exelon's average diluted shares outstanding as a result of the june 2017 common stock issuance.
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings. in addition to net income, exelon evaluates its operating performance using the measure of adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings because management believes it represents earnings directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of year-to-year operating results and provide an indication of exelon's baseline operating performance excluding items that are considered by management to be not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators management uses as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets and planning and forecasting of future periods. adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides a reconciliation between net income attributable to common shareholders as determined in accordance with gaap and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to 2017 and 2016:
75
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017                                                     2016
(all amounts after tax; in millions, except per share amounts)                                                                      earnings perdiluted share                                     earnings perdiluted share                                earnings perdiluted share net income attributable to common shareholders                                                                     $2,010           $2.07                                   $3,786                         $3.99                     $1,121                         $1.21
mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities(a) (net of taxes of $89, $68 and $18, respectively)              252                          0.26                        107                          0.11                         24                          0.03
unrealized losses (gains) related to ndt funds(b) (net of taxes of $289, $286 and $112, respectively)                 337                          0.35                       (318   )                     (0.34          )            (118   )                     (0.13          )
amortization of commodity contract intangibles(c) (net of taxes of $0, $22 and $22, respectively)                       -           -                                           34                          0.04                         35                          0.04
merger and integration costs(d) (net of taxes of $2, $25 and $50, respectively)                                         3           -                                           40                          0.04                        114                          0.12
merger commitments(e) (net of taxes of $0, $137 and $126, respectively)                                                 -           -                                         (137   )                     (0.14          )             437                          0.47
long-lived asset impairments(f) (net of taxes of $13, $204 and $68, respectively)                                      35                          0.04                        321                          0.34                        103                          0.11
plant retirements and divestitures(g) (net of taxes of $181, $134 and $273, respectively)                             512                          0.53                        207                          0.22                        432                          0.47
cost management program(h) (net of taxes of $16, $21 and $21, respectively)                                            48                          0.05                         34                          0.04                         34                          0.04
annual asset retirement obligation update(i) (net of taxes of $7, $1 and $13, respectively)                            20                          0.02                         (2   )                         -                        (75   )                     (0.08          )
vacation policy change(j) (net of taxes of $0, $21 and $0, respectively)                                                -           -                                          (33   )                     (0.03          )               -                             -
change in environmental liabilities (net of taxes of $0, $17 and $0, respectively)                                     (1   )       -                                           27                          0.03                          -                             -
bargain purchase gain(k) (net of taxes of $0, $0 and $0, respectively)                                                  -           -                                         (233   )                     (0.25          )               -                             -
gain on deconsolidation of business(l) (net of taxes of $0, $83 and $0, respectively)                                   -           -                                         (130   )                     (0.14          )               -                             -
gain on contract settlement(m) (net of taxes of $20, $0 and $0, respectively)                                         (55   )       (0.06                 )                      -                             -                          -                             -
like-kind exchange tax position(n) (net of taxes of $0, $66 and $61, respectively)                                      -           -                                          (26   )                     (0.03          )             199                          0.21
curtailment of generation growth and development activities(o) (net of taxes of $0, $0 and $35, respectively)           -           -                                            -                             -                         57                          0.06
reassessment of deferred income taxes(p) (entire amount represents tax expense)                                       (22   )       (0.02                 )                 (1,299   )                     (1.37          )              10                          0.01
tax settlements(q) (net of taxes of $0, $1 and $0, respectively)                                                        -           -                                           (5   )                     (0.01          )               -                             -
noncontrolling interests(r) (net of taxes of $24, $24 and $9, respectively)                                          (113   )       (0.12                 )                    114                          0.12                        102                          0.11
adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings                                                                             $3,026           $3.12                                   $2,487                         $2.62                     $2,475                         $2.67
76
__________
note:
unless otherwise noted, the income tax impact of each reconciling item between gaap net income and adjusted (non-gaap) operating earnings is based on the marginal statutory federal and state income tax rates for each registrant, taking into account whether the income or expense item is taxable or deductible, respectively, in whole or in part. for all items except the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds, the marginal statutory income tax rates for 2018, 2017 and 2016 ranged from 26.0 percent to 29.0 percent, 39.0 percent to 41.0 percent and 39.0 percent to 41.0 percent, respectively. under irs regulations, ndt fund returns are taxed at different rates for investments if they are in qualified or non-qualified funds. the effective tax rates for the unrealized gains and losses related to ndt funds were 46.2 percent, 47.4 percent and 48.7 percent for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(a)   reflects the impact of net losses on economic hedging activities. see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to hedging activities.
(b)   reflects the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on generation's ndt funds for non-regulatory and regulatory agreement units. the impacts of the regulatory agreement units, including the associated income taxes, are contractually eliminated, resulting in no earnings impact.
(c)   represents the non-cash amortization of intangible assets, net, primarily related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value related to, in 2016, the integrys and conedison solutions acquisitions, and in 2017, the conedison solutions and fitzpatrick acquisitions.
(d)   reflects certain costs associated with mergers and acquisitions, including, if and when applicable, professional fees, employee-related expenses and integration activities. in 2016 and 2017, reflects costs related to the phi and fitzpatrick acquisitions, partially offset in 2016 at comed, and in 2017, at phi, by the anticipated recovery of previously incurred phi acquisition costs. in 2018, reflects costs related to the phi acquisition. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(e)   represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi acquisition, and in 2016, a charge related to a 2012 ceg merger commitment, and in 2017, primarily a decrease in reserves for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments associated with the 2012 ceg and 2016 phi acquisitions.
(f)   in 2016, primarily reflects the impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects at generation. in 2017, primarily reflects the impairment of the egtp assets held for sale and phi district of columbia sponsorship intangible asset. in 2018, primarily reflects the impairment of certain wind projects at generation.
(g)   in 2016, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses through december 2016 and construction work in progress impairments associated with generation's previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the new boston generating site. in 2017, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges associated with generation's previous decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility. in 2018, primarily reflects accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges associated with generation's decision to early retire the oyster creek nuclear facility, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the oyster creek aro and accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the previous decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of its electrical contracting business.
(h)   primarily represents severance and reorganization costs related to a cost management program.
(i)   for pepco, reflects an increase related to asbestos identified at its buzzard point property.
(j)   represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in exelon's vacation vesting policy.
(k)   represents the excess of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired over the purchase price for the fitzpatrick acquisition.
(l)   represents the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing.
(m)   represents the gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement at generation.
(n)   represents in 2016 the recognition of a penalty and associated interest expense as a result of a tax court decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position, and in 2017, adjustments to income tax, penalties and interest expenses as a result of the finalization of the irs tax computation related to exelon's like-kind exchange tax position.
(o)   reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
(p)   reflects in 2016 the non-cash impact of the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of changes in forecasted apportionment related to the phi acquisition. in 2017, one-time non-cash impacts associated with remeasurements of deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja (including impacts on pension obligations contained within other), changes in the illinois and district of columbia statutory tax rates and changes in forecasted apportionment. in 2018, reflects an adjustment to the remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja and changes in forecasted apportionment.
(q)   reflects benefits related to the favorable settlement of certain income tax positions related to phi's unregulated business interests.
(r)   represents elimination from generation's results of the noncontrolling interests related to certain exclusion items, primarily related to the impact of unrealized gains and losses on ndt funds at ceng.
77
significant 2018 transactions and recent developments regulatory implications of the tax cuts and jobs act (tcja)
the utility registrants have made filings with their respective state regulators to begin passing back to customers the ongoing annual tax savings resulting from the tcja. the amounts being proposed to be passed back to customers reflect the annual benefit of lower income tax rates and the settlement of a portion of deferred income tax regulatory liabilities established upon enactment of the tcja. the utility registrants have identified over $675 million in ongoing annual savings to be returned to customers related to tcja from their distribution utility operations. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
utility rates and base rate proceedings the utility registrants file base rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
78
the following tables show the utility registrants' completed and pending distribution base rate case proceedings in 2018. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on other regulatory proceedings.
completed utility distribution base rate case proceedings registrant/jurisdiction                   filing date                                                        requested revenue requirement increase (decrease)         approved revenue requirement increase (decrease)                  approved roe   approval date       rate effective date comed - illinois (electric)               april 16, 2018                                                                               $(23                  )   (a)   $(24                                  )                  (a)     8.69   %        december 4, 2018    january 1, 2019
peco - pennsylvania (electric)            march 29, 2018                                                                                $82                      (a)   $25                                                      (a)               n/a   december 20, 2018   january 1, 2019
bge - maryland (natural gas)              june 8, 2018 (amended august 24, 2018 and october 12, 2018)                                   $61                            $43                                                      9.8            %        january 4, 2019     january 4, 2019
pepco - maryland (electric)               january 2, 2018 (amended february 5, 2018)                                                     $3                      (a)   $(15                                  )                  (a)      9.5   %        may 31, 2018        june 1, 2018
pepco - district of columbia (electric)   december 19, 2017 (amended february 9, 2018)                                                  $66                            $(24                                  )                  (a)    9.525   %        august 9, 2018      august 13, 2018
dpl - maryland (electric)                 july 14, 2017 (amended november 16, 2017)                                                     $19                            $13                                                      9.5            %        february 9, 2018    february 9, 2018
dpl - delaware (electric)                 august 17, 2017 (amended february 9, 2018)                                                    $12                      (a)   $(7                                   )                  (a)      9.7   %        august 21, 2018     march 17, 2018
dpl - delaware (natural gas)              august 17, 2017 (amended february 9, 2018)                                                     $4                      (a)   $(4                                   )                  (a)      9.7   %        november 8, 2018    march 17, 2018
__________
(a)   includes the annual ongoing tcja tax savings further discussed above.
79
pending distribution base rate case proceedings registrant/jurisdiction       filing date                                       requested revenue requirement increase           requested roe   expected approval timing ace - new jersey (electric)   august 21, 2018 (amended november 19, 2018)                          $122                  (a)     10.1        %   third quarter of 2019
pepco - maryland (electric)   january 15, 2019                                                      $30                  10.3                %   third quarter of 2019
__________
(a)   includes the annual ongoing tcja tax savings further discussed above.
transmission formula rate the following total (decreases)/increases were included in comed's, bge's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's 2018 annual electric transmission formula rate updates.
registrant       initial revenue requirement (decrease) increase(b)       annual reconciliation increase/(decrease)   total revenue requirement (decrease) increase)                 allowed return on rate base(d)      allowed roe(e)
comed(a)                                    $(44                  )                             $18                   $(26                                )                                  8.32                 %     11.50   %
bge(a)                                        10                                                  4                                                  26                     (c)              7.61                 %     10.50   %
pepco                                          6                                                  2                                                   8                                      7.82                 %     10.50   %
dpl                                           14                                                 13                                                  27                                      7.29                 %     10.50   %
ace(a)                                         4                                                 (4               )   -                                                                      8.02                 %     10.50   %
__________
(a)   the time period for any challenges to the annual transmission formula rate update flings expired with no challenges submitted.
(b)   the initial revenue requirement changes reflect the annual benefit of lower income tax rates effective january 1, 2018 resulting from the enactment of the tcja of $69 million, $18 million, $13 million, $12 million and $11 million for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace, respectively. they do not reflect the pass back or recovery of income tax-related regulatory liabilities or assets, including those established upon enactment of the tcja. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(c)   bge's transmission revenue requirement includes a ferc approved dedicated facilities charge of $12 million to recover the costs of providing transmission service to specifically designated load by bge.
(d)   represents the weighted average debt and equity return on transmission rate bases.
(e)   as part of the ferc-approved settlement of comed's 2007 transmission rate case, the rate of return on common equity is 11.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a rto, and the common equity component of the ratio used to calculate the weighted average debt and equity return for the transmission formula rate is currently capped at 55%. as part of the ferc-approved settlement of the roe complaint against bge, pepco, dpl and ace, the rate of return on common equity is 10.50%, inclusive of a 50-basis-point incentive adder for being a member of a rto.
peco transmission formula rate on may 1, 2017, peco filed a request with ferc seeking approval to update its transmission rates and change the manner in which peco's transmission rate is determined from a fixed rate to a formula rate. the formula rate will be updated annually to ensure that under this rate customers pay the actual costs of providing transmission services. the formula rate filing includes a requested increase of $22 million to peco's annual transmission revenues and a requested rate of return on common equity of 11%, inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a regional transmission organization. peco requested that the new transmission rate be effective as of july 2017. on june 27, 2017, ferc issued an order accepting the filing and suspending the proposed rates until december 1, 2017, subject to refund, and set the matter for hearing and settlement judge procedures. on may 4, 2018, the chief administrative law judge terminated settlement judge procedures and designated a new presiding judge. peco cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding, or the transmission formula ferc may approve.
on may 11, 2018, pursuant to the transmission formula rate request discussed above, peco made its first annual formula rate update, which included a revenue decrease of $6 million. the revenue decrease of $6 million included
80
an approximately $20 million reduction as a result of the tax savings associated with the tcja. the updated transmission rate was effective june 1, 2018, subject to refund.
illinois zec procurement pursuant to feja, on january 25, 2018, the icc announced that generation's clinton unit 1, quad cities unit 1 and quad cities unit 2 nuclear plants were selected as the winning bidders through the ipa's zec procurement event. generation executed the required zec procurement contracts with illinois utilities, including comed, effective january 26, 2018 and began recognizing revenue, with compensation for the sale of zecs retroactive to the june 1, 2017 effective date of feja. during the year ended december 31, 2018, generation recognized revenue of $373 million, of which $150 million related to zecs generated from june 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017.
early plant retirements on february 2, 2018, exelon announced that generation will permanently cease generation operations at oyster creek at the end of its current operating cycle and permanently ceased generation operations in september 2018. because of the decision to early retire oyster creek in 2018, exelon and generation recognized certain one-time charges in the first quarter of 2018 related to a materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustment, employee-related costs and construction work-in-progress impairments, among other items.
on july 31, 2018, generation entered into an agreement with holtec international and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary, oyster creek environmental protection, llc, for the sale and decommissioning of oyster creek. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on may 30, 2017, generation announced it will permanently cease generation operations at three mile island generating station (tmi) on or about september 30, 2019. the plant is currently committed to operate through may 2019. as a result of the early nuclear plant retirement decisions at oyster creek and tmi, exelon and generation will also recognize annual incremental non-cash charges to earnings stemming from shortening the expected economic useful lives primarily related to accelerated depreciation of plant assets (including any arc), accelerated amortization of nuclear fuel, and additional aro accretion expense associated with the changes in decommissioning timing and cost assumptions were also recorded. the following table summarizes the actual incremental non-cash expense item incurred in 2018 and the estimated amount of incremental non-cash expense items expected to be incurred in 2019 due to the early retirement decisions.
actual             projected(a)
income statement expense (pre-tax)                  2018                     2019
depreciation and amortization(b)
accelerated depreciation(c)                    $539                   $230
accelerated nuclear fuel amortization            57                      5
operating and maintenance(d)                     32                      5
total                                          $628                   $240
_________
(a)   actual results may differ based on incremental future capital additions, actual units of production for nuclear fuel amortization, future revised aro assumptions, etc.
(b)   reflects incremental accelerated depreciation and amortization for tmi and oyster creek for the year ended december 31, 2018. the oyster creek year-to-date amounts are from february 2, 2018 through september 17, 2018.
(c)   reflects incremental accelerated depreciation of plant assets, including any arc.
(d)   primarily includes materials and supplies inventory reserve adjustments, employee-related costs and cwip impairments.
in 2017, pseg made public similar financial challenges facing its new jersey nuclear plants including salem, of which generation owns a 42.59% ownership interest. pseg is the operator of salem and also has the decision making authority to retire salem.
on may 23, 2018, new jersey enacted legislation that established a zec program, similar to that in illinois and new york, that will provide compensation for nuclear plants that demonstrate to the njbpu that they meet certain requirements, including that they make a significant contribution to air quality in the state and that their revenues are insufficient to cover their costs and risks. the njbpu must complete its processes for determining eligibility for,
81
and participation in, the zec program by april 18, 2019. on december 19, 2018, pseg submitted its application for salem. assuming the successful implementation of the new jersey zec program and the selection of salem as one of the qualifying facilities, the new jersey zec program has the potential to mitigate the heightened risk of earlier retirement for salem. see note 4 - regulatory matters and note 8 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
generation's dresden, byron, and braidwood nuclear plants in illinois are also showing increased signs of economic distress, which could lead to an early retirement, in a market that does not currently compensate them for their unique contribution to grid resiliency and their ability to produce large amounts of energy without carbon and air pollution. the may 2018 pjm capacity auction for the 2021-2022 planning year resulted in the largest volume of nuclear capacity ever not selected in the auction, including all of dresden, and portions of byron and braidwood. exelon continues to work with stakeholders on state policy solutions, while also advocating for broader market reforms at the regional and federal level.
on march 29, 2018, based on iso-ne capacity auction results for the 2021 - 2022 planning year in which mystic unit 9 did not clear, generation notified grid operator iso-ne of its plans to early retire its mystic generating station assets absent regulatory reforms on june 1, 2022, at the end of the current capacity commitment for mystic units 7 and 8. as a result of these developments, generation completed a comprehensive review of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the new england asset group during the first quarter of 2018 and no impairment charge was required.
the iso-ne announced that it would take a three-step approach to fuel security.
•   first, on may 1, 2018, iso-ne made a filing with ferc requesting waiver of certain tariff provisions to allow it to retain mystic units 8 and 9 for fuel security for the 2022 - 2024 planning years. ferc denied the waiver request on procedural grounds on july 2, 2018 and ordered iso-ne to (i) make a filing within 60 days providing for the filing of a short-term cost-of-service agreement to address fuel security concerns and (ii) make a filing by july 1, 2019 proposing permanent tariff revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns.
•   second, in accordance with ferc's july 2, 2018 order, on august 31, 2018, iso-ne made a filing with ferc proposing short-term tariff changes to permit it to retain a resource for fuel security reliability reasons, which ferc accepted on december 3, 2018.
•   third, iso-ne stated its intention to work with stakeholders to develop long-term market rule changes to address system resiliency considering significant reliability risks identified in iso-ne's january 2018 fuel security report. changes to market rules are necessary because critical units to the region, such as mystic units 8 and 9, cannot recover future operating costs including the cost of procuring fuel. in its july 2, 2018 order, ferc ordered iso-ne to make a filing by july 1, 2019 proposing permanent tariff revisions that would improve its market design to better address regional fuel security concerns. in january 2019, iso-ne indicated that it intends to seek an extension of the deadline for this filing to november 15, 2019.
on may 16, 2018, generation made a filing with ferc to establish cost-of-service compensation and terms and conditions of service for mystic units 8 and 9 for the period between june 1, 2022 - may 31, 2024. on december 20, 2018, ferc issued an order accepting the cost of service agreement reflecting a number of adjustments to the annual fixed revenue requirement and allowing for recovery of a substantial portion of the costs associated with the everett marine terminal. on january 4, 2019, generation notified iso-ne that it will participate in the forward capacity market auction for the 2022 - 2023 capacity commitment period. in addition, on january 22, 2019, exelon and several other parties filed requests for rehearing of certain findings of the december 20, 2018 order. the request for rehearing does not alter generation's commitment to participate in the forward capacity auction for the 2022-2023 capacity commitment period. further developments such as the failure of iso-ne to adopt long-term solutions for reliability and fuel security could potentially result in future impairments of the new england asset group, which could be material. see note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles and note 8 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
pension plan merger effective january 1, 2019, exelon is merging the exelon corporation cash balance pension plan (cbpp) into the exelon corporation retirement program (ecrp). the merging of the plans is not changing the benefits offered to the plan participants and, thus, has no impact on exelon's pension obligation. however, beginning in 2019, actuarial
82
losses and gains related to the cbpp and ecrp will be amortized over participants' average remaining service period of the merged ecrp rather than each individual plan, which will lower exelon's 2019 pre-tax pension cost by approximately $90 million.
winter storm-related costs during march 2018 there were powerful nor'easter storms that brought a mix of heavy snow, ice and high sustained winds and gusts to the region that interrupted electric service delivery to customers in peco's, bge's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's service territories. restoration efforts included significant costs associated with employee overtime, support from other utilities and incremental equipment, contracted tree trimming crews and supplies, which resulted in incremental operating and maintenance expense and incremental capital expenditures in the first quarter of 2018 for peco, bge, phi, pepco, dpl and ace. in addition, phi, pepco, dpl and ace recorded regulatory assets for amounts that are probable of recovery through customer rates. the impacts recorded by the registrants for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 are presented below:
(in millions)
customer outages            incremental operating &amp; maintenance             incremental capital expenditures exelon   1,727,000                                           $88                   (b)                       $85
peco       750,000                                            53                   34
bge        425,000                                            31                   16
phi(a)     552,000                                             4                   (b)                        35
pepco      182,000                                             2                   (b)                         4
dpl        138,000                                             2                   (b)                         4
ace        232,000                                             -                   (b)                        27
________
(a)   phi reflects the consolidated customer outages, incremental operating &amp; maintenance and incremental capital expenditures of pepco, dpl and ace.
(b)   excludes amounts that were deferred and recognized as regulatory assets at exelon, phi, pepco, dpl and ace of $27 million, $27 million, $5 million, $1 million and $21 million, respectively.
westinghouse electric company llc bankruptcy on march 29, 2017, westinghouse electric company llc (westinghouse) and its affiliated debtors filed petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code in the u.s. bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york. on january 4, 2018, westinghouse announced its agreement to be purchased by an affiliate of brookfield business partners, llc (brookfield) for approximately $4.6 billion. on march 28, 2018, the bankruptcy court entered an order confirming the debtor's second amended joint plan of reorganization which provides for the transaction with brookfield. the transaction closed on august 1, 2018. exelon had contracts with westinghouse primarily related to generation's purchase of nuclear fuel, as well as a variety of services and equipment purchases associated with the operation and maintenance of nuclear generating stations. in conjunction with the confirmation hearing, exelon had filed a reservation of rights regarding reorganizing westinghouse's assumption of all exelon contracts. exelon reached an agreement with brookfield, and all exelon contracts were assumed by brookfield on the closing date.
exelon's strategy and outlook for 2019 and beyond exelon's value proposition and competitive advantage come from its scope and its core strengths of operational excellence and financial discipline. exelon leverages its integrated business model to create value. exelon's regulated and competitive businesses feature a mix of attributes that, when combined, offer shareholders and customers a unique value proposition:
•   the utility registrants provide a foundation for steadily growing earnings, which translates to a stable currency in our stock.
83
•   generation's competitive businesses provide free cash flow to invest primarily in the utilities and in long-term, contracted assets and to reduce debt.
exelon believes its strategy provides a platform for optimal success in an energy industry experiencing fundamental and sweeping change.
exelon's utility strategy is to improve reliability and operations and enhance the customer experience, while ensuring ratemaking mechanisms provide the utilities fair financial returns. the utility registrants only invest in rate base where it provides a benefit to customers and the community by improving reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. the utility registrants make these investments at the lowest reasonable cost to customers. exelon seeks to leverage its scale and expertise across the utilities platform through enhanced standardization and sharing of resources and best practices to achieve improved operational and financial results. additionally, the utility registrants anticipate making significant future investments in smart grid technology, transmission projects, gas infrastructure, and electric system improvement projects, providing greater reliability and improved service for our customers and a stable return for the company.
generation's competitive businesses create value for customers by providing innovative energy solutions and reliable, clean and affordable energy. generation's electricity generation strategy is to pursue opportunities that provide stable revenues and generation to load matching to reduce earnings volatility. generation leverages its energy generation portfolio to deliver energy to both wholesale and retail customers. generation's customer-facing activities foster development and delivery of other innovative energy-related products and services for its customers. generation operates in well-developed energy markets and employs an integrated hedging strategy to manage commodity price volatility. its generation fleet, including its nuclear plants which consistently operate at high capacity factors, also provide geographic and supply source diversity. these factors help generation mitigate the current challenging conditions in competitive energy markets.
exelon's financial priorities are to maintain investment grade credit metrics at each of the registrants, to maintain optimal capital structure and to return value to exelon's shareholders with an attractive dividend throughout the energy commodity market cycle and through stable earnings growth. exelon's board of directors approved a dividend policy providing a raise of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
various market, financial, regulatory, legislative and operational factors could affect the registrants' success in pursuing their strategies. exelon continues to assess infrastructure, operational, commercial, policy, and legal solutions to these issues. one key issue is ensuring the ability to properly value nuclear generation assets in the market, solutions to which exelon is actively pursuing in a variety of jurisdictions and venues. see item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding market and financial factors.
continually optimizing the cost structure is a key component of exelon's financial strategy.  in august 2015, exelon announced a cost management program focused on cost savings of approximately $400 million at bsc and generation, which was fully realized in 2018.  approximately 75% of the savings were related to generation, with the remaining amount related to the utility registrants. in november 2017, exelon announced a commitment for an additional $250 million of cost savings, primarily at generation, to be achieved by 2020. in november 2018, exelon announced the elimination of an approximately additional $200 million of annual ongoing costs, through initiatives primarily at generation and bsc, by 2021. approximately $150 million is expected to be related to generation, with the remaining amount related to the utility registrants. these actions are in response to the continuing economic challenges confronting all parts of exelon's business and industry, necessitating continued focus on cost management through enhanced efficiency and productivity.
growth opportunities management continually evaluates growth opportunities aligned with exelon's businesses, assets and markets, leveraging exelon's expertise in those areas and offering sustainable returns.
regulated energy businesses. the phi merger enhances exelon's regulated growth to provide stable cash flows, earnings accretion, and dividend support.  additionally, the utility registrants anticipate investing approximately $29 billion over the next five years in electric and natural gas infrastructure improvements and modernization projects, including smart grid technology, storm hardening, advanced reliability technologies, and transmission projects, which is projected to result in an increase to current rate base of approximately $16 billion by the end of 2023. the utility registrants invest in rate base where beneficial to customers and the community by
84
increasing reliability and the service experience or otherwise meeting customer needs. these investments are made at the lowest reasonable cost to customers.
see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the smart meter and smart grid investments and infrastructure development and enhancement programs.
competitive energy businesses. generation continually assesses the optimal structure and composition of its generation assets as well as explores wholesale and retail opportunities within the power and gas sectors. generation's long-term growth strategy is to ensure appropriate valuation of its generation assets, in part through public policy efforts, identify and capitalize on opportunities that provide generation to load matching as a means to provide stable earnings, and identify emerging technologies where strategic investments provide the option for significant future growth or influence in market development.
liquidity considerations each of the registrants annually evaluates its financing plan, dividend practices and credit line sizing, focusing on maintaining its investment grade ratings while meeting its cash needs to fund capital requirements, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and opeb obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. a broad spectrum of financing alternatives beyond the core financing options can be used to meet its needs and fund growth including monetizing assets in the portfolio via project financing, asset sales, and the use of other financing structures (e.g., joint ventures, minority partners, etc.). the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have unsecured syndicated revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $0.6 billion, $5.3 billion, $1.0 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.6 billion, $0.3 billion, $0.3 billion and $0.3 billion, respectively. generation also has bilateral credit facilities with aggregate maximum availability of $0.5 billion. see liquidity and capital resources - credit matters - exelon credit facilities below and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for additional information regarding the registrants' liquidity for the year ended december 31, 2018, see liquidity and capital resources discussion below.
project financing project financing is used to help mitigate risk of specific generating assets. project financing is based upon a nonrecourse financial structure, in which project debt is paid back from the cash generated by the specific asset or portfolio of assets. borrowings under these agreements are secured by the assets and equity of each respective project. the lenders do not have recourse against exelon or generation in the event of a default. if a specific project financing entity does not maintain compliance with its specific debt financing covenants, there could be a requirement to accelerate repayment of the associated debt or other project-related borrowings earlier than the stated maturity dates. in these instances, if such repayment was not satisfied, or restructured, the lenders or security holders would generally have rights to foreclose against the project-specific assets and related collateral. the potential requirement to satisfy its associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated could lead to impairments due to a higher likelihood of disposing of the respective project-specific assets significantly before the end of their useful lives. additionally, project finance has credit facilities of $0.2 billion as of december 31, 2018. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on nonrecourse debt.
other key business drivers and management strategies utility rates and rate proceedings the utility registrants file rate cases with their regulatory commissions seeking increases or decreases to their electric transmission and distribution, and gas distribution rates to recover their costs and earn a fair return on their investments. the outcomes of these regulatory proceedings impact the utility registrants' current and future results
85
of operations, cash flows and financial positions. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these regulatory proceedings.
power markets price of fuels the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is increasing natural gas supply and reserves, which places downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on wholesale and retail power prices, which results in a reduction in exelon's revenues. forward natural gas prices have declined significantly over the last several years; in part reflecting an increase in supply due to strong natural gas production (due to shale gas development).
ferc inquiry on resiliency on august 23, 2017, the doe staff released its report on the reliability of the electric grid. one aspect of the wide-ranging report is the doe's recognition that the electricity markets do not currently value the resiliency provided by base-load generation, such as nuclear plants. on september 28, 2017, the doe issued a notice of proposed rulemaking (nopr) that would entitle certain eligible resilient generating units (i.e., those located in organized markets, with a 90-day supply of fuel on site, not already subject to state cost of service regulation and satisfying certain other requirements) to recover fully allocated costs and earn a fair return on equity on their investment. on january 8, 2018, ferc issued an order terminating the rulemaking docket that it initiated to address the proposed rule in the doe nopr, concluding the proposed rule did not sufficiently demonstrate there is a resiliency issue and that it proposed a remedy that did not appear to be just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory as required under the federal power act. at the same time, ferc initiated a new proceeding to consider resiliency challenges to the bulk power system and evaluate whether additional ferc action to address resiliency would be appropriate. ferc directed each rto and iso to respond within 60 days to 24 specific questions about how they assess and mitigate threats to resiliency. thereafter, interested parties submitted reply comments on may 9, 2018, and a few parties submitted further replies. exelon has been and will continue to be an active participant in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
complaints and pjm filing at ferc seeking to mitigate zec programs pjm and nyiso capacity markets include a minimum offer price rule (mopr) that is intended to preclude buyers from exercising buyer market power. if a resource is subjected to a mopr, its offer is adjusted to effectively remove the revenues it receives through a government-provided financial support program - resulting in a higher offer that may not clear the capacity market. currently, the moprs in pjm and nyiso apply only to certain new gas-fired resources.
on january 9, 2017, epsa filed two requests with ferc: one seeking to amend a prior complaint against pjm and another seeking expedited action on a pending nyiso compliance filing in an existing proceeding. a similar complaint also against pjm was filed at ferc on may 31, 2018. these complaints generally allege that the relevant mopr should be expanded to also apply to existing resources including those receiving zec compensation under the new york ces and illinois zes programs. exelon filed protests at ferc in response to each filing, arguing generally that zec payments provide compensation for an environmental attribute that is distinct from the energy and capacity sold in the ferc-jurisdictional markets, and therefore, are no different than other renewable support programs like the ptc and rps programs that have generally not been subject to a mopr. however, if successful, for generation's facilities in pjm and nyiso that are currently receiving zec compensation (quad cities, ginna, fitzpatrick and nine mile point), an expanded mopr could require exclusion of zec compensation when bidding into future capacity auctions such that these facilities would have an increased risk of not clearing in future capacity auctions and thus no longer receiving capacity revenues during the respective zec programs. any mitigation of these generating resources could have a material effect on exelon's and generation's future cash flows and results of operations. the same risk would also exist for the salem facility if salem is selected as an eligible facility under the new jersey zec program.
separately, pjm submitted two proposed alternative capacity market reforms in april 2018 for ferc's consideration. pjm argued that either alternative will resolve any conflict between state policy support for certain resources and the need to ensure reasonable prices for non-supported resources. the first alternative was to implement a twice-run capacity clearing mechanism (known as the repricing proposal) and, if not acceptable to ferc, a second
86
alternative that would expand the existing mopr to both new and existing generating resources, subject to certain exemptions (known as moprex).
in june 2018, ferc issued an order rejecting both of pjm's proposed alternatives, finding both to be unjust and unreasonable. in the same order, ferc also addressed one of the mopr complaints involving pjm and concluded based on that complaint and pjm's filing that pjm's existing tariff allows resources receiving out-of-market support to affect capacity prices in a manner that will cause unjust and unreasonable and unduly discriminatory rates in pjm regardless of the intent motivating the support. ferc suggested that modifying two elements of pjm's existing tariff could produce a just and reasonable replacement and asked for initial comments on its proposal by august 28, 2018, later extended to october 2, 2018. first, ferc found that an expansion of the current mopr mechanism to cover all existing generating resources, regardless of resource type, including those receiving either zec or rec compensation, could protect the capacity markets from unwanted price suppression. second, ferc preliminarily found that a modified version of pjm's existing fixed resource requirement (frr) option could enable state subsidized resources and a corresponding amount of load to be removed from the capacity market, thereby alleviating their price suppressive effects on capacity clearing prices. under this alternative, state supported generating resources would potentially be compensated through mechanisms other than through pjm's existing market mechanism. ferc established march 21, 2016 as the refund effective date and also allowed pjm to delay its next capacity auction from may 2019 to august 2019 to allow parties time to develop and file proposals in the ferc proceeding, ferc time to determine the appropriate solution and pjm time to implement ferc's solution. on october 2, 2018, exelon, along with several ratepayer advocates, environmental organizations and other nuclear generators, submitted shared principles supporting a workable new frr mechanism (as suggested by ferc) and detailing how such a mechanism should be implemented. exelon also submitted individual comments covering matters not addressed in the shared principles. ferc has not yet issued a decision on the second mopr complaint involving pjm or the mopr complaint involving nyiso. it is too early to predict the final outcome of each of these proceedings or their potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
section 232 uranium petition on january 16, 2018, two canadian-owned uranium mining companies with operations in the u.s. jointly submitted a petition to the u.s. department of commerce (doc) seeking relief under section 232 of the trade expansion act of 1962 (as amended) from imports of uranium products, alleging that these imports threaten national security (the petition). the trade expansion act of 1962 (the act) was promulgated by congress to protect essential national security industries whose survival is threatened by imports. as such, the act authorizes the secretary of commerce (the secretary) to conduct investigations to evaluate the effects of imports of any item on the national security of the u.s. the petition alleges that the loss of a viable u.s. uranium mining industry would have a significant detrimental impact on the national, energy, and economic security of the u.s. and the ability of the country to sustain an independent nuclear fuel cycle.
on july 18, 2018, the secretary announced that the doc has initiated an investigation in response to the petition. the secretary has 270 days to prepare and submit a report to president trump, who then has 90 days to act on the secretary's recommendations. exelon and generation cannot currently predict the outcome of this investigation. the relief sought by the petitioners would require u.s. nuclear reactors to purchase at least 25% of their uranium needs from domestic mines over the next 10 years, although the doc will make an independent determination regarding an appropriate remedy should it find that imports impair national security. it is reasonably possible that if this petition is successful the resulting increase in nuclear fuel costs in future periods could have a material, unfavorable impact on exelon's and generation's financial statements.
potential doe order pursuant to defense production act and federal power act the doe is considering an order directing isos, for 24 months, to purchase electric energy or generation capacity from a designated list of coal and nuclear generation facilities. based on a draft memorandum, the order would be pursuant to doe's authorities under the defense production act and federal power act, and would forestall any further actions towards retiring, decommissioning, or deactivating coal and nuclear facilities during the term of the order. the order would emphasize the importance of grid resiliency, in addition to grid reliability, noting that fuel security and diversity are critical components of resiliency. the doe recognizes that the underlying economic and regulatory issues are complex and will take time resolve. the order's 24-month duration would enable doe to conduct additional analyses to gain a detailed understanding of location-specific vulnerabilities in u.s. energy delivery systems, while preserving certain generation facilities. exelon has been and will continue to be an active
87
participant in these proceedings but cannot predict the final outcome or its potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or generation.
energy demand modest economic growth partially offset by energy efficiency initiatives is resulting in relatively flat load growth in electricity for the utility registrants. comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are projecting load volumes to increase (decrease) by (0.2)%, (0.1)%, 0.3%, (0.3)% and (1.5)%, respectively, in 2019 compared to 2018. peco is projecting load volumes to be flat in 2019 compared to 2018.
retail competition generation's retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affect the margins that generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. forward natural gas and power prices are expected to remain low and thus we expect retail competitors to stay aggressive in their pursuit of market share, and that wholesale generators (including generation) will continue to use their retail operations to hedge generation output.
strategic policy alignment as part of its strategic business planning process, exelon routinely reviews its hedging policy, dividend policy, operating and capital costs, capital spending plans, strength of its balance sheet and credit metrics, and sufficiency of its liquidity position, by performing various stress tests with differing variables, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging practices, and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades.
exelon's board of directors declared first, second, third and fourth quarter 2018 dividends of $0.3450 per share each on exelon's common stock, and the first quarter 2019 dividends declared was $0.3625. the dividends for the first, second, third and fourth quarter 2018 were paid on march 9, 2018, june 8, 2018, september 10, 2018 and december 10, 2018, respectively. the first quarter 2019 dividend is payable on march 8, 2019.
exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
hedging strategy exelon's policy to hedge commodity risk on a ratable basis over three-year periods is intended to reduce the financial impact of market price volatility. generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. generation enters into non-derivative and derivative contracts, including financially-settled swaps, futures contracts and swap options, and physical options and physical forward contracts, all with credit-approved counterparties, to hedge this anticipated exposure. generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2019 and 2020. however, generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years with respect to which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio is currently unhedged. as of december 31, 2018, the percentage of expected generation hedged for the mid-atlantic, midwest, new york and ercot reportable segments is 89%-92%, 56%-59% and 32%-35% for 2019, 2020, and 2021 respectively. the percentage of expected generation hedged is the amount of equivalent sales divided by the expected generation. expected generation is the volume of energy that best represents our commodity position in energy markets from owned or contracted generating facilities based upon a simulated dispatch model that makes assumptions regarding future market conditions, which are calibrated to market quotes for power, fuel, load following products, and options. equivalent sales represent all hedging products, such as wholesale and retail sales of power, options and swaps. generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate commodity price risk in subsequent years as well.
generation procures oil and natural gas through long-term and short-term contracts and spot-market purchases. nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services, or a combination thereof, and contracted fuel fabrication services. the supply markets for uranium concentrates and certain nuclear fuel services, coal, oil and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. supply market conditions may make generation's procurement contracts subject to credit risk related to the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver the contracted commodity or service at the contracted prices. approximately 62% of generation's uranium concentrate requirements from 2019 through 2023 are supplied by three producers. in the event of non-performance by these
88
or other suppliers, generation believes that replacement uranium concentrate can be obtained, although at prices that may be unfavorable when compared to the prices under the current supply agreements. non-performance by these counterparties could have a material adverse impact on exelon's and generation's results of operations, cash flows and financial positions.
the utility registrants mitigate commodity price risk through regulatory mechanisms that allow them to recover procurement costs from retail customers.
environmental legislative and regulatory developments exelon was actively involved in the obama administration's development and implementation of environmental regulations for the electric industry, in pursuit of its business strategy to provide reliable, clean, affordable and innovative energy products. these efforts have most frequently involved air, water and waste controls for fossil-fueled electric generating units, as set forth in the discussion below. these regulations have had a disproportionate adverse impact on coal-fired power plants, requiring significant expenditures of capital and variable operating and maintenance expense, and have resulted in the retirement of older, marginal facilities. due to its low emission generation portfolio, generation has not been significantly affected by these regulations, representing a competitive advantage relative to electric generators that are more reliant on fossil fuel plants.
through the issuance of a series of executive orders (eo), president trump has initiated review of a number of epa and other regulations issued during the obama administration, with the expectation that the administration will seek repeal or significant revision of these rules. under these eos, each executive agency is required to evaluate existing regulations and make recommendations regarding repeal, replacement, or modification. the administration's actions are intended to result in less stringent compliance requirements under air, water, and waste regulations. the exact nature, extent, and timing of the regulatory changes are unknown, as well as the ultimate impact on exelon's and its subsidiaries results of operations and cash flows.
in particular, the administration has targeted existing epa regulations for repeal, including notably the clean power plan, as well as revoking many executive orders, reports, and guidance issued by the obama administration on the topic of climate change or the regulation of greenhouse gases. the executive order also disbanded the interagency working group that developed the social cost of carbon used in rulemakings, and withdrew all technical support documents supporting the calculation. other regulations that have been specifically identified for review are the clean water act rule relating to jurisdictional waters of the u.s., the steam electric effluent guidelines relating to waste water discharges from coal-fired power plants, and the 2015 national ambient air quality standard (naaqs) for ozone. the review of final rules could extend over several years as formal notice and comment rulemaking process proceeds.
air quality mercury and air toxics standard rule (mats). on december 16, 2011, the epa signed a final rule to reduce emissions of toxic air pollutants from power plants and signed revisions to the nsps for electric generating units. the final rule, known as mats, requires coal-fired electric generation plants to achieve high removal rates of mercury, acid gases and other metals, and to make capital investments in pollution control equipment and incur higher operating expenses. the initial compliance deadline to meet the new standards was april 16, 2015; however, facilities may have been granted an additional one or two-year extension in limited cases. numerous entities challenged mats in the d.c. circuit court, and exelon intervened in support of the rule. in april 2014, the d.c. circuit court issued an opinion upholding mats in its entirety. on appeal, the u.s. supreme court decided in june 2015 that the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs in determining whether it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants emitted by electric utilities. the u.s. supreme court, however, did not vacate the rule; rather, it was remanded to the d.c. circuit court to take further action consistent with the u.s. supreme court's opinion on this single issue. on april 27, 2017, the d.c. circuit granted epa's motion to hold the litigation in abeyance, pending epa's review of the mats rule pursuant to president trump's eo discussed above. following epa's review and determination of its course of action for the mats rule, the parties will have 30 days to file motions on future proceedings. notwithstanding the court's order to hold the litigation in abeyance, the mats rule remains in effect. exelon will continue to participate in the remanded proceedings before the d.c. circuit court as an intervenor in support of the rule. on december 28, 2018, the epa proposed to revoke the "appropriate and necessary" finding underpinning the mats rule. while the proposal would leave in place the rule, it would leave it vulnerable to future legal challenge.
89
clean power plan. on april 28, 2017, the d.c. circuit court issued orders in separate litigation related to the epa's actions under the clean power plan (cpp) to amend clean air act section 111(d) regulation of existing fossil-fired electric generating units and section 111(b) regulation of new fossil-fired electric generating units. in both cases, the court has determined to hold the litigation in abeyance pending a determination whether the rule should be remanded to the epa. on october 10, 2017, epa issued a proposed rule to repeal the cpp in its entirety, based on a proposed change in the agency's legal interpretation of clean air act section 111(d) regarding actions that the agency can consider when establishing the best system of emission reduction ("bser") for existing power plants. under the proposed interpretation, the agency exceeded its authority under the clean air act by regulating beyond individual sources of ghg emissions. subsequently, on august 31, 2018, epa proposed its affordable clean energy rule (ace), which would replace the cpp with revised emission guidelines based on heat rate improvement measures that could be achieved within the fence line of existing power plants.
2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards (naaqs). on april 11, 2017, the d.c. circuit ordered that the consolidated 2015 ozone naaqs litigation be held in abeyance pending epa's further review of the 2015 rule. epa did not meet the october 1, 2017 deadline to promulgate initial designations for areas in attainment or non-attainment of the standard. a number of states and environmental organizations have notified the epa of their intent to file suit to compel epa to issue the designations.
climate change. exelon supports comprehensive climate change legislation or regulation, including a cap-and-trade program for ghg emissions, which balances the need to protect consumers, business and the economy with the urgent need to reduce national ghg emissions. in the absence of federal legislation, the epa is moving forward with the regulation of ghg emissions under the clean air act. in addition, there have been recent developments in the international regulation of ghg emissions pursuant to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfccc" or "convention"). see item 1. business, "global climate change" for additional information.
water quality section 316(b) requires that the cooling water intake structures at electric power plants reflect the best technology available to minimize adverse environmental impacts and is implemented through state-level npdes permit programs. all of generation's power generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. facilities without closed-cycle recirculating systems (e.g., cooling towers) are potentially most affected by recent changes to the regulations. for generation, those facilities are calvert cliffs, clinton, dresden, eddystone, fairless hills, fitzpatrick, ginna, gould street, handley, mystic 7, nine mile point unit 1, peach bottom, quad cities, and salem. see item 1. business, "water quality" for additional information.
solid and hazardous waste in october 2015, the first federal regulation for the disposal of coal combustion residuals (ccr) from power plants became effective. the rule classifies ccr as non-hazardous waste under rcra. under the regulation, ccr will continue to be regulated by most states subject to coordination with the federal regulations. generation has previously recorded accruals consistent with state regulation for its owned coal ash sites, and as such, the regulation is not expected to impact exelon's and generation's financial results. generation does not have sufficient information to reasonably assess the potential likelihood or magnitude of any remediation requirements that may be asserted under the new federal regulations for coal ash disposal sites formerly owned by generation. for these reasons, generation is unable to predict whether and to what extent it may ultimately be held responsible for remediation and other costs relating to formerly owned coal ash disposal sites under the new regulations.
see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to environmental matters, including the impact of environmental regulation.
other legislative and regulatory developments delaware distribution system investment charge on june 14, 2018, the governor of delaware signed new distribution system investment charge (dsic) legislation, which establishes a system improvement charge that provides a mechanism to recover infrastructure investments, allowing for gradual rate increases and limiting frequency of distribution base rate cases. on november 30, 2018, dpl filed its first electric and gas filing in delaware with the new rates being put into effect on january 1, 2019. this legislation supports needed infrastructure investment and allows for more timely recovery of those investments, however exelon, phi and dpl do not expect a material impact on the financial statements.
90
pennsylvania alternative ratemaking on june 28, 2018, the governor of pennsylvania signed act 58 of 2018, which authorizes the papuc to review and approve utility-proposed alternative rate mechanisms, including options such as decoupling mechanisms, formula rates, multi-year rate plans, and performance based rates. exelon and peco cannot predict the outcome or the potential financial impact, if any, on exelon or peco.
district of columbia clean energy bill on december 18, 2018, the council of the district of columbia passed the clean energy district of columbia omnibus amendment act of 2018 (the act), which was subsequently signed by the mayor of the district of columbia on january 18, 2019.  the act is expected to take effect in february 2019 following the expiration of a 30-day review process by the u.s. house of representatives.  among other things, the act would increase electric load by requiring all public buses, taxis and other specified fleets to be solely zero-emissions vehicles by 2045.  the act would also clarify that, under certain circumstances, the gas and electric utilities may offer and receive cost recovery including a return on investment on capital and related costs for energy efficiency programs in the district of columbia.
employees in january 2017, an election was held at bge which resulted in union representation for approximately 1,284 employees. bge and ibew local 410 are negotiating an initial agreement which could result in some modifications to wages, hours and other terms and conditions of employment. negotiations have been productive and continue. no agreement has been finalized to date and management cannot predict the outcome of such negotiations. negotiations that began in 2017 for a first collective bargaining agreement with a small unit of employees represented by local 501 of operating engineers at exelon's hyperion solutions facility are complete and the new cba will expire in 2021. during 2017, generation finalized cbas with the security officer unions at lasalle, limerick and quad cities, which all will expire in 2020 and dresden expiring in 2021. additionally, during 2017, generation acquired and combined two cbas at fitzpatrick into one cba covering both craft and security employees, which will expire in 2023. generation also successfully finalized the cba with the ibew union at tmi, which will expire in 2022. during 2018, generation finalized its cba with the security officer's union at braidwood, which will expire in 2021. additionally, ace successfully finalized two contract renewals with the ibew local 210, and the new bas will expire in 2023. as previously reported, there was an organizing effort over approximately 18 ace control room system operators. while an election was held with an outcome favorable to local 210, collective bargaining over this small segment of employees will not commence until the issue of whether the system operators are nlra statutory supervisors is determined, and that matter is currently before the nlrb. furthermore, there was an organizing effort at peco over approximately 150 working foreperson positions. in october 2018, the working foreperson group overwhelmingly rejected unionization in an election held by the nlrb. lastly, on december 27, 2018 a representation petition was filed by the leosu union seeking to represent security officers at clinton power station who are currently represented by seiu local 1. the current collective bargaining agreement between exelon nuclear security and the seiu local 1 has been extended, so that the matter between the two rival labor organizations can be resolved. no election or determination has been held and it is anticipated that this matter will be resolved in 2019.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements. management believes that the accounting policies described below require significant judgment in their application, or incorporate estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. additional information of the application of these accounting policies can be found in the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
nuclear decommissioning asset retirement obligations (exelon and generation)
generation's aro associated with decommissioning its nuclear units was $10.0 billion at december 31, 2018. the authoritative guidance requires that generation estimate its obligation for the future decommissioning of its nuclear generating plants. to estimate that liability, generation uses an internally-developed, probability-weighted, discounted cash flow model which, on a unit-by-unit basis, considers multiple decommissioning outcome scenarios.
91
as a result of recent nuclear plant retirements in the industry, nuclear operators and third-party service providers are obtaining more information about costs associated with decommissioning activities. at the same time, regulators are gaining more information about decommissioning activities which could result in changes to existing decommissioning requirements. in addition, as more nuclear plants are retired, it is possible that technological advances will be identified that could create efficiencies and lead to a reduction in decommissioning costs. the availability of ndt funds could impact the timing of the decommissioning activities. additionally, certain factors such as changes in regulatory requirements during plant operations or the profitability of a nuclear plant could impact the timing of plant retirements. these factors could result in material changes to generation's current estimates as more information becomes available and could change the timing of plant retirements and the probability assigned to the decommissioning outcome scenarios.
the nuclear decommissioning obligation is adjusted on a regular basis due to the passage of time and revisions to the key assumptions for the expected timing and/or estimated amounts of the future undiscounted cash flows required to decommission the nuclear plants, based upon the following methodologies and significant estimates and assumptions:
decommissioning cost studies. generation uses unit-by-unit decommissioning cost studies to provide a marketplace assessment of the expected costs (in current year dollars) and timing of decommissioning activities, which are validated by comparison to current decommissioning projects within the industry and other estimates. decommissioning cost studies are updated, on a rotational basis, for each of generation's nuclear units at least every five years, unless circumstances warrant more frequent updates. as part of the annual cost study update process, generation evaluates newly assumed costs or substantive changes in previously assumed costs to determine if the cost estimate impacts are sufficiently material to warrant application of the updated estimates to the aros across the nuclear fleet outside of the normal five-year rotating cost study update cycle.
cost escalation factors. generation uses cost escalation factors to escalate the decommissioning costs from the decommissioning cost studies discussed above through the assumed decommissioning period for each of the units. cost escalation studies, updated on an annual basis, are used to determine escalation factors, and are based on inflation indices for labor, equipment and materials, energy, llrw disposal and other costs. all of the nuclear aros are adjusted each year for the updated cost escalation factors.
probabilistic cash flow models. generation's probabilistic cash flow models include the assignment of probabilities to various scenarios for decommissioning cost levels, decommissioning approaches, and timing of plant shutdown on a unit-by-unit basis. probabilities assigned to cost levels include an assessment of the likelihood of costs 20% higher (high-cost scenario) or 15% lower (low-cost scenario) than the base cost scenario. the assumed decommissioning scenarios include the following three alternatives: (1) decon which assumes decommissioning activities begin shortly after the cessation of operation, (2) shortened safstor generally has a 30-year delay prior to onset of decommissioning activities, and (3) safstor which assumes the nuclear facility is placed and maintained in such condition that the nuclear facility can be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated generally within 60 years after cessation of operations. in each decommissioning scenario, spent fuel is transferred to dry cask storage as soon as possible until doe acceptance for disposal.
the actual decommissioning approach selected once a nuclear facility is shutdown will be determined by generation at the time of shutdown and may be influenced by multiple factors including the funding status of the nuclear decommissioning trust fund at the time of shutdown.
the assumed plant shutdown timing scenarios include the following four alternatives: (1) the probability of operating through the original 40-year nuclear license term, (2) the probability of operating through an extended 60-year nuclear license term (regardless of whether such 20-year license extension has been received for each unit), (3) the probability of a second, 20-year license renewal for some nuclear units, and (4) the probability of early plant retirement for certain sites due to changing market conditions and regulatory environments. the successful operation of nuclear plants in the u.s. beyond the initial 40-year license terms has prompted the nrc to consider regulatory and technical requirements for potential plant operations for an 80-year nuclear operating term. as power market and regulatory environment developments occur, generation evaluates and incorporates, as necessary, the impacts of such developments into its nuclear aro assumptions and estimates.
generation's probabilistic cash flow models also include an assessment of the timing of doe acceptance of snf for disposal. generation currently assumes doe will begin accepting snf in 2030. the snf acceptance date assumption is based on management's estimates of the amount of time required for doe to select a site location
92
and develop the necessary infrastructure for long-term snf storage. for additional information regarding the estimated date that doe will begin accepting snf, see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
discount rates. the probability-weighted estimated future cash flows for the various assumed scenarios are discounted using credit-adjusted, risk-free rates (carfr) applicable to the various businesses in which each of the nuclear units originally operated. generation initially recognizes an aro at fair value and subsequently adjusts it for changes to estimated costs, timing of future cash flows and modifications to decommissioning assumptions. the aro is not required or permitted to be re-measured for changes in the carfr that occur in isolation. increases in the aro as a result of upward revisions in estimated undiscounted cash flows are considered new obligations and are measured using a current carfr as the increase creates a new cost layer within the aro. any decrease in the estimated undiscounted future cash flows relating to the aro are treated as a modification of an existing aro cost layer and, therefore, is measured using the average historical carfr rates used in creating the initial aro cost layers. if generation's future nominal cash flows associated with the aro were to be discounted at current prevailing carfr, the obligation would increase from approximately $10.0 billion to approximately $10.1 billion.
the following table illustrates the significant impact that changes in the carfr, when combined with changes in projected amounts and expected timing of cash flows, can have on the valuation of the aro (dollars in millions):
change in the carfr applied to the annual aro update       increase (decrease) to aro at december 31, 2018
2017 carfr rather than the 2018 carfr                     $50
2018 carfr increased by 50 basis points                    (100           )
2018 carfr decreased by 50 basis points                     130
aro sensitivities. changes in the assumptions underlying the aro could materially affect the decommissioning obligation. the impact to the aro of a change in any one of these assumptions is highly dependent on how the other assumptions may correspondingly change.
the following table illustrates the effects of changing certain aro assumptions while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
change in aro assumption                                                                                                                 increase to aro at december 31, 2018
cost escalation studies uniform increase in escalation rates of 50 basis points                                                                                     $1,530
probabilistic cash flow models increase the estimated costs to decommission the nuclear plants by 10 percent                                                                  650
increase the likelihood of the decon scenario by 10 percent and decrease the likelihood of the safstor scenario by 10 percent(a)               410
shorten each unit's probability weighted operating life assumption by 10 percent(b)                                                            720
extend the estimated date for doe acceptance of snf to 2035                                                                                     90
__________
(a)   excludes any sites in which management has committed to a specific decommissioning approach.
(b)   excludes any retired site or sites for which an early plant retirement has been announced.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies, note 8 - early plant retirements and note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for nuclear decommissioning obligations.
goodwill (exelon, comed and phi)
as of december 31, 2018, exelon's $6.7 billion carrying amount of goodwill consists of $2.6 billion at comed, $4 billion at phi and immaterial amounts at generation and dpl. these entities are required to perform an assessment for possible impairment of their goodwill at least annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances
93
change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting units below their carrying amount. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (known as a component) and is the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment. comed has a single operating segment and reporting unit. phi's operating segments and reporting units are pepco, dpl and ace. see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. exelon's and comed's goodwill has been assigned entirely to the comed reporting unit. exelon's and phi's goodwill has been assigned to the pepco, dpl and ace reporting units in the amounts of $2.1 billion, $1.4 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively. see note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. as part of the qualitative assessments, exelon, comed and phi evaluate, among other things, management's best estimate of projected operating and capital cash flows for their businesses, outcomes of recent regulatory proceedings, changes in certain market conditions, including the discount rate and regulated utility peer ebitda multiples, and the passing margin from their last quantitative assessments performed.
exelon's, comed's and phi's accounting policy is to perform a quantitative test of goodwill at least once every three years, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit, which management estimates using a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and a market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, projected operating and capital cash flows for comed's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's businesses and the fair value of debt. in applying the second step (if needed), management must estimate the fair value of specific assets and liabilities of the reporting unit.
while the annual assessments indicated no impairments, certain assumptions used in the assessment are highly sensitive to changes. adverse regulatory actions or changes in significant assumptions could potentially result in future impairments of exelon's, comed's or phi's goodwill, which could be material. based on the results of the last annual quantitative goodwill tests performed as of november 1, 2016 and november 1, 2018 for comed and phi, respectively, the estimated fair values of the comed, pepco, dpl and ace reporting units would have needed to decrease by more than 30%, 30%, 20% and 30%, respectively, for comed and phi to fail the first step of their respective impairment tests.
see note 1 - significant accounting policies and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
purchase accounting (exelon, generation and phi)
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. the difference between the purchase price amount and the net fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill on the balance sheet if the purchase price exceeds the estimated net fair value or as a bargain purchase gain on the income statement if the purchase price is less than the estimated net fair value. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment, often utilizes independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, could significantly impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. the allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year after the acquisition date as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. if the transaction is determined to be an asset acquisition the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and no goodwill or bargain purchase gain would be recorded.  see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities (exelon, generation and phi)
94
unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the remaining unamortized balances of non-derivative energy contracts that generation has acquired and the electricity contracts exelon has acquired as part of the phi merger. the initial amount recorded represents the fair value of the contracts at the time of acquisition. at exelon and phi, offsetting regulatory assets or liabilities were also recorded for those energy contract costs that are probable of recovery or refund through customer rates. the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities and any corresponding regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, are amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the expected realization of the underlying cash flows. amortization of the unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities is recorded through purchased power and fuel expense or operating revenues, depending on the nature of the underlying contract. see note 4 - regulatory matters, note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions and note 10 - intangible assets of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impairment of long-lived assets (all registrants)
all registrants regularly monitor and evaluate their long-lived assets and asset groups, excluding goodwill, for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. indicators of potential impairment may include a deteriorating business climate, including declines in energy prices, condition of the asset, an asset remaining idle for more than a short period of time, specific regulatory disallowance, advances in technology, plans to dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its useful life, and financial distress of a third party for assets contracted with them on a long-term basis, among others.
the review of long-lived assets and asset groups for impairment utilizes significant assumptions about operating strategies and estimates of future cash flows, which require assessments of current and projected market conditions. for the generation business, forecasting future cash flows requires assumptions regarding forecasted commodity prices for the sale of power and purchases of fuel and the expected operations of assets. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the recoverability of an asset or asset group and, thus, could have a significant impact in the consolidated financial statements. an impairment evaluation is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets or asset groups are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for the generation business, the lowest level of independent cash flows is determined by the evaluation of several factors, including the geographic dispatch of the generation units and the hedging strategies related to those units as well as the associated intangible assets or liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. the cash flows from the generating units are generally evaluated at a regional portfolio level with cash flows generated from the customer supply and risk management activities, including cash flows from related intangible assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. in certain cases, generating assets may be evaluated on an individual basis where those assets are contracted on a long-term basis with a third party and operations are independent of other generating assets (typically contracted renewables). for such assets the financial viability of the third party, including the impact of bankruptcy on the contract, may be a significant assumption in the assessment.
on a quarterly basis, generation assesses its long-lived assets or asset groups for indicators of impairment. if indicators are present for a long-lived asset or asset group, a comparison of the undiscounted expected future cash flows to the carrying value is performed. when the undiscounted cash flow analysis indicates the carrying value of a long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable, the amount of the impairment loss is determined by measuring the excess of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group over its fair value. the fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group is dependent upon a market participant's view of the exit price of the assets. this includes significant assumptions of the estimated future cash flows generated by the assets and market discount rates. events and circumstances often do not occur as expected and there will usually be differences between prospective financial information and actual results, and those differences may be material. the determination of fair value is driven by both internal assumptions that include significant unobservable inputs (level 3) such as revenue and generation forecasts, projected capital, and maintenance expenditures and discount rates, as well as information from various public, financial and industry sources.
see note 7 - impairment of long-lived assets and intangibles of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of asset impairment evaluations made by exelon.
depreciable lives of property, plant and equipment (all registrants)
the registrants have significant investments in electric generation assets and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets. these assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis, using the group, composite or unitary methods of depreciation. the group approach is typically for groups of similar assets that have
95
approximately the same useful lives and the composite approach is used for heterogeneous assets that have different lives. under both methods, a reporting entity depreciates the assets over the average life of the assets in the group. the estimation of asset useful lives requires management judgment, supported by formal depreciation studies of historical asset retirement experience. depreciation studies are generally completed every five years, or more frequently if required by a rate regulator or if an event, regulatory action, or change in retirement patterns indicate an update is necessary.
for the utility registrants, depreciation studies generally serve as the basis for amounts allowed in customer rates for recovery of depreciation costs. generally, the utility registrants adjust their depreciation rates for financial reporting purposes concurrent with adjustments to depreciation rates reflected in customer rates, unless the depreciation rates reflected in customer rates do not align with management's judgment as to an appropriate estimated useful life or have not been updated on a timely basis. depreciation expense and customer rates for comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace includes an estimate of the future costs of dismantling and removing plant from service upon retirement. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding regulatory liabilities and assets recorded by comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace related to removal costs.
peco's removal costs are capitalized to accumulated depreciation when incurred, and recorded to depreciation expense over the life of the new asset constructed consistent with peco's regulatory recovery method. estimates for such removal costs are also evaluated in the periodic depreciation studies.
at generation, along with depreciation study results, management considers expected future energy market conditions and generation plant operating costs and capital investment requirements in determining the estimated service lives of its generating facilities. see note 8 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
changes in estimated useful lives of electric generation assets and of electric and natural gas transmission and distribution assets could have a significant impact on the registrants' future results of operations. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding depreciation and estimated service lives of the property, plant and equipment of the registrants.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits (all registrants)
exelon sponsors defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement employee benefit plans for substantially all current employees. the measurement of the plan obligations and costs of providing benefits involves various factors, including the development of valuation assumptions and inputs and accounting policy elections. when developing the required assumptions, exelon considers historical information as well as future expectations. the measurement of benefit obligations and costs is affected by several assumptions including the discount rate applied to benefit obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets, the anticipated rate of increase of health care costs, exelon's expected level of contributions to the plans, the incidence of participant mortality, the expected remaining service period of plan participants, the level of compensation and rate of compensation increases, employee age, length of service, and the long-term expected investment rate credited to employees of certain plans, among others. the assumptions are updated annually and upon any interim remeasurement of the plan obligations. exelon amortizes actuarial gains or losses in excess of a corridor of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value (mrv) of plan assets over the expected average remaining service period of plan participants.
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets include equity securities, including u.s. and international securities, and fixed income securities, as well as certain alternative investment classes such as real estate, private equity and hedge funds.
expected rate of return on plan assets. in determining the eroa, exelon considers historical economic indicators (including inflation and gdp growth) that impact asset returns, as well as expectation regarding future long-term capital market performance, weighted by exelon's target asset class allocations. exelon calculates the amount of expected return on pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets by multiplying the eroa by the mrv of plan assets at the beginning of the year, taking into consideration anticipated contributions and benefit payments to be made during the year. in determining mrv, the authoritative guidance for pensions and postretirement benefits allows the use of either fair value or a calculated value that recognizes changes in fair value in a systematic and rational manner over not more than five years. for the majority of pension plan assets, exelon uses a calculated
96
value that adjusts for 20% of the difference between fair value and expected mrv of plan assets. use of this calculated value approach enables less volatile expected asset returns to be recognized as a component of pension cost from year to year. for other postretirement benefit plan assets and certain pension plan assets, exelon uses fair value to calculate the mrv.
discount rate. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the discount rates were determined by developing a spot rate curve based on the yield to maturity of a universe of high-quality non-callable (or callable with make whole provisions) bonds with similar maturities to the related pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. the spot rates are used to discount the estimated future benefit distribution amounts under the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. the discount rate is the single level rate that produces the same result as the spot rate curve. exelon utilizes an analytical tool developed by its actuaries to determine the discount rates.
mortality. the mortality assumption is composed of a base table that represents the current expectation of life expectancy of the population adjusted by an improvement scale that attempts to anticipate future improvements in life expectancy. exelon's mortality assumption is supported by an actuarial experience study of exelon's plan participants and utilizes the irs's rp-2000 base table and the scale bb 2-dimensional improvement scale with long-term improvements of 0.75%.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions. the following tables illustrate the effects of changing certain of the actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding all other assumptions constant (dollars in millions):
actual assumption actuarial assumption                                 pension            opeb   change inassumption             pension              opeb               total change in 2018 cost:
discount rate (a)                                      3.62%           3.61%                  0.5%           $(51    )          $(17   )            $(68   )
3.62%           3.61%                (0.5)%             62                 21                  83
eroa                                                   7.00%           6.60%                  0.5%            (90    )           (13   )            (103   )
7.00%           6.60%                (0.5)%             89                 13                 102
change in benefit obligation at december 31, 2018:
discount rate (a)                                      4.31%           4.30%                  0.5%         (1,180    )          (246   )          (1,426   )
4.31%           4.30%                (0.5)%          1,371                284               1,655
__________
(a)   in general, the discount rate will have a larger impact on the pension and other postretirement benefit cost and obligation as the rate moves closer to 0%. therefore, the discount rate sensitivities above cannot necessarily be extrapolated for larger increases or decreases in the discount rate. additionally, exelon utilizes a liability-driven investment strategy for its pension asset portfolio. the sensitivities shown above do not reflect the offsetting impact that changes in discount rates may have on pension asset returns.
see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
regulatory accounting (exelon and utility registrants)
for their regulated electric and gas operations, exelon and the utility registrants reflect the effects of cost-based rate regulation in their financial statements, which is required for entities with regulated operations that meet the following criteria: (1) rates are established or approved by a third-party regulator; (2) rates are designed to recover the entities' cost of providing services or products; and (3) a reasonable expectation that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and collected from customers. regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because of their probable future recovery from customers through regulated rates. regulatory liabilities represent (1) revenue or gains that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts will be returned to customers through future regulated rates; or (2) billings in advance of expenditures for approved regulatory programs. if it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of operations no longer meets the criteria discussed above, exelon and the utility registrants would be required to eliminate any associated regulatory assets and liabilities and the impact would be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and could be material.
97
the following table illustrates the gains (losses) that could result from the elimination of regulatory assets and liabilities and charges against oci (dollars in millions before taxes) related to deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and other postretirement benefit plans that are recorded as regulatory assets in exelon's consolidated balance sheets:
december 31, 2018               exelon   comed           peco        bge           phi           pepco         dpl           ace gain (loss)                  $744        $4,743          $55         $694          $(853     )   $(84      )   $375          $(6     )
charge against oci(a)      $3,754        $-              $-          $-            $-            $-            $-            $-
___________
(a)   exelon's charge against oci (before taxes) consists of up to $2.4 billion, $529 million, $157 million, $413 million, $208 million and $105 million related to comed's, bge's, phi's, pepco's, dpl's and ace's respective portions of the deferred costs associated with exelon's pension and other postretirement benefit plans. exelon also has a net regulatory liability of $(47) million (before taxes) related to peco's portion of the deferred costs associated with exelon's other postretirement benefit plans that would result in an increase in oci if reversed.
see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters, including the regulatory assets and liabilities tables of exelon and the utility registrants.
for each regulatory jurisdiction in which they conduct business, exelon and the utility registrants assess whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement at each balance sheet date and when regulatory events occur. this assessment includes consideration of recent rate orders, historical regulatory treatment for similar costs in each registrant's jurisdictions, and factors such as changes in applicable regulatory and political environments. if the assessments and estimates made by exelon and the utility registrants for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities are ultimately different than actual regulatory outcomes, the impact in their consolidated financial statements could be material.
refer to the revenue recognition discussion below for additional information on the annual revenue reconciliations associated with icc-approved electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rates for comed, and ferc transmission formula rate tariffs for the utility registrants.
accounting for derivative instruments (all registrants)
the registrants use derivative instruments to manage commodity price risk, foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk related to ongoing business operations. the registrants' derivative activities are in accordance with exelon's risk management policy (rmp). see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the registrants account for derivative financial instruments under the applicable authoritative guidance. determining whether a contract qualifies as a derivative requires that management exercise significant judgment, including assessing market liquidity as well as determining whether a contract has one or more underlyings and one or more notional quantities. changes in management's assessment of contracts and the liquidity of their markets, and changes in authoritative guidance, could result in previously excluded contracts becoming in scope to new authoritative guidance.
under current authoritative guidance, all derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value, except for certain derivatives that qualify for, and are elected under, the normal purchases and normal sales exception. derivatives entered into for economic hedging and for proprietary trading purposes are recorded at fair value through earnings. for economic hedges that are not designated for hedge accounting for the utility registrants, changes in the fair value each period are generally recorded with a corresponding offsetting regulatory asset or liability given likelihood of recovering the associated costs through customer rates.
normal purchases and normal sales exception. as part of generation's energy marketing business, generation enters into contracts to buy and sell energy to meet the requirements of its customers. these contracts include short-term and long-term commitments to purchase and sell energy and energy-related products in the retail and wholesale markets with the intent and ability to deliver or take delivery. while some of these contracts are considered derivative financial instruments under the authoritative guidance, certain of these qualifying transactions have been designated by generation as normal purchases and normal sales transactions, which are thus not required to be
98
recorded at fair value, but rather on an accrual basis of accounting. determining whether a contract qualifies for the normal purchases and normal sales exception requires judgment on whether the contract will physically deliver and requires that management ensure compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation requirements. revenues and expenses on contracts that qualify as normal purchases and normal sales are recognized when the underlying physical transaction is completed. contracts that qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception are those for which physical delivery is probable, quantities are expected to be used or sold in the normal course of business over a reasonable period of time and the contract is not financially settled on a net basis. the contracts that comed has entered into with suppliers as part of comed's energy procurement process, peco's full requirement contracts under the papuc-approved dsp program, most of peco's natural gas supply agreements, all of bge's full requirement contracts and natural gas supply agreements that are derivatives and certain pepco, dpl and ace full requirement contracts qualify for and are accounted for under the normal purchases and normal sales exception.
commodity contracts. identification of a commodity contract as an economic hedge requires generation to determine that the contract is in accordance with the rmp. generation reassesses its economic hedges on a regular basis to determine if they continue to be within the guidelines of the rmp.
as a part of the authoritative guidance, the registrants make estimates and assumptions concerning future commodity prices, load requirements, interest rates, the timing of future transactions and their probable cash flows, the fair value of contracts and the expected changes in the fair value in deciding whether or not to enter into derivative transactions, and in determining the initial accounting treatment for derivative transactions. under the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements, the registrants categorize these derivatives under a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
derivative contracts are traded in both exchange-based and non-exchange-based markets. exchange-based derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are generally categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
certain derivatives' pricing is verified using indicative price quotations available through brokers or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. the price quotations reflect the average of the bid-ask mid-point from markets that the registrants believe provide the most liquid market for the commodity. the price quotations are reviewed and corroborated to ensure the prices are observable and representative of an orderly transaction between market participants. the registrant's derivatives are traded predominately at liquid trading points. the remaining derivative contracts are valued using models that consider inputs such as contract terms, including maturity, and market parameters, and assumptions of the future prices of energy, interest rates, volatility, credit worthiness and credit spread. for derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, the model inputs are generally observable. such instruments are categorized in level 2.
for derivatives that trade in less liquid markets with limited pricing information, the model inputs generally would include both observable and unobservable inputs and are categorized in level 3.
the registrants consider nonperformance risk, including credit risk in the valuation of derivative contracts, including both historical and current market data in its assessment of nonperformance risk, including credit risk. the impacts of nonperformance and credit risk to date have generally not been material to the financial statements.
interest rate and foreign exchange derivative instruments. the registrants may utilize fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps to achieve the targeted level of variable-rate debt as a percent of total debt. additionally, the registrants may use forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels and floating to fixed swaps for project financing. in addition, generation enters into interest rate derivative contracts to economically hedge risk associated with the interest rate component of commodity positions. generation does not utilize interest rate derivatives with the objective of benefiting from shifts or changes in market interest rates. to manage foreign exchange rate exposure associated with international energy purchases in currencies other than u.s. dollars, generation utilizes foreign currency derivatives, which are typically designated as economic hedges. the fair value of the agreements is calculated by discounting the future net cash flows to the present value based on observable inputs and are primarily categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. certain exchange based interest rate derivatives that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets are categorized in level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
99
see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and note 11 - fair value of financial assets and liabilities and note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' derivative instruments.
taxation (all registrants)
significant management judgment is required in determining the registrants' provisions for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowances. the registrants account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of tax benefits to be recorded in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
the registrants evaluate quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and their intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the registrants also assess negative evidence, such as the expiration of historical operating loss or tax credit carryforwards, that could indicate the registrant's inability to realize its deferred tax assets. based on the combined assessment, the registrants record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including future changes in income tax laws, the registrants' forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
accounting for loss contingencies (all registrants)
in the preparation of their financial statements, the registrants make judgments regarding the future outcome of contingent events and record liabilities for loss contingencies that are probable and can be reasonably estimated based upon available information. the amount recorded may differ from the actual expense incurred when the uncertainty is resolved. such difference could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
environmental costs. environmental investigation and remediation liabilities are based upon estimates with respect to the number of sites for which the registrants will be responsible, the scope and cost of work to be performed at each site, the portion of costs that will be shared with other parties, the timing of the remediation work and changes in technology, regulations and the requirements of local governmental authorities. annual studies and/or reviews are conducted at comed, peco, bge and dpl to determine future remediation requirements for mgp sites and estimates are adjusted accordingly. in addition, periodic reviews are performed at each of the registrants to assess the adequacy of other environmental reserves. these matters, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a significant impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, including personal injury claims. the registrants are self-insured for general liability, automotive liability, workers' compensation, and personal injury claims to the extent that losses are within policy deductibles or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. the registrants have reserves for both open claims asserted and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported (ibnr). the ibnr reserve is estimated based on actuarial assumptions and analysis and is updated annually. future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed each year, the average cost of disposing of claims, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding litigation and possible state and national legislative measures could cause the actual costs to be higher or lower than estimated. accordingly, these claims, if resolved in a manner different from the estimate, could have a material impact in the registrants' consolidated financial statements.
100
revenue recognition (all registrants)
sources of revenue and determination of accounting treatment. the registrants earn revenues from various business activities including: the sale of power and energy-related products, such as natural gas, capacity, and other commodities in non-regulated markets (wholesale and retail); the sale and delivery of power and natural gas in regulated markets; and the provision of other energy-related non-regulated products and services.
the accounting treatment for revenue recognition is based on the nature of the underlying transaction and applicable authoritative guidance. the registrants primarily apply the revenue from contracts with customers, derivative and alternative revenue program (arp) guidance to recognize revenue as discussed in more detail below.
revenue from contracts with customers. under the revenue from contracts with customers guidance, the registrants recognize revenues in the period in which the performance obligations within contracts with customers are satisfied, which generally occurs when power, natural gas, and other energy-related commodities are physically delivered to the customer. transactions of the registrants within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers generally include non-derivative agreements, contracts that are designated as normal purchases and normal sales (npns), sales to utility customers under regulated service tariffs, and spot-market energy commodity sales, including settlements with independent system operators.
the determination of generation's and the utility registrants' retail power and natural gas sales to individual customers is based on systematic readings of customer meters, generally on a monthly basis. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated, and corresponding unbilled revenue is recorded. the measurement of unbilled revenue is affected by the following factors: daily customer usage measured by generation or gas throughput volume, customer usage by class, losses of energy during delivery to customers and applicable customer rates. increases or decreases in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and favorable or unfavorable rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, revenues may fluctuate monthly as a result of customers electing to use an alternate supplier, since unbilled commodity revenues are not recorded for these customers. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date also impact the measurement of unbilled revenue; however, total operating revenues would remain materially unchanged. see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
derivative revenues. the registrants record revenues and expenses using the mark-to-market method of accounting for transactions that are accounted for as derivatives. these derivative transactions primarily relate to commodity price risk management activities. mark-to-market revenues and expenses include: inception gains or losses on new transactions where the fair value is observable, unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value of open contracts, and realized gains and losses.
alternative revenue program accounting. certain of the utility registrants' ratemaking mechanisms qualify as alternative revenue programs (arps) if they (i) are established by a regulatory order and allow for automatic adjustment to future rates, (ii) provide for additional revenues (above those amounts currently reflected in the price of utility service) that are objectively determinable and probable of recovery, and (iii) allow for the collection of those additional revenues within 24 months following the end of the period in which they were recognized. for mechanisms that meet these criteria, which include the utility registrants' formula rate and revenue decoupling mechanisms, the utility registrants adjust revenue and record an offsetting regulatory asset or liability once the condition or event allowing additional billing or refund has occurred. the arp revenues presented in the utility registrants' consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income include both: (i) the recognition of "originating" arp revenues (when the regulator-specified condition or event allowing for additional billing or refund has occurred) and (ii) an equal and offsetting reversal of the "originating" arp revenues as those amounts are reflected in the price of utility service and recognized as revenue from contracts with customers.
comed records arp revenue for its best estimate of the electric distribution, energy efficiency, and transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that comed believes are probable of approval by the icc and ferc in accordance with its formula rate mechanisms. bge, pepco and dpl record arp revenue for their best estimate of the electric and natural gas distribution revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by the mdpsc and/or dcpsc in accordance with their revenue decoupling mechanisms. peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace record arp revenue for their best estimate of the transmission revenue impacts resulting from future changes in rates that they believe are probable of approval by ferc in
101
accordance with their formula rate mechanisms. estimates of the current year revenue requirement are based on actual and/or forecasted costs and investments in rate base for the period and the rates of return on common equity and associated regulatory capital structure allowed under the applicable tariff. the estimated reconciliation can be affected by, among other things, variances in costs incurred, investments made, allowed roe, and actions by regulators or courts.
see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
allowance for uncollectible accounts (utility registrants)
utility registrants estimate the allowance for uncollectible accounts on customer receivables by applying loss rates developed specifically for each company to the outstanding receivable balance by customer risk segment. risk segments represent a group of customers with similar credit quality indicators that are comprised based on various attributes, including delinquency of their balances and payment history. loss rates applied to the accounts receivable balances are based on a historical average of charge-offs as a percentage of accounts receivable in each risk segment. the utility registrants' customer accounts are generally considered delinquent if the amount billed is not received by the time the next bill is issued, which normally occurs on a monthly basis. utility registrants' customer accounts are written off consistent with approved regulatory requirements. utility registrants' allowances for uncollectible accounts will continue to be affected by changes in volume, prices and economic conditions as well as changes in icc, papuc, mdpsc, dcpsc, dpsc and njbpu regulations.
results of operations by registrant the registrants' results of operations includes discussion of rnf, which is a financial measure not defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the codms for exelon and generation evaluate the performance of generation's electric business activities and allocate resources based on rnf. generation believes that rnf is a useful measure because it provides information that can be used to evaluate its operational performance. for the utility registrants, their operating revenues reflect the full and current recovery of commodity procurement costs given the rider mechanisms approved by their respective state regulators. the commodity procurement costs, which are recorded in purchased power and fuel expense, and the associated revenues can be volatile. therefore, the utility registrants believe that rnf is a useful measure because it excludes the effect on operating revenues caused by the volatility in these expenses.
102
results of operations-generation
2018                                                                               2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                                      $20,437             $18,500                                      $1,937                           $17,757                                        $743
purchased power and fuel expense                         11,693               9,690                                      (2,003                 )           8,830                                        (860                 )
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense          8,744               8,810                                         (66                 )           8,927                                        (117                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                 5,464               6,299                                         835                             5,663                                        (636                 )
depreciation and amortization                             1,797               1,457                                        (340                 )           1,879                                         422
taxes other than income                                     556                 555                                          (1                 )             506                                         (49                 )
total other operating expenses                            7,817               8,311                                         494                             8,048                                        (263                 )
gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses                48                   2                                          46                               (59   )                                      61
bargain purchase gain                                         -                 233                                        (233                 )               -                                         233
gain on deconsolidation of business                           -                 213                                        (213                 )               -                                         213
operating income                                            975                 947                                          28                               820                                         127
other income and (deductions)
interest expense                                           (432   )            (440   )                                       8                              (364   )                                     (76                 )
other, net                                                 (178   )             948                                      (1,126                 )             401                                         547
total other income and (deductions)                        (610   )             508                                      (1,118                 )              37                                         471
income before income taxes                                  365               1,455                                      (1,090                 )             857                                         598
income taxes                                               (108   )          (1,376   )                                  (1,268                 )             282                                       1,658
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates               (30   )             (33   )                                       3                               (25   )                                      (8                 )
net income                                                  443               2,798                                      (2,355                 )             550                                       2,248
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests          73                  88                                         (15                 )              67                                          21
net income attributable to membership interest             $370              $2,710                                     $(2,340                 )            $483                                      $2,227
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income attributable to membership interest decreased by $2,340 million primarily due to:
•   impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes in 2017 as a result of the tcja;
•   net unrealized losses on ndt funds in 2018 compared to net gains in 2017;
•   lower realized energy prices;
•   accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the oyster creek and tmi nuclear facilities;
•   the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition in 2017;
•   increased mark-to-market losses;
•   the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities in 2017;
103
•   the absence of egtp earnings resulting from its deconsolidation in the fourth quarter of 2017; and
•   long-lived asset impairments of certain merchant wind assets in west texas.
the decreases were partially offset by;
•   the impact of the new york and illinois zec revenue (including the impact of zero emission credits generated in illinois from june 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017);
•   long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the egtp assets held for sale in 2017;
•   increased capacity prices;
•   the impact of lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja at generation;
•   net realized gains on ndt funds; and
•   decreased nuclear outage days.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income attributable to membership interest increased by $2,227 million primarily due to:
•   impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes as a result of the tcja;
•   the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition;
•   accelerated depreciation and amortization due to the decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility in 2017 compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities;
•   higher net unrealized and realized gains on ndt funds;
•   the impact of the new york zec revenue;
•   the gain recorded upon deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities;
•   increased capacity prices; and
•   decreased nuclear outage days.
these increases were partially offset by:
•   long-lived asset impairments primarily related to the egtp assets held for sale;
•   lower realized energy prices;
•   the conclusion of the ginna reliability support services agreement;
•   increased costs related to the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility; and
•   increased mark-to-market losses.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. the basis for generation's reportable segments is the integrated management of its electricity business that is located in different geographic regions, and largely representative of the footprints of iso/rto and/or nerc regions, which utilize multiple supply sources to provide electricity through various distribution channels (wholesale and retail). generation's hedging strategies and risk metrics are also aligned with these same geographic regions. generation's six reportable segments are mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, ercot and other power regions. during the first quarter of 2019, due to a change in economics in our new england region, generation is changing the way that information is reviewed by the codm. the new england region will no longer be regularly reviewed as a separate region by the codm nor will it be presented separately in any external information presented to third parties. information for the new england region will be reviewed by the codm as part of other power regions. as a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2019, generation will disclose five reportable segments consisting of mid-atlantic, midwest, new york, ercot and
104
other power regions. see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these reportable segments.
the following business activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported under other: natural gas, as well as other miscellaneous business activities that are not significant to overall operating revenues or results of operations. further, the following activities are not allocated to a region, and are reported in other: amortization of certain intangible assets relating to commodity contracts recorded at fair value from mergers and acquisitions; accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with nuclear decommissioning; and other miscellaneous revenues.
generation evaluates the operating performance of electric business activities using the measure of rnf. operating revenues include all sales to third parties and affiliated sales to the utility registrants. purchased power costs include all costs associated with the procurement and supply of electricity including capacity, energy and ancillary services. fuel expense includes the fuel costs for owned generation and fuel costs associated with tolling agreements.
for the years ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 and december 31, 2017 compared to 2016, rnf by region were as follows:
2018 vs. 2017                                             2017 vs. 2016
2018                                                                                           2017           variance            % change                2016           variance           % change mid-atlantic(a)                                                      $3,073              $3,214             $(141    )         (4.4   )%            $3,317             $(103    )        (3.1   )%
midwest(a)                                                            3,135               2,820               315              11.2   %              2,971              (151    )        (5.1   )%
new england                                                             354                 514              (160    )        (31.1   )%               438                76             17.4   %
new york(c)                                                           1,122               1,008               114              11.3   %                752               256             34.0   %
ercot                                                                   258                 332               (74    )        (22.3   )%               281                51             18.1   %
other power regions                                                     375                 305                70              23.0   %                336               (31    )        (9.2   )%
total electric revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       8,317               8,193               124               1.5   %              8,095                98              1.2   %
proprietary trading                                                      42                  18                24              n.m.                     15                 3             n.m.
mark-to-market losses                                                  (319   )            (175   )          (144    )         82.3   %                (41   )          (134    )       326.8   %
other(b)                                                                704                 774               (70    )         (9.0   )%               858               (84    )        (9.8   )%
total revenue net of purchased power and fuel expense                $8,744              $8,810              $(66    )         (0.7   )%            $8,927             $(117    )        (1.3   )%
_________
(a)   includes results of transactions with peco and bge in the mid-atlantic region and results of transactions with comed in the midwest region. as a result of the phi merger, includes results of transactions with pepco, dpl and ace in the mid-atlantic region beginning on march 24, 2016.
(b)   other represents activities not allocated to a region. includes amortization of intangible assets related to commodity contracts recorded at fair value of a $54 million decrease to rnf and a $57 million decrease to rnf for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements, as discussed in note 8 - early plant retirements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements, of $57 million, $12 million and $60 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement of $75 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
(c)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
105
generation's supply sources by region are summarized below:
2018 vs. 2017                                             2017 vs. 2016
supply source (gwhs)                   2018              2017            variance            % change              2016            variance            % change nuclear generation(a)
mid-atlantic                    64,099             64,466             (367   )            (0.6     )%        63,447            1,019                 1.6      %
midwest                         94,283             93,344              939                 1.0      %        94,668           (1,324   )            (1.4     )%
new york(c)                     26,640             25,033            1,607                 6.4      %        18,684            6,349                34.0      %
total nuclear generation       185,022            182,843            2,179                 1.2      %       176,799            6,044                 3.4      %
fossil and renewables mid-atlantic                     3,670              2,789              881                31.6      %         2,731               58                 2.1      %
midwest                          1,373              1,482             (109   )            (7.4     )%         1,488               (6   )            (0.4     )%
new england                      4,731              7,179           (2,448   )           (34.1     )%         6,968              211                 3.0      %
new york                             3                  3                -                   -      %             3                -                   -      %
ercot                           11,180             12,072             (892   )            (7.4     )%         6,785            5,287                77.9      %
other power regions              8,525              6,869            1,656                24.1      %         8,179           (1,310   )           (16.0     )%
total fossil and renewables     29,482             30,394             (912   )            (3.0     )%        26,154            4,240                16.2      %
purchased power mid-atlantic                     6,506              9,801           (3,295   )           (33.6     )%        16,874           (7,073   )           (41.9     )%
midwest                            996              1,373             (377   )           (27.5     )%         2,255             (882   )           (39.1     )%
new england                     26,033             18,517            7,516                40.6      %        16,632            1,885                11.3      %
new york                             -                 28              (28   )               -      %             -               28                   -      %
ercot                            6,550              7,346             (796   )           (10.8     )%        10,637           (3,291   )           (30.9     )%
other power regions             18,965             14,530            4,435                30.5      %        13,589              941                 6.9      %
total purchased power           59,050             51,595            7,455                14.4      %        59,987           (8,392   )           (14.0     )%
total supply/sales by region mid-atlantic(b)                 74,275             77,056           (2,781   )            (3.6     )%        83,052           (5,996   )            (7.2     )%
midwest(b)                      96,652             96,199              453                 0.5      %        98,411           (2,212   )            (2.2     )%
new england                     30,764             25,696            5,068                19.7      %        23,600            2,096                 8.9      %
new york                        26,643             25,064            1,579                 6.3      %        18,687            6,377                34.1      %
ercot                           17,730             19,418           (1,688   )            (8.7     )%        17,422            1,996                11.5      %
other power regions             27,490             21,399            6,091                28.5      %        21,768             (369   )            (1.7     )%
total supply/sales by region   273,554            264,832            8,722                 3.3      %       262,940            1,892                 0.7      %
__________
(a)   includes the proportionate share of output where generation has an undivided ownership interest in jointly-owned generating plants and includes the total output of plants that are fully consolidated (e.g. ceng).
(b)   includes affiliate sales to peco and bge in the mid-atlantic region and affiliate sales to comed in the midwest region. as a result of the phi merger, includes affiliate sales to pepco, dpl and ace in the mid-atlantic region beginning on march 24, 2016.
(c)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
106
for the years ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017 and december 31, 2017 compared to 2016, changes in rnf by region were as follows:
2018 vs. 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017 vs. 2016
increase/(decrease)   description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   increase/(decrease)   description mid-atlantic                    $(141        )   • lower realized energy prices, partially offset by• increased capacity prices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $(103        )   • lower load volumes• lower realized energy prices• decreased capacity prices, partially offset by• the absence of oil inventory write-downs in 2017 • decreased nuclear outage days midwest                           315            • the impact of the illinois zes• increased capacity prices, partially offset by• lower realized energy prices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (151        )   • lower realized energy prices• increased nuclear outage days, partially offset by• decreased fuel prices new england                      (160        )   • lower realized energy prices, partially offset by• increased capacity prices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        76            • increased capacity prices, partially offset by• lower realized energy prices new york                          114            • impact of the new york ces• acquisition of fitzpatrick, partially offset by• the conclusion of the ginna reliability support service agreement                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     256            • the impact of the new york ces• acquisition of fitzpatrick, partially offset by• conclusion of the ginna reliability support service agreement• lower realized energy prices ercot                             (74        )   • deconsolidation of egtp in 2017, partially offset by • the addition of two combined-cycle gas turbines in texas                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     51            • the addition of two combined-cycle gas turbines in texas, partially offset by• lower realized energy prices other power regions                70            • higher realized energy prices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (31        )   • lower realized energy prices proprietary trading                24            • congestion activity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  3            • congestion activity mark-to-market                   (144        )   • losses on economic hedging activities of $319 million in 2018 compared to losses of $175 million in 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (134        )   • losses on economic hedging activities of $175 million in 2017 compared to losses of $41 million in 2016
other                             (70        )   • decline in revenues related to the energy efficiency business• the sale of generation's electrical contracting business in 2018• accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements, partially offset by• the absence of amortization of energy contracts recorded at fair value associated with prior acquisitions• gain on the settlement of a long-term gas supply agreement               (84        )   • the impacts of declining natural gas prices on generation's natural gas portfolio• decline in revenues related to the distributed generation business, partially offset by• decrease in accelerated nuclear fuel amortization associated with announced early plant retirements total                            $(66        )                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $(117        )
107
nuclear fleet capacity factor. the following table presents nuclear fleet operating data for the generation-operated plants, which reflects ownership percentage of stations operated by exelon, excluding salem, which is operated by pseg nuclear, llc and including the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017. the nuclear fleet capacity factor presented in the table is defined as the ratio of the actual output of a plant over a period of time to its output if the plant had operated at full average annual mean capacity for that time period. generation considers capacity factor to be a useful measure to analyze the nuclear fleet performance between periods. generation has included the analysis below as a complement to the financial information provided in accordance with gaap. however, these measures are not a presentation defined under gaap and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or be more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
2018                                              2017          2016
nuclear fleet capacity factor   94.6   %      94.1   %      94.6   %
refueling outage days            274           293           245
non-refueling outage days         38            53            63
the changes in operating and maintenance expense, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017(a)
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets(b)                 $(432        )
merger and integration costs(c)                                                  (68        )
insurance                                                                        (36        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                          (22        )
bsc costs                                                                         13
plant retirements and divestitures(d)                                             53
accretion expense                                                                (14        )
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant               (24        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(e)                             (255        )
vacation policy change(f)                                                         40
change in environmental liabilities                                              (45        )
other                                                                            (45        )
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                                  $(835        )
__________
(a)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
(b)   primarily reflects the impairment of certain wind projects in 2018 and charges to earnings related to impairments as a result of the egtp assets in 2017.
(c)   primarily reflects merger and integration costs associated with the phi and fitzpatrick acquisitions, including, if and when applicable, professional fees, employee-related expenses and integration activities.
(d)   primarily represents the announcement to early retire the oyster creek nuclear facility, a charge associated with a remeasurement of the oyster creek aro compared to the previous decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility in 2017.
(e)   primarily reflects decreased spending related to energy efficiency projects and decreased costs related to the sale of generation's electrical contracting business.
(f)   primarily reflects the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in exelon's vacation vesting policy.
108
increase (decrease)
2017 vs. 2016(a)
impairment and related charges of certain generating assets (b)                    $307
merger and integration costs                                                         13
aro update(c)                                                                        84
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense(c)                           10
bsc costs                                                                            23
plant retirements and divestitures(d)                                               127
accretion expense(e)                                                                 35
nuclear refueling outage costs, including the co-owned salem plant(f)               104
merger commitments(g)                                                               (53        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(h)                                  38
cost management program                                                              (2        )
curtailment of generation growth and development activities(i)                      (24        )
vacation policy change(j)                                                           (40        )
allowance for uncollectible accounts                                                 33
change in environmental liabilities                                                  44
other                                                                               (63        )
increase in operating and maintenance expense                                      $636
__________
(a)   includes the ownership of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility from march 31, 2017.
(b)   primarily reflects charges to earnings related to impairments as a result of the egtp assets in 2017 and impairment of upstream assets and certain wind projects in 2016.
(c)   primarily reflects the non-cash benefit pursuant to the annual update of the nuclear decommissioning obligation related to the non-regulatory units in 2017 compared to 2016.
(d)   primarily represents the announcement of the early retirement of the tmi nuclear facility in 2017 compared to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016.
(e)   reflects the impact of increased accretion expenses primarily due to the acquisition of fitzpatrick on march 31, 2017.
(f)   primarily reflects an increase in the number of nuclear outage days during 2017 compared to 2016.
(g)   primarily represents costs incurred as part of the settlement orders approving the phi merger during 2016.
(h)   reflects increased salaries, wages and contracting costs primarily related to the acquisition of the fitzpatrick nuclear facility beginning on march 31, 2017.
(i)   reflects the one-time recognition for a loss on sale of assets and asset impairment charges pursuant to generation's strategic decision in the fourth quarter of 2016 to narrow the scope and scale of its growth and development activities.
(j)   represents the reversal of previously accrued vacation expenses as a result of a change in exelon's vacation vesting policy.
depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 increased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the decision to early retire the oyster creek nuclear facility in 2018 compared to the previous decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility in 2017.
depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased primarily due to accelerated depreciation and increased nuclear decommissioning amortization related to the previous decision to early retire the clinton and quad cities nuclear facilities in 2016 compared to the decision to early retire the tmi nuclear facility in 2017.
gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 increased due to generation's 2018 sale of its electrical contracting business.
gain (loss) on sales of assets and businesses for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 increased primarily due to certain generation projects and contracts being terminated or renegotiated in 2016, partially offset by a gain associated with generation's sale of the retired new boston generating site in 2016.
109
bargain purchase gain for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. decreased as a result of the gain associated with the fitzpatrick acquisition. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
gain on deconsolidation of business for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 decreased due to the deconsolidation of egtp's net liabilities, which included the previously impaired assets and related debt, as a result of the november 2017 bankruptcy filing. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other, net decreased primarily due to the net decrease in unrealized gains related to the ndt funds of generation's non-regulatory agreement units as described in the table below.  other, net also reflects $45 million, $209 million and $80 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 respectively, related to the contractual elimination of income tax expense (benefit) associated with the ndt funds of the regulatory agreement units. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ndt funds.
the following table provides unrealized and realized gains (losses) on the ndt funds of the non-regulatory agreement units:
2018                                                                  2017              2016
net unrealized (losses) gains on ndt funds     $(483   )          $521              $194
net realized gains on sale of ndt funds          180                95                35
effective income tax rates were (29.5)%, (94.6)% and 32.9% for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase is primarily related to impacts associated with the one-time remeasurement of deferred income taxes in 2017 as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the change in the effective income tax rate.
110
results of operations-comed
2018                                                                   2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                           $5,882              $5,536                                        $346                            $5,254                                        $282
purchased power expense                       2,155               1,641                                        (514                 )           1,458                                        (183                 )
revenues net of purchased power expense       3,727               3,895                                        (168                 )           3,796                                          99
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                     1,335               1,427                                          92                             1,530                                         103
depreciation and amortization                   940                 850                                         (90                 )             775                                         (75                 )
taxes other than income                         311                 296                                         (15                 )             293                                          (3                 )
total other operating expenses                2,586               2,573                                         (13                 )           2,598                                          25
gain on sales of assets                           5                   1                                           4                                 7                                          (6                 )
operating income                              1,146               1,323                                        (177                 )           1,205                                         118
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                          (347   )            (361   )                                      14                              (461   )                                     100
other, net                                       33                  22                                          11                               (65   )                                      87
total other income and (deductions)            (314   )            (339   )                                      25                              (526   )                                     187
income before income taxes                      832                 984                                        (152                 )             679                                         305
income taxes                                    168                 417                                         249                               301                                        (116                 )
net income                                     $664                $567                                         $97                              $378                                        $189
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income increased by $97 million primarily due to higher electric distribution and energy efficiency formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment). the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income increased $189 million primarily due to the recognition of the penalty and the after-tax interest due on the asserted penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in 2016 and increased electric distribution and transmission formula rate earnings (reflecting the impacts of increased capital investment and higher allowed electric distribution roe). the higher net income was partially offset by the impact of weather conditions in 2016. see revenue decoupling discussion below for additional information on the impact of weather.
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity, rec and zec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. comed recovers electricity, rec and zec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries, but do impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
111
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)            increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                  2017 vs. 2016
weather(a)                                          $-                           $(36        )
volume(a)                                            -                             (5        )
pricing and customer mix(a)                          -                            (18        )
electric distribution revenue                     (127        )                   170
transmission revenue                               (43        )                    60
energy efficiency revenue(b)                        47                             16
regulatory required programs(b)                    (97        )                   (85        )
uncollectible accounts recovery, net                 6                             (7        )
other                                               46                              4
total (decrease) increase                        $(168        )                   $99
__________
(a)   for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, the changes reflect the 2016 impacts of weather, volume and pricing and customer mix. pursuant to the revenue decoupling provision in feja, comed began recording an adjustment to revenue in the first quarter of 2017 to eliminate the favorable or unfavorable impacts associated with variations in delivery volumes associated with above or below normal weather, number of customers or usage per customer.
(b)   beginning june 1, 2017, comed is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, beginning january 1, 2017, operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather, usage per customer or number of customers as a result of a change to the electric distribution formula rate pursuant to feja.
distribution revenue.  eima and feja provide for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. electric distribution revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered and allowed roe. during the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the same period in 2017, electric distribution revenue decreased $127 million, primarily due to the impact of the lower federal income tax rate, partially offset by increased revenues due to higher rate base and increased depreciation expense. during the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the same period in 2016, electric distribution revenue increased $170 million, primarily due to increased capital investment, increased depreciation expense, higher allowed roe due to an increase in treasury rates and revenue decoupling impacts (as described above). see operating and maintenance expense below and note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
transmission revenue. under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily due to decreased peak load and the impact of the lower federal tax rate, partially offset by increased revenues due to higher rate base and increased depreciation expense. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to increased capital investment, higher depreciation expense, and increased highest daily peak load. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
energy efficiency revenue.  beginning june 1, 2017, feja provides for a performance-based formula rate, which requires an annual reconciliation of the revenue requirement in effect to the actual costs that the icc determines are prudently and reasonably incurred in a given year. under feja, energy efficiency revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, investments being recovered, and allowed roe. see depreciation and amortization expense discussions below and note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
112
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved rate riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as purchased power administrative costs and energy efficiency and demand response through june 1, 2017 pursuant to feja. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery. the costs of such programs are included in operating and maintenance expense. revenues from regulatory programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to the fact that beginning on june 1, 2017, comed is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency formula rate over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
uncollectible accounts recovery, net represents recoveries under the uncollectible accounts tariff. see operating and maintenance expense discussion below for additional information on this tariff.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of environmental costs associated with mgp sites. the increase in other revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the same period in 2017 primarily reflects mutual assistance revenues associated with hurricane and winter storm restoration efforts. an equal and offsetting amount has been included in operating and maintenance expense and taxes other than income.
see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of comed's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials(a)                   $20                          $(41        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 -                             3
storm costs                                                           (19        )                    2
uncollectible accounts expense-provision(b)                             5                            (6        )
uncollectible accounts expense-recovery, net(b)                         1                            (1        )
bsc costs(a)(c)                                                        (5        )                   44
other(a)                                                                3                           (19        )
5                                                                                                   (18        )
regulatory required programs energy efficiency and demand response programs(d)                     (97        )                  (85        )
decrease in operating and maintenance expense                        $(92        )                $(103        )
__________
(a)   includes costs associated with mutual assistance provided to other utilities in 2018. an equal and offsetting increase has been recognized in operating revenues for the period presented.
(b)   comed is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
(c)   for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily reflects increased information technology support services from bsc and includes the $8 million write-off of a regulatory asset related to constellation merger and integration costs for which recovery is no longer expected.
(d)   beginning june 1, 2017 comed is deferring energy efficiency costs as a regulatory asset that will be recovered through the energy efficiency over the weighted average useful life of the related energy efficiency measures.
113
the increases in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase                increase
2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense(a)                    $36                     $60
regulatory asset amortization(b)            53                       7
other                                        1                       8
total increase                             $90                     $75
__________
(a)   primarily reflects ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   beginning in june 2017, includes amortization of comed's energy efficiency formula rate regulatory asset.
the decrease in interest expense, net, for the year ended 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
interest expense related to uncertain tax positions(a)   $(13              )           $(104             )
interest expense on debt (including financing trusts)    2                          6
other                                                    (3                )           (2                )
decrease in interest expense, net                        $(14              )           $(100             )
__________
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of after-tax interest related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the 2016 and 2017. see note 14-income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the increase in other, net, for the year ended 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, consisted of the following:
increase           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
other income and deductions, net(a)            $1                         $88
afudc equity                                    7                          (2        )
other                                           3          1
increase (decrease) in other, net             $11                         $87
__________
(a)   primarily reflects the recognition of the penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in 2016.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, were 20.2%, 42.4% and 44.3%, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017 is primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016 is primarily due to the recognition of a non-deductible penalty related to the tax court's decision on exelon's like-kind exchange tax position in the third quarter of 2016. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
114
results of operations-peco
2018                                                                            2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016           favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                                    $3,038              $2,870                                       $168                            $2,994                                      $(124                 )
purchased power and fuel expense                       1,090                 969                                       (121                 )           1,047                                         78
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       1,948               1,901                                         47                             1,947                                        (46                 )
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                898                 806                                        (92                 )             811                                          5
depreciation and amortization                            301                 286                                        (15                 )             270                                        (16                 )
taxes other than income                                  163                 154                                         (9                 )             164                                         10
total other operating expenses                         1,362               1,246                                       (116                 )           1,245                                         (1                 )
gain on sales of assets                                    1                   -                                          1                                 -                                          -
operating income                                         587                 655                                        (68                 )             702                                        (47                 )
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                   (129   )            (126   )                                     (3                 )            (123   )                                     (3                 )
other, net                                                 8                   9                                         (1                 )               8                                          1
total other income and (deductions)                     (121   )            (117   )                                     (4                 )            (115   )                                     (2                 )
income before income taxes                               466                 538                                        (72                 )             587                                        (49                 )
income taxes                                               6                 104                                         98                               149                                         45
net income                                              $460                $434                                        $26                              $438                                        $(4                 )
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income was higher due to favorable weather and volumes. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the requirement to pass back the tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income was lower primarily due to unfavorable weather. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the requirement to pass back the tax savings through customer rates.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expenses such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. peco's recovers electricity, natural gas and rec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from competitive electric generation and natural gas suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity and natural gas.
115
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
2018 vs. 2017                                       2017 vs. 2016
increase (decrease)                                 increase (decrease)
electric             gas           total          electric             gas             total weather                            $39              $22             $61             $(28    )          $4              $(24   )
volume                              37                4              41              (18    )           3               (15   )
pricing                            (75    )          (1   )         (76   )            8                2                10
regulatory required programs        11                -              11              (31    )           -               (31   )
other                               14               (4   )          10               14                -                14
total increase (decrease)          $26              $21             $47             $(55    )          $9              $(46   )
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 rnf was increased by the impact of favorable weather conditions in peco's service territory. for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 rnf was reduced by the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in peco's service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 30-year period in peco's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in peco's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 compared to the same periods in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,                                                      % change heating and cooling degree-days              2018   2017                            normal          2018 vs. 2017          2018 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,539                      3,949            4,487                14.9   %                 1.2         %
cooling degree-days                1,584                      1,490            1,411                 6.3   %                12.3         %
for the years ended december 31,                                                      % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                            normal          2017 vs. 2016          2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                3,949                      4,041            4,603                (2.3   )%              (14.2        )%
cooling degree-days                1,490                      1,726            1,290               (13.7   )%               15.5         %
volume. delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, was driven by electric and primarily reflects the impact of moderate economic and customer growth partially offset by the impact of energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages primarily in the residential class. additionally, the increase represents a shift in the volume profile across classes from the commercial and industrial classes to the residential class.
delivery volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, was driven by electric and primarily reflects the impact of energy efficiency initiatives on customer usages for residential and small commercial and industrial electric classes, partially offset by solid customer growth. additionally, the decrease represents a shift in the volume profile across classes from residential and small commercial and industrial to large commercial and industrial.
116
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)          2018             2017          % change 2018 vs. 2017         weather - normal % change             2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change retail deliveries (a)
residential                                         14,005            13,024                   7.5             %                3.5              %       13,664                  (4.7   )%                        (1.8   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial                    8,177             7,968                   2.6             %                0.2              %        8,099                  (1.6   )%                        (1.1   )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                   15,516            15,426                   0.6             %                0.4              %       15,263       1.1               %             1.4                %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads            761               809                  (5.9            )%               (5.6             )%          890                  (9.1   )%                        (9.1   )%
total electric retail deliveries                    38,459            37,227                   3.3             %                1.4              %       37,916                  (1.8   )%                        (0.5   )%
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                            2018   2017                  2016
residential                                   1,480,925             1,469,916             1,456,585
small commercial &amp; industrial               152,797               151,552               150,142
large commercial &amp; industrial                 3,118                 3,112                 3,096
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       9,565                 9,569                 9,823
total                                         1,646,405             1,634,149             1,619,646
natural gas deliveries to customers (in mmcf)          2018             2017           % change 2018 vs. 2017           weather-normal %change             2016          % change 2017 vs. 2016           weather-normal %change retail deliveries (a)
residential                                     43,450            37,919                   14.6             %                1.8   %                 36,872                   2.8             %                0.6             %
small commercial &amp; industrial               21,997            20,515                    7.2             %               (0.4   )%                19,525                   5.1             %                1.9             %
large commercial &amp; industrial                   65                23                  182.6             %              175.8   %                     50                 (54.0            )%               28.3             %
transportation                                  26,595            26,382                    0.8             %               (3.2   )%                27,630                  (4.5            )%               (2.3            )%
total natural gas deliveries                    92,107            84,839                    8.6             %               (0.2   )%                84,077                   0.9             %                0.1             %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenue from customers purchasing electricity directly from peco and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
as of december 31, number of gas customers                     2018                2017                2016
residential                         482,255             477,213             472,606
small commercial &amp; industrial    44,170              43,887              43,664
large commercial &amp; industrial         1                   5                   4
transportation                          754                 771                 790
total                               527,180             521,876             517,064
pricing for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 reflects the anticipated pass back of the tax cuts and jobs act tax savings through customer rates.
117
the increase in operating revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense as a result of pricing for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 reflects higher overall effective rates due to decreased usage in the residential and small commercial and industrial customer classes. operating revenues net of fuel expense as a result of pricing remained relatively consistent. see note 4 - regulatory matters for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as smart meter, energy efficiency and the gsa. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and income taxes.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and wholesale transmission revenue.
see note 24-segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of peco's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                       $10                           $17
storm-related costs (a)                                                 63                            (7        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                 (7        )                   (3        )
bsc costs                                                                -                             4
uncollectible accounts expense                                           7                            (5        )
other                                                                    9                             -
82                                                                                                     6
regulatory required programs energy efficiency                                                       10                           (10        )
other                                                                    -                            (1        )
10                                                                                                   (11        )
increase (decrease) in operating and maintenance expense               $92                           $(5        )
__________
(a) reflects increased costs incurred from the q1 2018 winter storms.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)        increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017              2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense (a)                                        $13                        $17
regulatory asset amortization                                     2                         (1        )
increase in depreciation and amortization expense               $15                        $16
__________
(a) depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
taxes other than income increased for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to an increase in gross receipts tax driven by increased electric revenue.
taxes other than income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in gross receipts tax driven by decreases in electric revenue.
118
effective income tax rates were 1.3%, 19.3% and 25.4% for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease is primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the change in effective income tax rates.
results of operations-bge
2018                                                                            2017            favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                                    $3,169              $3,176                                         $(7                 )          $3,233                                        $(57                 )
purchased power and fuel expense                       1,182               1,133                                         (49                 )           1,294                                         161
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense       1,987               2,043                                         (56                 )           1,939                                         104
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                777                 716                                         (61                 )             737                                          21
depreciation and amortization                            483                 473                                         (10                 )             423                                         (50                 )
taxes other than income                                  254                 240                                         (14                 )             229                                         (11                 )
total other operating expenses                         1,514               1,429                                         (85                 )           1,389                                         (40                 )
gain on sales of assets                                    1                   -                                           1                                 -                                           -
operating income                                         474                 614                                        (140                 )             550                                          64
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                   (106   )            (105   )                                      (1                 )            (103   )                                      (2                 )
other, net                                                19                  16                                           3                                21                                          (5                 )
total other income and (deductions)                      (87   )             (89   )                                       2                               (82   )                                      (7                 )
income before income taxes                               387                 525                                        (138                 )             468                                          57
income taxes                                              74                 218                                         144                               174                                         (44                 )
net income                                               313                 307                                           6                               294                                          13
preference stock dividends                                 -                   -                                           -                                 8                                           8
net income attributable to common shareholder           $313                $307                                          $6                              $286                                         $21
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income attributable to common shareholder increased by $6 million primarily due to an increase in transmission formula rate revenues and the absence of the 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets offset by increased storm restoration costs as a result of storms in march 2018 and september 2018. the tcja did not significantly impact net income attributable to common shareholder as the favorable income tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income attributable to common shareholder increased by $21 million primarily due to the impacts of the electric and natural gas distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc in june 2016 and july 2016, an increase in transmission formula rate revenues, the absence of cost disallowances resulting from the 2016 distribution rate orders issued by the mdpsc, and decreased storm costs in 2017. these increases were partially offset by the favorable 2016 settlement of the baltimore city conduit fee dispute, the initiation of cost recovery of the ami programs under the distribution rate orders and increased capital investment, higher income tax expense primarily resulting from higher taxable income as well as a 2016 favorable adjustment, and the 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets.
119
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. bge recovers electricity, natural gas and other procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity and natural gas from electric generation and natural gas competitive suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity and natural gas.
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
2018 vs. 2017                                                                          2017 vs. 2016
increase (decrease)                                                              increase (decrease)
electric           gas               total                electric             gas             total distribution rate increase (decrease)   $(62      )        $(28      )       $(90      )          $21              $29               $50
regulatory required programs            2                        2                 4               17                3                20
transmission revenue                    15                 -                      15               18                -                18
other, net                              5                       10                15                5               11                16
total (decrease) increase               $(40      )        $(16      )       $(56      )          $61              $43              $104
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity and natural gas is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                            2018                  2017                  2016
residential                                   1,168,372             1,160,783             1,150,096
small commercial &amp; industrial               113,915               113,594               113,230
large commercial &amp; industrial                12,253                12,155                12,053
public authorities &amp; electric railroads         262                   272                   280
total                                         1,294,802             1,286,804             1,275,659
as of december 31, number of gas customers                     2018   2017                2016
residential                         633,757             629,690             623,647
small commercial &amp; industrial    38,332              38,392              37,941
large commercial &amp; industrial     5,954               5,855               6,314
total                               678,043             673,937             667,902
distribution revenues decreased during the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to the impact of reduced distribution rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate and increased during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the electric and natural gas distribution rate changes that became effective in june 2016 in accordance with the electric and natural gas distribution rate case orders in june 2016 and july 2016. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as conservation, demand response, stride, and the polr mechanism. the riders are
120
designed to provide full and current cost recovery, as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income.
transmission revenue. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 primarily due to increases in capital investment and operating and maintenance expense recoveries. see operating and maintenance expense below and note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other revenue includes revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, off-system sales and service application fees.
see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of bge's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline impairment on long-lived assets and losses on regulatory assets(a)                $-                          $(50        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                                  18                           (11        )
pension and non-pension postretirement benefits expense                           (2        )                    -
storm-related costs(b)                                                            39                           (13        )
uncollectible accounts expense                                                     2                             7
bsc costs                                                                          7                            16
conduit lease settlement(c)                                                        -                            15
other                                                                              3                             7
$67                          $(29        )
regulatory required programs other                                                                             (6        )                    8
total (decrease) increase                                                        $61                          $(21        )
__________
(a)   see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on smart meter and smart grid investments.
(b)   reflects increased storm restoration costs incurred from storms in q1 2018 and q3 2018.
(c)   see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
121
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense(a)                                         $25                           $13
regulatory asset amortization(b)                                (24        )                   25
regulatory required programs                                      9                            12
increase in depreciation and amortization expense               $10                           $50
__________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to certain regulatory assets that became fully amortized as of december 31, 2017 and increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to energy efficiency programs and the initiation of cost recovery of the ami programs under the final electric and natural gas distribution rate case order issued by the mdpsc in june 2016. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
taxes other than income increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to an increase in property taxes.
effective income tax rates were 19.1%, 41.5% and 37.2% for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. income taxes decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the effective income tax rates.
results of operations-phi phi's results of operations include the results of its three reportable segments, pepco, dpl and ace. phi also has a business services subsidiary, phisco, which provides a variety of support services and the costs are directly charged or allocated to the applicable subsidiaries. additionally, the results of phi's corporate operations include interest costs from various financing activities. for "predecessor" reporting periods, phi's results of operations also include the results of pes and pci. see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding phi's reportable segments. all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
the following tables sets forth phi's gaap net income (loss) by registrant. as a result of the phi merger, the tables present two separate reporting periods for 2016. the "predecessor" reporting periods represent phi's results of operations for the period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016. the "successor" reporting periods represents phi's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 as well as march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016. see the results of operations for pepco, dpl, and ace for additional information by segment.
successor                                                                                                                                              predecessor for the years ended december 31,                    favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance            march 24 to december 31,                 january 1 to march 23,
2018                       2017                           2016                                                                 2016
phi   $398                        $362                    $36                                                       $(61                  )                  $19
122
for the years ended december 31,           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                     for the years ended december 31,            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance
2018                                                 2017                                                         2017                        2016
pepco             $210                        $205                                            $5                                $205                         $42                                           $163
dpl                120                         121                                            (1                 )               121                          (9      )                                     130
ace                 75                          77                                            (2                 )                77                         (42      )                                     119
other(a)            (7      )                  (41      )   34                                                                   (41      )                  n/a                                            n/a
_________
(a)   primarily includes eliminating and consolidating adjustments, phi's corporate operations, shared service entities and other financing activities. not included for 2016 due to phi predecessor periods not being comparable.
successor year ended december 31, 2018 compared to successor year ended december 31, 2017. net income increased by $36 million primarily due to distribution rate increases (not reflecting the impact of the tcja), favorable weather and volume, the absence of 2017 impairments of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets and the dc sponsorship intangible asset, partially offset by an increase in asset retirement obligations primarily related to asbestos identified at the buzzard point property and the deferral of accumulated merger integration cost as regulatory assets in 2017. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016. net loss for the successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 was $61 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the successor period march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $392 million of non-recurring merger-related costs including merger integration and merger commitments within operating and maintenance expense.
predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016. net income for the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 was $19 million. there were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting phi's results of operations during the predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 except for the pre-tax recording of $29 million of non-recurring merger-related costs within operating and maintenance expense and $18 million of preferred stock derivative expense within other, net.
123
results of operations-pepco
2018                                                                   2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                           $2,239              $2,158                                        $81                            $2,186                                        $(28                 )
purchased power expense                         654                 614                                        (40                 )             706                                          92
revenues net of purchased power expense       1,585               1,544                                         41                             1,480                                          64
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                       501                 454                                        (47                 )             642                                         188
depreciation and amortization                   385                 321                                        (64                 )             295                                         (26                 )
taxes other than income                         379                 371                                         (8                 )             377                                           6
total other operating expenses                1,265               1,146                                       (119                 )           1,314                                         168
gain on sales of assets                           -                   1                                         (1                 )               8                                          (7                 )
operating income                                320                 399                                        (79                 )             174                                         225
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                          (128   )            (121   )                                     (7                 )            (127   )                                       6
other, net                                       31                  32                                         (1                 )              36                                          (4                 )
total other income and (deductions)             (97   )             (89   )                                     (8                 )             (91   )                                       2
income before income taxes                      223                 310                                        (87                 )              83                                         227
income taxes                                     13                 105                                         92                                41                                         (64                 )
net income                                     $210                $205                                         $5                               $42                                        $163
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income increased by $5 million primarily due to higher electric distribution base rates (not reflecting the impact of the tcja) in maryland that became effective october 2017 and june 2018 and higher electric distribution base rates (not reflecting the impact of the tcja) in the district of columbia that became effective august 2017 and august 2018, partially offset by an increase in asset retirement obligations related primarily to the buzzard point property, deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017 and higher regulatory asset amortization due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable tax impacts were predominantly offset by lower revenues resulting from pass back of tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income increased by $163 million primarily due to a decrease in operating and maintenance expense due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016, higher electric distribution base rates in maryland that became effective november 2016 and october 2017 and higher electric distribution base rates in the district of columbia that became effective august 2017, partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased depreciation rates in maryland effective november 2016. income taxes expense included unrecognized tax benefits of $21 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $14 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission related income tax regulatory assets.
124
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. pepco recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
volume                                     $12                           $16
distribution revenue                        (3        )                   66
regulatory required programs                35                           (12        )
transmission revenues                        -                             9
other                                       (3        )                  (15        )
total increase                             $41                           $64
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution in both maryland and the district of columbia are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer as a result of a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily due to the impact of residential customer growth.
as of december 31, number of electric customers                          2018                2017                2016
residential                                   807,442             792,211             780,652
small commercial &amp; industrial              54,306              53,489              53,529
large commercial &amp; industrial              22,022              21,732              21,391
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       150                 144                 130
total                                         883,920             867,576             855,702
distribution revenues decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to the impact of reduced distribution rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate, partially offset by higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective in october 2017 and june 2018 and higher electric distribution rates in the district of columbia that became effective august 2017 and august 2018. distribution revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to higher electric distribution rates in maryland that became effective in november 2016 and october 2017 and higher electric distribution rates in the district of columbia that became effective august 2017. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, dc plug and sos administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income. revenues from regulatory required programs increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to increases in the maryland and district of columbia surcharge rates and sales due to higher volumes, as well as the dc plug surcharge which became effective in february 2018. revenues from regulatory required programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period
125
in 2016 primarily due to lower demand-side management program surcharge revenue due to a decrease in kwh sales and a rate decrease effective january 2017.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered and the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 2017.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of other taxes. other revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to lower pass-through revenue primarily the result of lower sales that resulted in a decrease in utility taxes that are collected by pepco on behalf of the jurisdiction.
see note 24 - segment information for the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of pepco's revenue disaggregation.
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline aro update(a)                                                  $22                            $-
merger costs(b)                                                 13                          (132        )
bsc and phisco costs(c)                                          9                           (24        )
uncollectible accounts expense                                   2                           (11        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                (2        )   15
write-off of construction work in progress(d)                    -                           (14        )
remeasurement of ami-related regulatory asset(e)                 -                            (7        )
other                                                            4                            (9        )
48                                                                                          (182        )
regulatory required programs                                    (1        )                   (6        )
total increase (decrease)                                      $47                         $(188        )
__________
(a)   reflects an increase primarily related to asbestos identified at the buzzard point property. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(b)   decrease in 2017 primarily due to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016. increase in 2018 primarily due to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(c)   decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(d)   primarily resulting from a review of capital projects during the fourth quarter of 2016.
(e)   related to a remeasurement of a regulatory asset for legacy meters recognized in 2016.
126
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense(a)                        $14                           $28
regulatory asset amortization(b)                25            8
regulatory required programs (c)                25                           (10        )
total increase                                 $64                           $26
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates in maryland effective november 2016.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)   regulatory required programs increased as a result of higher amortization of the dc plug regulatory asset.
taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 increased primarily due to an increase in utility taxes that are collected and passed through by pepco (which is substantially offset in operating revenues). taxes other than income for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to lower utility taxes that are collected and passed through by pepco (which is substantially offset in operating revenues), partially offset by higher property taxes.
gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the sale of land in may 2016.
interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 increased primarily due to higher outstanding debt. interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the recording of interest expense for an uncertain tax position in 2016, partially offset by higher outstanding debt.
other, net for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the september 2016 reversal of contributions in aid of construction tax gross-up reserves due to the determination that there is no legal obligation to refund customers per contract term.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were 5.8%, 33.9%, and 49.4%, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 is primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates
127
results of operations-dpl
2018                                                                            2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                                    $1,332              $1,300                                        $32                            $1,277                                         $23
purchased power and fuel expense                         561                 532                                        (29                 )             583                                          51
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense         771                 768                                          3                               694                                          74
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                                344                 315                                        (29                 )             441                                         126
depreciation and amortization                            182                 167                                        (15                 )             157                                         (10                 )
taxes other than income                                   56                  57                                          1                                55                                          (2                 )
total other operating expenses                           582                 539                                        (43                 )             653                                         114
gain on sales of assets                                    1                   -                                          1                                 9                                          (9                 )
operating income                                         190                 229                                        (39                 )              50                                         179
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                                    (58   )             (51   )                                     (7                 )             (50   )                                      (1                 )
other, net                                                10                  14                                         (4                 )              13                                           1
total other income and (deductions)                      (48   )             (37   )                                    (11                 )             (37   )                                       -
income before income taxes                               142                 192                                        (50                 )              13                                         179
income taxes                                              22                  71                                         49                                22                                         (49                 )
net income (loss)                                       $120                $121                                        $(1                 )             $(9   )                                    $130
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income remained relatively consistent. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable tax impacts were predominately offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income increased $130 million primarily due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016, higher distribution base rates in delaware that became effective july and december 2016 and higher distribution base rates in maryland that became effective february 2017, partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased depreciation rates in maryland effective february 2017. income taxes expense included unrecognized tax benefits of $16 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the $6 million december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets.
revenues net of purchased power and fuel expense. there are certain drivers to operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power and fuel expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. dpl recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers with a slight mark-up and natural gas costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have minimal impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact operating revenues related to supplied electricity.
128
the changes in rnf consisted of the following:
2018 vs. 2017                                         2017 vs. 2016
increase (decrease)                                   increase (decrease)
electric             gas           total          electric       gas                     total weather                            $11               $8             $19              $(7    )       $(13      )          $(20   )
volume                               7                2               9                2                 11                13
distribution revenue               (20    )          (6   )         (26   )           65                  4                69
regulatory required programs        (2    )          (5   )          (7   )           (3    )       -                      (3   )
transmission revenues                6                -               6               10            -                      10
other                                1                1               2                6            (1        )             5
total increase                      $3               $-              $3              $73            $1                    $74
revenue decoupling. the demand for electricity is affected by weather and customer usage. however, operating revenues from electric distribution customers in maryland are not affected by unseasonably warmer or colder weather because a bill stabilization adjustment (bsa) that provides for a fixed distribution charge per customer by customer class. while operating revenues from electric distribution customers in maryland are not impacted by abnormal weather or usage per customer, they are impacted by changes in the number of customers.
weather. the demand for electricity and natural gas in delaware is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and, with respect to the electric and natural gas businesses, very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity and natural gas. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, rnf related to weather was higher due to the impact of favorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware service territory. during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, rnf related to weather was lower due to the impact of unfavorable weather conditions in dpl's delaware service territory.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in dpl's delaware electric service territory and a 30-year period in dpl's delaware natural gas service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in dpl's delaware service territory for the years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 compared to same periods in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
delaware electric service territory             for the years ended december 31,                                                      % change heating and cooling degree-days                  2018   2017                            normal          2018 vs. 2017          2018 vs. normal heating degree-days                    4,713                      4,203            4,624                12.1   %                 1.9         %
cooling degree-days                    1,456                      1,265            1,210                15.1   %                20.3         %
for the years ended december 31,                                                      % change heating and cooling degree-days                  2017   2016                            normal          2017 vs. 2016          2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                    4,203                      4,454            4,664                (5.6   )%               (9.9        )%
cooling degree-days                    1,265                      1,463            1,193               (13.5   )%                6.0         %
129
delaware natural gas service territory             for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating degree-days                                 2018   2017                       normal               2018 vs. 2017         2018 vs. normal heating degree-days                       4,713                      4,203            4,716         12.1          %               (0.1   )%
for the years ended december 31,                                                     % change heating degree-days                                 2017   2016                       normal               2017 vs. 2016         2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                       4,203                      4,454            4,739                (5.6   )%             (11.3   )%
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to the impact of increased average residential customer usage in dpl's delaware service territory and overall customer growth. volume increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to the impact of customer growth.
electric retail deliveries to delaware customers (in gwhs)         2018            2017          % change 2018 vs. 2017         weather - normal % change            2016      % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change retail deliveries residential                                                  3,204            2,967                   8.0             %                1.8              %       3,072              (3.4   )%                         0.9              %
small commercial &amp; industrial                            1,344            1,317                   2.1             %                  -              %       1,341              (1.8   )%                        (0.2             )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                            3,636            3,473                   4.7             %                3.7              %       3,476              (0.1   )%                         0.9              %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                     33               32                   3.1             %                3.4              %          35              (8.6   )%                        (7.1             )%
total electric retail deliveries(a)                          8,217            7,789                   5.5             %                2.3              %       7,924              (1.7   )%                         0.7              %
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from dpl and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
as of december 31, number of total electric customers (maryland and delaware)           2018                2017                2016
residential                                                  463,670             459,389             456,181
small commercial &amp; industrial                             61,381              60,697              60,173
large commercial &amp; industrial                              1,406               1,400               1,411
public authorities &amp; electric railroads                      621                 629                 643
total                                                        527,078             522,115             518,408
natural gas retail deliveries to delaware customers (in mmcf)          2018   2017                     % change 2018 vs. 2017         weather normal % change   2016                    % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather normal % change retail deliveries residential                                                      8,633             7,445                   16.0             %               3.4             %        7,765                  (4.1            )%               1.1             %
small commercial &amp; industrial                                4,134             3,754                   10.1             %              (1.6            )%        3,700                   1.5             %               6.5             %
large commercial &amp; industrial                                1,952             1,908                    2.3             %               2.3             %        1,875                   1.8             %               1.7             %
transportation                                                   6,831             6,538                    4.5             %               2.3             %        6,202                   5.4             %               6.3             %
total natural gas deliveries(a)                                 21,550            19,645                    9.7             %               2.0             %       19,542                   0.5             %               3.8             %
_________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing natural gas directly from dpl and customers purchasing natural gas from a competitive natural gas supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
130
as of december 31, number of delaware gas customers            2018                2017                2016
residential                         124,183             122,347             120,951
small commercial &amp; industrial     9,986               9,833               9,784
large commercial &amp; industrial        18                  20                  17
transportation                          156                 154                 156
total                               134,343             132,354             130,908
distribution revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to reduced electric distribution rates and gas distribution rates in delaware that were put into effect in march 2018 which reflect the impact of the lower federal income tax rate. distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to higher electric distribution and natural gas distribution base rates in delaware that became effective in july and december 2016 and higher electric distribution base rates in maryland that became effective in february 2017. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, de renewable portfolio standards, sos administrative costs and gcr costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income.
transmission revenues. under a ferc approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar years. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 and for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 2018 and june 2017.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues, and recoveries of other taxes.
see note 24 - segment information for the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of dpl's revenue disaggregation.
131
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline merger costs(a)                                                         $7                          $(94        )
energy efficiency merger commitments customer credits(b)                 5                             -
bsc and phisco costs(c)                                                  4                           (15        )
labor, other benefits, contracting and materials                         4            8
write-off of construction work in progress(d)                            3                            (3        )
uncollectible accounts expense                                           1                           (10        )
other                                                                    6                            (5        )
30                                                                                                  (119        )
regulatory required programs                                            (1        )                   (7        )
total increase (decrease)                                              $29                         $(126        )
_________
(a)   decrease in 2017 primarily due to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016. increase in 2018 primarily due to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(b)   related to empower maryland energy efficiency customer credits.
(c)   decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(d)   decrease in 2017 primarily related to a review of capital projects in 2016.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)        increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017              2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense(a)                          $6                        $14
regulatory asset amortization (b)                18                          -
regulatory required programs(c)                  (9        )                (4        )
total increase                                  $15                        $10
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures and higher depreciation rates in maryland effective february 2017.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)   regulatory required programs decreased primarily due to an empower maryland surcharge rate decrease effective january 2018 and 2017.
gain on sales of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 decreased primarily due to the sale of land in july and december 2016.
interest expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 increased primarily due to higher outstanding debt.
other, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 decreased primarily due to lower income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 15.5%, 37.0% and 169.2%, respectively. the decrease in the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 is primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates
132
results of operations-ace
2018                                                                   2017           favorable (unfavorable) 2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016            favorable (unfavorable) 2017 vs. 2016 variance operating revenues                           $1,236              $1,186                                        $50                            $1,257                                        $(71                 )
purchased power expense                         616                 570                                        (46                 )             651                                          81
revenues net of purchased power expense         620                 616                                          4                               606                                          10
other operating expenses operating and maintenance                       330                 307                                        (23                 )             428                                         121
depreciation and amortization                   136                 146                                         10                               165                                          19
taxes other than income                           5                   6                                          1                                 7                                           1
total other operating expenses                  471                 459                                        (12                 )             600                                         141
gain on sales of assets                           -                   -                                          -                                 1                                          (1                 )
operating income                                149                 157                                         (8                 )               7                                         150
other income and (deductions)
interest expense, net                           (64   )             (61   )                                     (3                 )             (62   )                                       1
other, net                                        2                   7                                         (5                 )               9                                          (2                 )
total other income and(deductions)              (62   )             (54   )                                     (8                 )             (53   )                                      (1                 )
income (loss) before income taxes                87                 103                                        (16                 )             (46   )                                     149
income taxes                                     12                  26                                         14                                (4   )                                     (30                 )
net income (loss)                               $75                 $77                                        $(2                 )            $(42   )                                    $119
year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017. net income remained relatively consistent. the tcja did not significantly impact net income as the favorable income tax impacts were predominately offset by lower revenues resulting from the pass back of the tax savings through customer rates.
year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016. net income increased by $119 million primarily due to merger-related costs recognized in march 2016 and higher electric distribution base rates effective august 2016 and october 2017 and an increase in transmission formula rate revenues, partially offset by lower customer usage. income taxes expense included unrecognized tax benefits of $22 million for uncertain tax positions related to the deductibility of certain merger commitments in the first quarter of 2017. this decrease was offset by an increase in income taxes due to the december 2017 impairment of certain transmission-related income tax regulatory assets of $7 million.
revenues net of purchased power expense. there are certain drivers of operating revenues that are fully offset by their impact on purchased power expense, such as commodity and rec procurement costs and participation in customer choice programs. ace recovers electricity and rec procurement costs from customers without mark-up. therefore, fluctuations in these costs have no impact on rnf.
customers have the choice to purchase electricity from competitive electric generation suppliers. customer choice programs of supplier do not impact the volume of deliveries or rnf, but impact revenues related to supplied electricity.
133
the changes in rnf, consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
weather                                    $12                           $(3        )
volume                                      14                           (20        )
distribution revenue                         2                            40
regulatory required programs               (23        )                  (24        )
transmission revenues                       (4        )                   22
other                                        3                            (5        )
total increase                              $4                           $10
weather.  the demand for electricity is affected by weather conditions. with respect to the electric business, very warm weather in summer months and very cold weather in winter months are referred to as "favorable weather conditions" because these weather conditions result in increased deliveries of electricity. conversely, mild weather reduces demand. during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, rnf related to weather was higher due to the impact of favorable weather conditions in ace's service territory. during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, rnf related to weather was lower due to the impact of unfavorable winter weather conditions.
heating and cooling degree days are quantitative indices that reflect the demand for energy needed to heat or cool a home or business. normal weather is determined based on historical average heating and cooling degree days for a 20-year period in ace's service territory. the changes in heating and cooling degree days in ace's service territory for the years ended december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 compared to same periods in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and normal weather consisted of the following:
for the years ended december 31,           normal                                         % change heating and cooling degree-days              2018   2017                               2018 vs. 2017            2018 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,523                      4,206            4,666                      7.5   %                    (3.1   )%
cooling degree-days                1,535                      1,228            1,135                     25.0   %                    35.2    %
for the years ended december 31,           normal                                         % change heating and cooling degree-days              2017   2016                               2017 vs. 2016            2017 vs. normal heating degree-days                4,206                      4,487            4,713                     (6.3   )%                  (10.8   )%
cooling degree-days                1,228                      1,303            1,115                     (5.8   )%                   10.1    %
volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to higher average residential and commercial usage. volume, exclusive of the effects of weather, decreased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to lower average customer usage, partially offset by the impact of customer growth.
134
electric retail deliveries to customers (in gwhs)         2018            2017          % change 2018 vs. 2017         weather - normal % change            2016      % change 2017 vs. 2016         weather - normal % change retail deliveries(a)
residential                                         4,185            3,853                   8.6             %                4.0              %       4,153              (7.2   )%                        (6.2   )%
small commercial &amp; industrial                   1,361            1,286                   5.8             %                3.5              %       1,455             (11.6   )%                       (11.1   )%
large commercial &amp; industrial                   3,565            3,399                   4.9             %                3.7              %       3,402              (0.1   )%            0.4                %
public authorities &amp; electric railroads            49               47                   4.3             %                4.5              %          49              (4.1   )%                        (4.1   )%
total retail deliveries                             9,160            8,585                   6.7             %                3.8              %       9,059              (5.2   )%                        (4.5   )%
as of december 31, number of electric customers                          2018                2017                2016
residential                                   490,975             487,168             484,240
small commercial &amp; industrial              61,386              61,013              61,008
large commercial &amp; industrial               3,515               3,684               3,763
public authorities &amp; electric railroads       656                 636                 610
total                                         556,532             552,501             549,621
__________
(a)   reflects delivery volumes and revenues from customers purchasing electricity directly from ace and customers purchasing electricity from a competitive electric generation supplier as all customers are assessed distribution charges.
distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to higher electric distribution base rates that became effective in november 2017, partially offset by the impact of reduced distribution rates to reflect the lower federal income tax rate. distribution revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to higher electric distribution base rates that became effective in august 2016 and october 2017. see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
regulatory required programs represent revenues collected under approved riders to recover costs incurred for regulatory programs such as energy efficiency programs, societal benefits charge, transition bonds and bgs administrative costs. the riders are designed to provide full and current cost recovery as well as a return in certain instances. the costs of these programs are included in operating and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization expense and taxes other than income. revenues from regulatory programs decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017, and for the year ended 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to rate decreases effective october 2017 and 2016 respectively for the ace transition bonds.
transmission revenues.  under a ferc-approved formula, transmission revenue varies from year to year based upon fluctuations in the underlying costs, capital investments being recovered, the highest daily peak load, which is updated annually in january based on the prior calendar year. generally, increases/decreases in the highest daily peak load will result in higher/lower transmission revenue. transmission revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to the impact of the lower federal income tax rate. transmission revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to higher rates effective june 2017 and june 2016 related to increases in transmission plant investment and operating expenses.
other revenue includes rental revenue, revenue related to late payment charges, mutual assistance revenues and recoveries of other taxes.
see note 24 - segment information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for the presentation of ace's revenue disaggregation.
135
the changes in operating and maintenance expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                 2017 vs. 2016
baseline labor, other benefits, contracting and materials               $17                            $9
bsc and phisco costs(a)                                         10                           (11        )
merger costs(b)                                                  7                          (120        )
uncollectible accounts expense(c)                               (8        )                    -
other                                                           (2        )   1
24                                                                                          (121        )
regulatory required programs                                    (1        )                    -
total increase (decrease)                                      $23                         $(121        )
_________
(a)   decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger severance and compensation costs recognized in 2016.
(b)   decrease in 2017 primarily related to merger-related commitments for customer rate credits and charitable contributions recognized in 2016. increase in 2018 primarily related to a deferral of accumulated merger integration costs as regulatory assets in 2017.
(c)   ace is allowed to recover from or refund to customers the difference between its annual uncollectible accounts expense and the amounts collected in rates annually through a rider mechanism. an equal and offsetting amount has been recognized in operating revenues for the periods presented.
the changes in depreciation and amortization expense consisted of the following:
increase (decrease)                increase (decrease)
2018 vs. 2017                            2017 vs. 2016
depreciation expense(a)            $5                                         $6
regulatory asset amortization(b)   5                                          (2        )
required regulatory programs(c)    (20               )                       (24        )
other                              -                          1
total decrease                     $(10              )                      $(19        )
_________
(a)   depreciation expense increased due to ongoing capital expenditures.
(b)   regulatory asset amortization increased due to additional regulatory assets related to rate case activity.
(c)   regulatory required programs decreased due to rate decreases effective october 2017 and 2016 respectively for the ace transition bonds.
other, net for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 decreased primarily due to lower income from afudc equity.
effective income tax rates were 13.8%, 25.2%, and 8.7% for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017 primarily due to the lower federal income tax rate as a result of the tcja. see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the components of the change in effective income tax rates.
liquidity and capital resources exelon activity presented below includes the activity of phi, pepco, dpl and ace, from the phi merger effective date of march 24, 2016 through december 31, 2018. exelon prior year activity is unadjusted for the effects of the
136
phi merger. due to the application of push-down accounting to the phi entity, phi's activity is presented in two separate reporting periods, the legacy phi activity through march 23, 2016 (predecessor), and phi activity for the remainder of the period after the phi merger date (successor). for each of pepco, dpl and ace the activity presented below include its activity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. all results included throughout the liquidity and capital resources section are presented on a gaap basis.
the registrants' operating and capital expenditures requirements are provided by internally generated cash flows from operations as well as funds from external sources in the capital markets and through bank borrowings. the registrants' businesses are capital intensive and require considerable capital resources. each registrant's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current overall capital market business conditions, including that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to the extent that the registrants no longer have access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, the registrants have access to unsecured revolving credit facilities with aggregate bank commitments of $9 billion. in addition, generation has $545 million in bilateral facilities with banks which have various expirations between october 2019 and april 2021 and $159 in credit facilities for project finance. the registrants utilize their credit facilities to support their commercial paper programs, provide for other short-term borrowings and to issue letters of credit. see the "credit matters" section below for additional information. the registrants expect cash flows to be sufficient to meet operating expenses, financing costs and capital expenditure requirements.
the registrants primarily use their capital resources, including cash, to fund capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. the registrants spend a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be delayed or limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' debt and credit agreements.
nrc minimum funding requirements nrc regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that sufficient funds will be available in certain minimum amounts to decommission the facility. these nrc minimum funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning activities will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. if a unit fails the nrc minimum funding test, then the plant's owners or parent companies would be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional cash contributions to the ndt fund to ensure sufficient funds are available. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the nrc minimum funding requirements.
if a nuclear plant were to early retire there is a risk that it will no longer meet the nrc minimum funding requirements due to the earlier commencement of decommissioning activities and a shorter time period over which the ndt funds could appreciate in value. a shortfall could require that generation address the shortfall by, among other things, obtaining a parental guarantee for generation's share of the funding assurance. however, the amount of any guarantees or other assurance will ultimately depend on the decommissioning approach, the associated level of costs, and the ndt fund investment performance going forward. within two years after shutting down a plant, generation must submit a post-shutdown decommissioning activities report (psdar) to the nrc that includes the planned option for decommissioning the site. as discussed in note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements, generation filed its annual decommissioning funding status report with the nrc on march 28, 2018 for shutdown reactors and reactors within five years of shutdown. as of december 31, 2018, across the alternative decommissioning approaches available, exelon would not be required to post a parental guarantee for tmi or oyster creek. in the event pseg decides to early retire salem, generation estimates a parental guarantee of up to $30 million from exelon could be required for salem, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected.
upon issuance of any required financial guarantees, each site would be able to utilize the respective ndt funds for radiological decommissioning costs, which represent the majority of the total expected decommissioning costs. however, the nrc must approve an additional exemption in order for the plant's owner(s) to utilize the ndt fund to pay for non-radiological decommissioning costs (i.e., spent fuel management and site restoration costs). if a unit does not receive this exemption, the costs would be borne by the owner(s). while the ultimate amounts may vary
137
greatly and could be reduced by alternate decommissioning scenarios and/or reimbursement of certain costs under the doe reimbursement agreements or future litigation, across the alternative decommissioning approaches available, if tmi were to fail to obtain the exemption, generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $125 million net of taxes, dependent upon the ultimate decommissioning approach selected. in the event pseg decides to early retire salem and salem were to fail to obtain the exemption, generation estimates it could incur spent fuel management and site restoration costs over the next ten years of up to $90 million net of taxes. on october 19, 2018, the nrc granted generation's exemption request to use the oyster creek ndt funds for non-radiological decommissioning costs.
on july 31, 2018, generation entered into an agreement for the sale of oyster creek which is expected to occur in the second half of 2019. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for additional information on the sale of oyster creek to holtec.
junior subordinated notes in june 2014, exelon issued $1.15 billion of junior subordinated notes in the form of 23 million equity units at a stated amount of $50.00 per unit. each equity unit represented an undivided beneficial ownership interest in exelon's $1.15 billion of 2.50% junior subordinated notes due in 2024 ("2024 notes") and a forward equity purchase contract.  as contemplated in the june 2014 equity unit structure, in april 2017, exelon completed the remarketing of the 2024 notes into $1.15 billion of 3.497% junior subordinated notes due in 2022 ("remarketing").  exelon conducted the remarketing on behalf of the holders of equity units and did not directly receive any proceeds therefrom. instead, the former holders of the 2024 notes used debt remarketing proceeds towards settling the forward equity purchase contract with exelon on june 1, 2017. exelon issued approximately 33 million shares of common stock from treasury stock and received $1.15 billion upon settlement of the forward equity purchase contract. when reissuing treasury stock exelon uses the average price paid to repurchase shares to calculate a gain or loss on issuance and records gains or losses directly to retained earnings. a loss on reissuance of treasury shares of $1.05 billion was recorded to retained earnings as of december 31, 2017. see note 20 - earnings per share of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the issuance of common stock.
cash flows from operating activities general generation's cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of electric energy and energy-related products and services to customers. generation's future cash flows from operating activities may be affected by future demand for and market prices of energy and its ability to continue to produce and supply power at competitive costs as well as to obtain collections from customers.
the utility registrants' cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the transmission and distribution of electricity and, in the case of peco, bge and dpl, gas distribution services. the utility registrants' distribution services are provided to an established and diverse base of retail customers. the utility registrants' future cash flows may be affected by the economy, weather conditions, future legislative initiatives, future regulatory proceedings with respect to their rates or operations, competitive suppliers, and their ability to achieve operating cost reductions.
see note 4 - regulatory matters and note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of regulatory and legal proceedings and proposed legislation.
138
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting exelon's cash flows from operations for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016:
2018                                                                                                     2017            2018 vs. 2017 variance                2016               2017 vs. 2016 variance net income                                                                     $2,084              $3,876                     $(1,792         )          $1,196                         $2,680
add (subtract):
non-cash operating activities(a)                                                7,580               5,445                       2,135                     7,714                         (2,269         )
pension and non-pension                                                          (383   )            (405   )                      22                      (397   )                         (8         )
postretirement benefit contributions income taxes                                                                      340                 299                          41                       576                           (277         )
changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities(b)      (1,016   )          (1,605   )                     589                      (243   )                     (1,362         )
option premiums received (paid), net                                              (43   )              28                         (71         )             (66   )   -   94
collateral received                                                                82                (158   )                     240                       931                         (1,089         )
(posted), net deposit with irs                                                                    -                   -                           -                    (1,250   )                      1,250
net cash flows provided by operations                                          $8,644              $7,480                      $1,164                    $8,461                          $(981         )
__________
(a)   represents depreciation, amortization, depletion and accretion, net fair value changes related to derivatives, deferred income taxes, provision for uncollectible accounts, pension and non-pension postretirement benefit expense, equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates and investments, decommissioning-related items, stock compensation expense, impairment of long-lived assets, gain on sale of assets and businesses and other non-cash charges. see note 23 -supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on non-cash operating activity.
(b)   changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities exclude the changes in commercial paper, income taxes and the current portion of long-term debt.
pension and other postretirement benefits management considers various factors when making pension funding decisions, including actuarially determined minimum contribution requirements under erisa, contributions required to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status as defined by the pension protection act of 2006 (the act), management of the pension obligation and regulatory implications. the act requires the attainment of certain funding levels to avoid benefit restrictions (such as an inability to pay lump sums or to accrue benefits prospectively), and at-risk status (which triggers higher minimum contribution requirements and participant notification). the projected contributions below reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of (1) $300 million until all the qualified plans are fully funded on an abo basis, and (2) the minimum amounts under erisa to meet minimum contribution requirements and/or avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. this level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. unlike the qualified pension plans, exelon's non-qualified pension plans are not funded, given that they are not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements.
while other postretirement plans are also not subject to statutory minimum contribution requirements, exelon does fund certain of its plans. for exelon's funded opeb plans, contributions generally equal accounting costs, however, exelon's management has historically considered several factors in determining the level of contributions to its other postretirement benefit plans, including liabilities management, levels of benefit claims paid and regulatory implications (amounts deemed prudent to meet regulatory expectations and best assure continued rate recovery). the amounts below include benefit payments related to unfunded plans.
139
the following table provides all registrants' planned contributions to the qualified pension plans, planned benefit payments to non-qualified pension plans, and planned contributions to other postretirement plans in 2019:
qualified pension plans            non-qualified pension plans                   other postretirement benefits exelon                    $301                                  $25                          $44
generation                 135                                    7                           13
comed                       65                                    1                            2
peco                        25                                    1                            -
bge                         34                                    1                           15
bsc                         41                                    7                            2
phi                          1                                    8                           12
pepco                        -                                    2                           10
dpl                          -                                    1                            -
ace                          -                                    -                            1
phisco                       1                                    5                            1
to the extent interest rates decline significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn less than the expected asset returns, annual pension contribution requirements in future years could increase. conversely, to the extent interest rates increase significantly or the pension and opeb plans earn greater than the expected asset returns, annual pension and opeb contribution requirements in future years could decrease. additionally, expected contributions could change if exelon changes its pension or opeb funding strategy.
cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                                      2017                2016
exelon          $8,644              $7,480              $8,461
generation       3,861               3,299               4,442
comed            1,749               1,527               2,505
peco               739                 755                 829
bge                789                 821                 945
pepco              474                 407                 651
dpl                352                 321                 310
ace                228                 206                 385
successor   predecessor
2018                         2017      march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi      $1,132          $950          $888                                      $264
changes in registrants' cash flows from operations for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were generally consistent with changes in each registrant's respective results of operations, as adjusted by changes in working capital in the normal course of business. in addition, significant operating cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
generation
•   depending upon whether generation is in a net mark-to-market liability or asset position, collateral may be required to be posted with or collected from its counterparties. in addition, the collateral posting and collection requirements differ depending on whether the transactions are on an exchange or in the otc
140
markets. during 2018, 2017 and 2016, generation had net collections (payments) of counterparty cash collateral of $64 million, $(129) million and $923 million, respectively, primarily due to market conditions that resulted in changes to generation's net mark-to-market position.
•   during 2018, 2017 and 2016, generation had net (payments) collections of approximately $(43) million, $28 million and $(66) million, respectively, related to purchases and sales of options. the level of option activity in a given year may vary due to several factors, including changes in market conditions as well as changes in hedging strategy.
for additional information regarding changes in non-cash operating activities, see note 23 - supplemental financial information of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                         2017                2016
exelon         $(7,834   )         $(7,971   )          $(15,450   )
generation      (2,531   )          (2,662   )            (3,816   )
comed           (2,097   )          (2,230   )            (2,685   )
peco              (840   )            (597   )              (797   )
bge               (950   )            (875   )              (910   )
pepco             (654   )            (628   )              (616   )
dpl               (362   )            (429   )              (336   )
ace               (334   )            (313   )              (307   )
successor                                                                    predecessor
2018                  2017               march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi   $(1,371     )   $(1,397     )      $(993                       )             $(346                       )
significant investing cash flow impacts for the registrants for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
exelon
•   during 2016, exelon had expenditures of $6.6 billion related to the phi merger.
•   during 2016, exelon had proceeds of $360 million as a result of early termination of direct financing leases.
exelon and generation
•   during 2018, exelon and generation had expenditures of $81 million and $57 related to the acquisitions of the everett marine terminal and the handley generating station, respectively.
•   during 2018, exelon and generation had proceeds of $85 million relating to the sale of generation's interest in an electrical contracting business that primarily installs, maintains and repairs underground and high-voltage cable transmission and distribution services.
•   during 2017, exelon and generation had additional expenditures of $23 million and $178 million related to the acquisitions of conedison solutions and the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively.
•   during 2017, exelon and generation had proceeds of $218 million from sales of long-lived assets, primarily related to the sale back of turbine equipment.
141
•   during 2016, exelon and generation had expenditures of $235 million and $58 million related to the acquisitions of conedison solutions and the fitzpatrick nuclear generating station, respectively.
capital expenditure spending capital expenditures by registrant for 2018, 2017 and 2016 and projected amounts for 2019 are as follows:
projected2019 (a)                2018                2017                2016
exelon(b)           $7,325                  $7,594              $7,584              $8,553
generation           1,950                   2,242               2,259               3,078
comed                1,875                   2,126               2,250               2,734
peco                   975                     849                 732                 686
bge                  1,100                     959                 882                 934
pepco                  725                     656                 628                 586
dpl                    350                     364                 428                 349
ace                    300                     335                 312                 311
successor   predecessor projected2019 (a)       2018                         2017      march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi(c)   $1,375                         $1,375          $1,396          $1,008                                    $273
__________
(a)   total projected capital expenditures do not include adjustments for non-cash activity. amounts are rounded to the nearest $25 million.
(b)   includes corporate operations, bsc and phisco.
(c)   includes phisco.
projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
generation approximately 43% and 8% of the projected 2019 capital expenditures at generation are for the acquisition of nuclear fuel, and the construction of new natural gas plants and solar facilities, respectively, with the remaining amounts reflecting investment in renewable energy and additions and upgrades to existing facilities (including material condition improvements during nuclear refueling outages). generation anticipates that it will fund capital expenditures with internally generated funds and borrowings.
comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace projected 2019 capital expenditures at the utility registrants are for continuing projects to maintain and improve operations, including enhancing reliability and adding capacity to the transmission and distribution systems such as the utility registrants' construction commitments under pjm's rtep.
the utility registrants as transmission owners are subject to nerc compliance requirements. nerc provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. the results of these assessments could require the utility registrants to incur incremental capital or operating and maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet nerc standards. in 2010, nerc provided guidance to transmission owners that recommended the utility registrants perform assessments of their transmission lines. comed, peco and bge submitted their final bi-annual reports to nerc in january 2014. comed and peco will be incurring incremental capital expenditures associated with this guidance following the completion of the assessments. specific projects and expenditures are identified as the assessments are completed. comed's and peco's forecasted 2019 capital expenditures above reflect capital spending for remediation to be completed through 2019. bge, dpl and ace are complete with their assessments and pepco has substantially completed its assessment and thus do not expect significant capital expenditures related to this guidance in 2019.
142
the utility registrants anticipate that they will fund their capital expenditures with a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings and additional capital contributions from parent.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                                  2017                2016
exelon         $(219   )          $767              $1,191
generation      (981   )          (531   )            (734   )
comed            534               789                 169
peco             (39   )            50                (263   )
bge              156                22                 (21   )
pepco            193               219                   -
dpl               32                64                  67
ace              105                 5                  22
successor   predecessor
2018                       2017      march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi      $330          $306          $(7                         )             $372
143
debt see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' debt issuances and retirements. debt activity for 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant was as follows:
during 2018, the following long-term debt was issued:
company      type                                            interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.72        %   march 31, 2019            $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          3.17        %   january 31, 2019          $1        funding to install energy conservation measures in brooklyn, ny.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          2.61        %   september 30, 2018        $5        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          4.17        %   january 31, 2019          $1        funding to install energy conservation measures for the general services administration philadelphia project.
generation   energy efficiency project financing(a)          4.26        %   may 31, 2019              $3        funding to install energy conservation measures for the national institutes of health multi-buildings phase ii project.
comed        first mortgage bonds, series 124                4.00        %   march 1, 2048           $800        refinance one series of maturing first mortgage bonds, to repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and to fund general corporate purposes comed        first mortgage bonds, series 125                3.70        %   august 15, 2028         $550        repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds              3.90        %   march 1, 2048           $325        refinance a portion of maturing mortgage bonds.
peco         loan agreement                                  2.00        %   june 20, 2023            $50        funding to implement electric long-term infrastructure improvement plan peco         first and refunding mortgage bonds              3.90        %   march 1, 2048           $325        satisfy short-term borrowings from the exelon intercompany money pool and for general corporate purposes.
bge          senior notes                                    4.25        %   september 15, 2048      $300        repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco        first mortgage bonds                            4.27        %   june 15, 2048           $100        repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
pepco        first mortgage bonds                            4.31        %   november 1, 2048        $100        repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
dpl          first mortgage bonds                            4.27        %   june 15, 2048           $200        repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
ace          first mortgage bonds                            4.00        %   october 15, 2028        $350        refinance ace's 7.75% first mortgage bonds due november 15, 2018, reduce short-term borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
144
during 2017, the following long term debt was issued:
company            type                                                     interest rate   maturity                     amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   junior subordinated notes                                3.50        %   june 1, 2022            $1,150        refinance exelon's junior subordinated notes issued in june 2014.
generation         albany green energy project financing(a)        libor + 1.25%            november 17, 2017          $14        albany green energy biomass generation development.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.90        %   february 1, 2018           $19        funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.72        %   may 1, 2018                 $5        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   2.61        %   september 30, 2018         $13        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.53        %   april 1, 2019               $8        funding to install energy conservation measures for the state department project.
generation         senior notes                                             2.95        %   january 15, 2020          $250        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation         senior notes                                             3.40        %   march 15, 2020            $500        repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt(b)(c)        libor + 4.75%            september 18, 2021          $6        general corporate purposes.
generation         exgen renewables iv, nonrecourse debt(b)        libor + 3.00%            november 30, 2024         $850        general corporate purposes.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 122                         2.95        %   august 15, 2027           $350        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes comed              first mortgage bonds, series 123                         3.75        %   august 15, 2047           $650        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco               first and refunding mortgage bonds                       3.70        %   september 15, 2047        $325        general corporate purposes.
bge                senior notes                                             3.75        %   august 15, 2047           $300        redeem $250 million in principal amount of the 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due october 15, 2043 issued by bge's affiliate bge capital trust ii, repay commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
pepco              energy efficiency project financing(a)                   3.30        %   december 15, 2017           $2        funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project.
pepco              first mortgage bonds                                     4.15        %   march 15, 2043            $200        funding to repay outstanding commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
145
(b)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(c)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
during 2016, the following long term-debt was issued:
company            type                                                           interest rate   maturity                   amount   use of proceeds exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         2.45        %   april 15, 2021          $300        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         3.40        %   april 15, 2026          $750        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
exelon corporate   senior unsecured notes                                         4.45        %   april 15, 2046          $750        repay commercial paper issued by phi and for general corporate purposes.
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)                 4.11        %   march 31, 2035          $150        paydown long-term debt obligations at sacramento pv energy and constellation solar horizons and for general corporate purposes.
generation         albany green energy project financing(b)              libor + 1.25%            november 17, 2017        $98        albany green energy biomass generation development.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                         3.17        %   december 31, 2017        $16        funding to install energy conservation measures in brooklyn, ny.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                         3.90        %   january 31, 2018         $19        funding to install energy conservation measures for the naval station great lakes project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                         3.52        %   april 30, 2018           $14        funding to install energy conservation measures for the smithsonian zoo project.
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                                     3.93        %   september 30, 2036      $150        general corporate purposes.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                         3.46        %   october 1, 2018          $36        funding to install energy conservation measures or the marine corps logistics base project.
generation         energy efficiency project financing(b)                         2.61        %   september 30, 2018        $4        funding to install energy conservation measures for the pensacola project.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 120                               2.55        %   june 15, 2026           $500        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 121                               3.65        %   june 15, 2046           $700        refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay a portion of comed's outstanding commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes.
peco               first mortgage bonds                                           1.70        %   september 15, 2021      $300        refinance maturing mortgage bonds.
bge                notes                                                          2.40        %   august 15, 2026         $350        redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes.
146
bge     notes                                       3.50   %   august 15, 2046           500           redeem the $190m of outstanding preference shares and for general corporate purposes.
pepco   energy efficiency project financing(b)      3.30   %   december 15, 2017           4                 funding to install energy conservation measures for the doe germantown project.
dpl     first mortgage bonds                        4.15   %   may 15, 2045              175   refinance maturing mortgage bonds, repay commercial paper and for general corporate purposes.
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   for energy efficiency project financing, the maturity dates represent the expected date of project completion, upon which the respective customer assumes the outstanding debt.
during 2018, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024               $6
generation         naval station great lakes project financing              3.90%   june 30, 2018            $41
generation         smithsonian zoo project financing                        3.72%   march 31, 2019            $1
generation         pensacola project financing                              2.61%   september 30, 2018       $21
generation         fort detrick project financing                           3.55%   june 30, 2019            $19
generation         holyoke nonrecourse debt(a)                              5.25%   december 31, 2031         $1
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036       $10
generation         antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(a)          2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt(a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $33
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $11
generation         kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $4
generation         exgen renewables iv nonrecourse debt               3ml+300 bps   november 30, 2024        $16
generation         nukem                                            3.15% - 3.35%   2018 - 2020              $43
comed              first mortgage bonds                                     5.80%   march 15, 2018          $700
comed              notes                                                    6.95%   july 15, 2018           $140
peco               first mortgage bonds                                     5.35%   march 1, 2018           $500
dpl                medium term notes, unsecured                             6.81%   january 9, 2018           $4
pepco              notes                                                    3.30%   august 31, 2018           $5
pepco              third party financing                               7.28-7.99%   2021 - 2023               $1
ace                first mortgage bonds                                     7.75%   november 15, 2018       $250
ace                transition bonds                                 5.05% - 5.55%   2020 - 2023              $31
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
147
during 2017, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long-term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024              $24
exelon corporate   senior notes                                             1.55%   june 9, 2017            $550
generation         senior notes - exelon wind                               2.00%   july 31, 2017             $1
generation         ceu upstream nonrecourse debt(a)                 libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019          $6
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $2
generation         antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(a)          2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $2
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt(a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $31
generation         pes - pgov notes payable                            6.70-7.60%   2017 - 2018               $1
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt(a)(b)         libor + 4.75%   september 18, 2021      $665
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035           $14
generation         nukem                                            3.25% - 3.35%   june 30, 2018            $23
generation         exgen renewables i, nonrecourse debt             libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021        $233
generation         senior notes                                             6.20%   october 1, 2017         $700
generation         albany green energy project financing            libor + 1.25%   november 17, 2017       $212
comed              first mortgage bonds                                     6.15%   september 15, 2017      $425
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                 5.82%   april 1, 2017            $41
bge                capital trust preferred securities                       6.20%   october 15, 2043        $258
phi                senior notes                                             6.13%   june 1, 2017             $81
dpl                medium term notes, unsecured                     7.56% - 7.58%   february 1, 2017         $14
dpl                variable rate demand bonds                            variable   october 1, 2017          $26
pepco              third party financing                            6.97% - 7.99%   2018 - 2022               $1
ace                transition bonds                                 5.05% - 5.55%   2020 - 2023              $35
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for additional information.
148
during 2016, the following long-term debt was retired and/or redeemed:
company            type                                             interest rate   maturity                   amount exelon corporate   long term software license agreement                     3.95%   may 1, 2024               $8
exelon corporate   senior notes                                             4.95%   june 15, 2035             $1
generation         antelope valley doe nonrecourse debt(a)          2.29% - 3.56%   january 5, 2037          $22
generation         kennett square capital lease                             7.83%   september 20, 2020        $4
generation         continental wind nonrecourse debt(a)                     6.00%   february 28, 2033        $29
generation         ceu upstream nonrecourse debt(a)                 libor + 2.25%   january 14, 2019         $46
generation         exgen texas power nonrecourse debt(a)(b)                 5.00%   september 18, 2021        $7
generation         sacramento solar nonrecourse debt                libor + 2.25%   december 31, 2030        $33
generation         clean horizons nonrecourse debt                  libor + 2.25%   september 7, 2030        $32
generation         exgen renewables i, nonrecourse debt             libor + 4.25%   february 6, 2021         $24
generation         pes - pgov notes payable                         6.70% - 7.46%   2017-2018                 $1
generation         nukem                                                    3.35%   june 30, 2018            $12
generation         nukem                                                    3.25%   july 1, 2018             $10
generation         renewable power generation nonrecourse debt(a)           4.11%   march 31, 2035            $9
generation         solgen nonrecourse debt(a)                               3.93%   september 30, 2036        $2
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 104                         5.95%   august 15, 2016         $415
comed              first mortgage bonds, series 111                         1.95%   august 1, 2016          $250
peco               first and refunding mortgage bonds                       1.20%   october 15, 2016        $300
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                 5.72%   april 1, 2016             $1
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                 5.82%   april 1, 2017            $38
bge                notes                                                    5.90%   october 1, 2016         $300
bge                rate stabilization bonds                                 5.82%   april 1, 2017            $40
phi                senior unsecured notes                                   5.90%   december 12, 2016       $190
dpl                first mortgage bonds                                     5.22%   december 30, 2016       $100
ace                transition bonds                                         5.05%   october 20, 2020         $12
ace                transition bonds                                         5.55%   october 20, 2023         $34
ace                first mortgage bonds                                     7.68%   august 23, 2016           $2
__________
(a)   see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of nonrecourse debt.
(b)   as a result of the bankruptcy filing for egtp on november 7, 2017, the nonrecourse debt was deconsolidated from exelon's and generation's consolidated financial statements. see note 5 - mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for additional information.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the registrants may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable options to reduce debt on their respective balance sheets.
149
dividends cash dividend payments and distributions for the year ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                                      2017                2016
exelon          $1,332              $1,236              $1,166
generation       1,001                 659                 922
comed              459                 422                 369
peco               306                 288                 277
bge(a)             209                 198                 187
pepco              169                 133                 136
dpl                 96                 112                  54
ace                 59                  68                  63
successor   predecessor
2018                2017              march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi      $326              $311       $273                                      $-
__________
(a)   includes dividends paid on bge's preference stock during 2016.
quarterly dividends declared by the exelon board of directors during the year ended december 31, 2018 and for the first quarter of 2019 were as follows:
period                declaration date     shareholder of record date   dividend payable date       cash per share(a)
first quarter 2018    january 30, 2018     february 15, 2018            march 9, 2018                 $0.3450
second quarter 2018   may 1, 2018          may 15, 2018                 june 8, 2018                  $0.3450
third quarter 2018    july 24, 2018        august 15, 2018              september 10, 2018            $0.3450
fourth quarter 2018   september 24, 2018   november 15, 2018            december 1, 2018              $0.3450
first quarter 2019    february 5, 2019     february 20, 2019            march 8, 2019                 $0.3625
___________
(a)   exelon's board of directors approved an updated dividend policy providing an increase of 5% each year for the period covering 2018 through 2020, beginning with the march 2018 dividend.
short-term borrowings short-term borrowings incurred (repaid) during 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                                  2017              2016
exelon         $(338   )         $(261   )         $(353   )
generation         -              (620   )           620
comed              -                 -              (294   )
bge              (42   )            32              (165   )
pepco             14                 3               (41   )
dpl             (216   )           216              (105   )
ace              (94   )           108                (5   )
150
successor                                                             predecessor
2018                       2017   march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi   $(296     )      $328       $(515                       )             $(121                       )
retirement of long-term debt to financing affiliates on august 28, 2017, bge redeemed all of the outstanding shares of bge capital trust ii 6.20% preferred securities.
contributions from parent/member contributions from parent/member (exelon) during 2018, 2017 and 2016 by registrant were as follows:
2018                                   2017              2016
generation       $155              $102              $142
comed(a)(b)       500               672               473
peco(b)            89                16                18
bge(b)            109               184                61
pepco(c)          166               161               187
dpl(c)            150                 -               152
ace(c)             67                 -               139
successor   predecessor
2018                2017              march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016       january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
phi      $385              $758       $1,251                                    $-
__________
(a)   additional contributions from parent or external debt financing may be required as a result of increased capital investment in infrastructure improvements and modernization pursuant to eima, transmission upgrades and expansions and exelon's agreement to indemnify comed for any unfavorable after-tax impacts associated with comed's lke tax matter.
(b)   contribution paid by exelon.
(c)   contribution paid by phi.
pursuant to the orders approving the phi merger, exelon made equity contributions of $73 million, $46 million and $49 million to pepco, dpl and ace, respectively, in the second quarter of 2016 to fund the after-tax amount of the customer bill credit and the customer base rate credit.
redemptions of preference stock.  bge had $190 million of cumulative preference stock that was redeemable at its option at any time after october 1, 2015 for the redemption price of $100 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on july 3, 2016, bge redeemed all 400,000 shares of its outstanding 7.125% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and all 600,000 shares of its outstanding 6.990% cumulative preference stock, 1995 series for $100 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. on september 18, 2016, bge redeemed the remaining 500,000 shares of its outstanding 6.970% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series and the remaining 400,000 shares of its outstanding 6.700% cumulative preference stock, 1993 series for $90 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. as of december 31, 2018, bge no longer has any preferred stock outstanding.
other for the year ended december 31, 2018, other financing activities primarily consists of debt issuance costs. see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements' for additional information.
151
credit matters market conditions the registrants fund liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital, energy hedging and other financial commitments through cash flows from continuing operations, public debt offerings, commercial paper markets and large, diversified credit facilities. the credit facilities include $9.7 billion (including bilateral credit facilities and credit facilities for project finance) in aggregate total commitments of which $8.0 billion was available as of december 31, 2018, and of which no financial institution has more than 7% of the aggregate commitments for the registrants. the registrants had access to the commercial paper market during 2018 to fund their short-term liquidity needs, when necessary. the registrants routinely review the sufficiency of their liquidity position, including appropriate sizing of credit facility commitments, by performing various stress test scenarios, such as commodity price movements, increases in margin-related transactions, changes in hedging levels and the impacts of hypothetical credit downgrades. the registrants have continued to closely monitor events in the financial markets and the financial institutions associated with the credit facilities, including monitoring credit ratings and outlooks, credit default swap levels, capital raising and merger activity. see part i. item 1a. risk factors for additional information regarding the effects of uncertainty in the capital and credit markets.
the registrants believe their cash flow from operating activities, access to credit markets and their credit facilities provide sufficient liquidity. if generation lost its investment grade credit rating as of december 31, 2018, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of $2.1 billion to meet collateral obligations for derivatives, non-derivatives, normal purchases and normal sales contracts and applicable payables and receivables, net of the contractual right of offset under master netting agreements, which is well within the $4.1 billion of available credit capacity of its revolver.
the following table presents the incremental collateral that each utility registrant would have been required to provide in the event each utility registrant lost its investment grade credit rating at december 31, 2018 and available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral at december 31, 2018:
pjm credit policy collateral      other incremental collateral required(a)                 available credit facility capacity prior to any incremental collateral comed                      $9                  $-                                                                                               $998
peco                        -                                             39                                                                     600
bge                        12                                             69                                                                     599
pepco                      11                  -                                                                                                 292
dpl                         5                                             11                                                                     299
ace                         -                  -                                                                                                 300
__________
(a)   represents incremental collateral related to natural gas procurement contracts.
exelon credit facilities exelon corporate, comed, bge, pepco, dpl and ace meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper. generation and peco meet their short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings from the intercompany money pool. phi corporate meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of short-term notes and the exelon intercompany money pool. the registrants may use their respective credit facilities for general corporate purposes, including meeting short-term funding requirements and the issuance of letters of credit.
see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' credit facilities and short term borrowing activity.
152
other credit matters capital structure. at december 31, 2018, the capital structures of the registrants consisted of the following:
exelon       generation          comed         peco            bge         phi         pepco       dpl           ace long-term debt                        51   %            32   %           44   %        44   %       46   %      40   %       49   %       50   %      48   %
long-term debt to affiliates(a)        1   %             4   %            1   %         3   %        -   %       -   %        -   %        -   %       -   %
common equity                         47   %         -       %           55   %        53   %       53   %       -           50   %       50   %      46   %
member's equity                        -   %            64   %           -    %        -    %        -   %      59   %        -            -           -
commercial paper and notes payable     1   %         -       %           -             -    %        1   %       1   %        1   %        -   %       6   %
__________
(a)   includes approximately $390 million, $205 million and $184 million owed to unconsolidated affiliates of exelon, comed, and peco respectively. these special purpose entities were created for the sole purposes of issuing mandatorily redeemable trust preferred securities of comed and peco. see note 2 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the authoritative guidance for vies.
security ratings the registrants' access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets, may depend on the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets.
the registrants' borrowings are not subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading of a registrant's securities could increase fees and interest charges under that registrant's credit agreements.
as part of the normal course of business, the registrants enter into contracts that contain express provisions or otherwise permit the registrants and their counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contracts law, if the registrants are downgraded by a credit rating agency, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include the posting of collateral. see note 12 - derivative financial instruments of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on collateral provisions.
153
intercompany money pool to provide an additional short-term borrowing option that will generally be more favorable to the borrowing participants than the cost of external financing, both exelon and phi operate an intercompany money pool. maximum amounts contributed to and borrowed from the money pool by participant and the net contribution or borrowing as of december 31, 2018, are presented in the following tables:
exelon intercompany money pool   for the year ended december 31, 2018                          as of december 31, 2018
contributed (borrowed)           maximumcontributed                       maximumborrowed      contributed (borrowed)
exelon corporate                 $674                                          $-              $216
generation                       227                                         (389       )      (100                )
peco                             285                                         (420       )      -
bsc                              -                                           (403       )      (173                )
phi corporate                    -                                            (35       )      -
pci                              57                                            (1       )   57
phi intercompany money pool   for the year ended december 31, 2018                          as of december 31, 2018
contributed (borrowed)        maximumcontributed                 maximumborrowed            contributed (borrowed)
phi corporate                 $1                                 $-                         $1
phisco                        34                                 -                       3
investments in ndt funds. exelon, generation and ceng maintain trust funds, as required by the nrc, to fund certain costs of decommissioning nuclear plants. the mix of securities in the trust funds is designed to provide returns to be used to fund decommissioning and to offset inflationary increases in decommissioning costs. generation actively monitors the investment performance of the trust funds and periodically reviews asset allocations in accordance with generation's ndt fund investment policy. generation's and ceng's investment policies establish limits on the concentration of holdings in any one company and also in any one industry. see note 15 - asset retirement obligations of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the trust funds, the nrc's minimum funding requirements and related liquidity ramifications.
shelf registration statements.  exelon, generation, comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace have a currently effective combined shelf registration statement unlimited in amount, filed with the sec, that will expire in august 2019. the ability of each registrant to sell securities off the shelf registration statement or to access the private placement markets will depend on a number of factors at the time of the proposed sale, including other required regulatory approvals, as applicable, the current financial condition of the registrant, its securities ratings and market conditions.
regulatory authorizations.  comed, peco, bge, pepco, dpl and ace are required to obtain short-term and long-term financing authority from federal and state commissions as follows:
short-term financing authority(a)                                                                long-term financing authority(a)
commission   expiration date          amount                            commission          expiration date                   amount (c)
comed(b)     ferc                     december 31, 2019                     $2,500                            icc                    2019 &amp; 2021                 $1,533
peco         ferc                     december 31, 2019                      1,500                            papuc                  december 31, 2021                1,900
bge          ferc                     december 31, 2019                        700                            mdpsc                  n/a                                400
pepco        ferc                     december 31, 2019                        500                            mdpsc / dcpsc          december 31, 2020                  400
dpl          ferc                     december 31, 2019                        500                            mdpsc / dpsc           december 31, 2020                  150
ace          njbpu                    december 31, 2019                        350                            njbpu                  december 31, 2019                    -
__________
(a)   generation currently has blanket financing authority it received from ferc in connection with its market-based rate authority.
154
(b)   comed had $440 million available in long-term debt refinancing authority and $1,093 million available in new money long-term debt financing authority from the icc as of december 31, 2018 and has an expiration date of june 1, 2019 and august 1, 2021, respectively.
(c)   ace is currently in the process of requesting its long-term debt financing authority.
exelon's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the receipt of dividends paid by its operating subsidiaries. the payments of dividends to exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings.
•   comed is subject to restrictions in the event that (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated debt securities issued to comed financing iii; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the preferred trust securities of comed financing iii; or (3) an event of default occurs under the indenture under which the subordinated debt securities are issued.
•   peco is subject to restrictions in the event that (1) it exercises its right to extend the interest payment periods on the subordinated debentures which were issued to pec l.p. or peco trust iv; (2) it defaults on its guarantee of the payment of distributions on the series d preferred securities of pec l.p. or the preferred trust securities of peco trust iv; or (3) an event of default occurs under the indenture under which the subordinated debentures are issued.
•   bge is subject to restrictions established by the mdpsc that prohibit bge from paying a dividend on its common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, bge's equity ratio would be below 48% as calculated pursuant to the mdpsc's ratemaking precedents or (b) bge's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by two of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade.
•   pepco, dpl and ace are subject to certain dividend restrictions established by settlements approved in the district of columbia, maryland, delaware, and new jersey. pepco, dpl and ace are prohibited from paying a dividend on their common shares if (a) after the dividend payment, pepco's, dpl's or ace's equity ratio would be below 48% as equity levels are calculated under the ratemaking precedents of the dcpsc, mdpsc, dpsc, and njbpu or (b) pepco's, dpl's or ace's senior unsecured credit rating is rated by one of the three major credit rating agencies below investment grade. ace is also subject to a dividend restriction which requires ace to obtain the prior approval of the njbpu before dividends can be paid if its equity as a percent of its total capitalization, excluding securitization debt, falls below 30%.
at december 31, 2018, exelon had retained earnings of $14,766 million, including generation's undistributed earnings of $3,724 million, comed's retained earnings of $1,337 million consisting of retained earnings appropriated for future dividends of $2,976 million partially offset by $1,639 million of unappropriated retained deficit, peco's retained earnings of $1,242 million, bge's retained earnings $1,640 million, and phi's undistributed earnings of $62 million. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding fund transfer restrictions.
155
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the following tables summarize the registrants' future estimated cash payments as of december 31, 2018 under existing contractual obligations, including payments due by period. see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the registrants' commercial and other commitments, representing commitments potentially triggered by future events.
exelon payment due within total                2019               2020 -               2022 -              due 2024
2021                 2023            and beyond long-term debt(a)                                      $35,265              $1,328              $5,033               $3,933              $24,971
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                  22,840               1,446               2,689                2,372               16,333
capital leases                                              36                  21                   6                    1                    8
operating leases(c)(d)                                   1,378                 140                 292                  223                  723
purchase power obligations(e)                            1,121                 365                 484                   98                  174
fuel purchase agreements(f)                              5,984               1,235               2,078                1,269                1,402
electric supply procurement(f)                           2,836               1,828               1,008                    -                    -
aec purchase commitments(f)                                  2                   1                   1                    -                    -
curtailment services commitments(f)                        129                  29                  74                   26                    -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(g)        1,838                 137                 265                  274                1,162
other purchase obligations(h)                            6,626               4,676               1,323                  247                  380
dc plug obligation(i)                                      160                  30                  60                   60                   10
construction commitments(j)                                 21                  21                   -                    -                    -
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(k)         396                 141                 237                   18                    -
snf obligation(l)                                        1,171                   -                   -                    -                1,171
zec commitments(m)                                       1,404                 168                 337                  332                  567
pension contributions(n)                                 2,276                 301                 616                  752                  607
total contractual obligations                          $83,483             $11,867             $14,503               $9,605              $47,508
__________
(a)   includes $390 million due after 2024 to comed and peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2018. includes estimated interest payments due to comed and peco financing trusts.
(c)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)   excludes generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations.
(e)   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts presented represent generation's expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2018. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. contained within purchase power obligations are net capacity purchases of $126 million, $56 million, $35 million, $26 million, $20 million and $155 million for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and thereafter, respectively.
(f)   represents commitments to purchase nuclear fuel, natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs and curtailment services.
(g)   primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the earliest and maximum settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms.
(h)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
156
(i)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 4 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(j)   represents commitments for generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas generation construction. as of december 31, 2018, the commitments relate to the construction of a new dual fuel, natural peaking facility in massachusetts. achievement of commercial operation related to this project is expected in 2019.
(k)   under their operating agreements with pjm, comed, peco, bge, dpl and ace are committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed, peco, bge, dpl and ace's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
(l)   see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding snf obligations.
(m)   annual zec commitment amounts will be published by the ipa each may prior to the start of the subsequent planning year. amounts presented in the table represent management's estimate of comed's obligation based on forward energy prices and load forecasts. comed is permitted to recover its zec costs from retail customers with no mark-up.
(n)   these amounts represent exelon's expected contributions to its qualified pension plans. the projected contributions reflect a funding strategy of contributing the greater of $300 million until all the qualified plans are fully funded on an abo basis, and the minimum amounts under erisa to avoid benefit restrictions and at-risk status. this level funding strategy helps minimize volatility of future period required pension contributions. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. qualified pension contributions for years after 2024 are not included. see note 16 - retirement benefits of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding estimated future pension benefit payments.
generation payment due within total                2019               2020 -               2022 -              due 2024
2021                 2023            and beyond long-term debt                              $8,745                $899              $2,103               $1,023               $4,720
interest payments on long-term debt(a)       4,333                 354                 592                  483                2,904
capital leases                                  14                   7                   6                    1                    -
operating leases(b)(c)                         763                  33                  92                   93                  545
purchase power obligations(d)                1,121                 365                 484                   98                  174
fuel purchase agreements(e)                  4,931               1,013               1,759                1,078                1,081
other purchase obligations(f)                1,742               1,114                 224                   98                  306
construction commitments(g)                     21                  21                   -                    -                    -
snf obligation(h)                            1,171                   -                   -                    -                1,171
total contractual obligations              $22,841              $3,806              $5,260               $2,874              $10,901
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2018.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)   excludes generation's contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. these amounts are included within purchase power obligations.
(d)   purchase power obligations include contingent operating lease payments associated with contracted generation agreements. amounts represent generation's expected payments under these arrangements at december 31, 2018. expected payments include certain fixed capacity charges which may be reduced based on plant availability. expected payments exclude renewable ppa contracts that are contingent in nature. contained within purchase power obligations are net capacity purchases of $126 million, $56 million, $35 million, $26 million, $20 million and $155 million for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023 and thereafter, respectively.
(e)   primarily represents commitments to purchase fuel supplies for nuclear and fossil generation, including those related to ceng.
(f)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)   represents commitments for generation's ongoing investments in new natural gas generation construction. as of december 31, 2018, the commitments relate to the construction of a new dual fuel, natural peaking facility in massachusetts. achievement of commercial operation related to this project is expected in 2019.
157
(h)   see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding snf obligations.
comed payment due within total                2019               2020 -               2022 -              due 2024
2021                 2023            and beyond long-term debt(a)                                       $8,385                $300                $850                   $-               $7,235
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                   6,512                 339                 646                  614                4,913
capital leases                                               8                   -                   -                    -                    8
operating leases(c)                                         23                   7                   9                    7                    -
electric supply procurement                                650                 419                 231                    -                    -
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(d)        1,497                 106                 203                  212                  976
other purchase obligations(e)                            1,109               1,050                  55                    2                    2
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(f)         176                  40                 136                    -                    -
zec commitments(g)                                       1,404                 168                 337                  332                  567
total contractual obligations                          $19,764              $2,429              $2,467               $1,167              $13,701
__________
(a)   includes $206 million due after 2024 to a comed financing trust.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances. variable rate interest obligations are estimated based on rates as of december 31, 2018. includes estimated interest payments due to the comed financing trust.
(c)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)   primarily related to comed 20-year contracts for renewable energy and recs beginning in june 2012. comed is permitted to recover its renewable energy and rec costs from retail customers with no mark-up. the commitments represent the maximum and earliest settlements with suppliers for renewable energy and recs under the existing contract terms.
(e)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, comed is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent comed's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
(g)   annual zec commitment amounts will be published by the ipa each may prior to the start of the subsequent planning year. amounts presented in the table represent management's estimate of comed's obligation based on forward energy prices and load forecasts. comed is permitted to recover its zec costs from retail customers with no mark-up.
158
peco payment due within total                2019             2020 -             2022 -      due 2024
2021               2023      and beyond long-term debt(a)                                       $3,309                  $-              $300               $400           $2,609
interest payments on long-term debt(b)                   2,562                 131               261                242           1,928
operating leases(c)(d)                                      25                   5                10                 10           -
fuel purchase agreements(e)                                335                 116               151                 33                  35
electric supply procurement(e)                             530                 453                77                  -           -
aec purchase commitments(e)                                  4                   2                 2                  -           -
other purchase obligations(f)                              668                 501               156                 10                   1
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(g)          54                  27                18                  9           -
total contractual obligations                           $7,487              $1,235              $975               $704           $4,573
__________
(a)   includes $184 million due after 2024 to peco financing trusts.
(b)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(c)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)   amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, peco has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. peco's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $5 million. also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(e)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and purchase aecs.
(f)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(g)   under its operating agreement with pjm, peco is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent peco's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
bge payment due within total                2019               2020 -             2022 -              due 2024
2021               2023            and beyond long-term debt                                          $2,900                  $-                $300               $550               $2,050
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                   1,971                 113                 225                191                1,442
operating leases(b)(c)(d)(e)                               143                  35                  68                 21                   19
fuel purchase agreements(f)                                434                  76                 107                 94                  157
electric supply procurement(f)                           1,070                 670                 400                  -                    -
curtailment services commitments(f)                         61                  10                  38                 13                    -
other purchase obligations(g)                              584                 528                  50                  2                    4
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(h)          89                  35                  54                  -                    -
total contractual obligations                           $7,252              $1,467              $1,242               $871               $3,672
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
159
(c)   amounts related to certain real estate leases and railroad licenses effectively have indefinite payment periods. as a result, bge has excluded these payments from the remaining years as such amounts would not be meaningful. bge's average annual obligation for these arrangements, included in each of the years 2019 - 2023, was $1 million. also includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(d)   includes all future lease payments on a 99-year real estate lease that expires in 2106.
(e)   the bge table above includes minimum future lease payments associated with a 6-year lease for the baltimore city conduit system that became effective during the fourth quarter of 2016. bge's total commitments under the lease agreement are $26 million, $28 million, $28 million, and $14 million related to years 2019 - 2022, respectively.
(f)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(g)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the bge and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(h)   under its operating agreement with pjm, bge is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent bge's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
phi payment due within total                2019               2020 -               2022 -              due 2024
2021                 2023            and beyond long-term debt                                          $5,622                $111                $281                 $810               $4,420
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                   4,192                 260                 512                  476                2,944
capital leases                                              14                  14                   -                    -                    -
operating leases(b)                                        377                  48                  89                   81                  159
fuel purchase agreements(c)                                284                  30                  61                   64                  129
long-term renewable energy and rec commitments(c)          341                  31                  62                   62                  186
electric supply procurement(c)                           1,635                 993                 642                    -                    -
curtailment services commitments(c)                         68                  19                  36                   13                    -
other purchase obligations(d)                            1,396                 893                 437                   34                   32
dc plug obligation(e)                                      160                  30                  60                   60                   10
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(f)          77                  39                  29                    9                    -
total contractual obligations                          $14,166              $2,468              $2,209               $1,609               $7,880
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 4 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(f)   under its operating agreement with pjm, phi is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent phi's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
160
pepco payment due within total                2019             2020 -             2022 -             due 2024
2021               2023           and beyond long-term debt                              $2,737                  $1                $1               $310              $2,425
interest payments on long-term debt(a)       2,488                 138               276                256               1,818
capital leases                                  14                  14                 -                  -                   -
operating leases(b)                             86                  11                19                 16                  40
electric supply procurement(c)                 663                 407               256                  -                   -
curtailment services commitments(c)             33                   4                20                  9                   -
other purchase obligations(d)                  908                 509               337                 31                  31
dc plug obligation(e)                          160                  30                60                 60                  10
total contractual obligations               $7,089              $1,114              $969               $682              $4,324
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)   related to dc plug project costs for assets funded by the district of columbia for which the district of columbia has assessed a charge on pepco. pepco will recover this charge from customers through a volumetric distribution rider. see note 4 - regulatory matters of combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
dpl payment due within total              2019             2020 -             2022 -              due 2024
2021               2023            and beyond long-term debt                                                    $1,504               $91                $-               $500                 $913
interest payments on long-term debt(a)                             1,050                57               113                111                  769
operating leases(b)                                                   96                14                25                 22                   35
fuel purchase agreements(c)                                          284                30                61                 64                  129
long-term renewable energy and associated rec commitments(c)         341                31                62                 62                  186
electric supply procurement(c)                                       458               282               176                  -                    -
curtailment services commitments(c)                                   31                12                15                  4                    -
other purchase obligations(d)                                        266               187                77                  1                    1
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments(e)                     9                 3                 3                  3                    -
total contractual obligations                                     $4,039              $707              $532               $767               $2,033
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)   represents commitments to purchase natural gas and related transportation, storage capacity and services, procure electric renewable energy and recs, procure electric supply, and curtailment services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
161
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, dpl is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent dpl's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
ace payment due within total              2019             2020 -             2022 -       due 2024
2021               2023       and beyond long-term debt                                           $1,196               $18              $280                 $-            $898
interest payments on long-term debt (a)                     465                52                95                 81                  237
operating leases(b)                                          32                 7                11                  9                    5
electric supply procurement (c)                             514               304               210                  -            -
curtailment services commitments (c)                          4                 3                 1                  -            -
other purchase obligations (d)                              177               160                16                  1            -
pjm regional transmission expansion commitments (e)          68                36                26                  6            -
total contractual obligations                            $2,456              $580              $639                $97            $1,140
__________
(a)   interest payments are estimated based on final maturity dates of debt securities outstanding at december 31, 2018 and do not reflect anticipated future refinancing, early redemptions or debt issuances.
(b)   includes amounts related to shared use land arrangements.
(c)   represents commitments to procure electric supply and curtailment services.
(d)   represents the future estimated value at december 31, 2018 of the cash flows associated with all contracts, both cancellable and non-cancellable, entered into between the registrants and third-parties for the provision of services and materials, entered into in the normal course of business not specifically reflected elsewhere in this table. these estimates are subject to significant variability from period to period.
(e)   under its operating agreement with pjm, ace is committed to the construction of transmission facilities to maintain system reliability. these amounts represent ace's expected portion of the costs to pay for the completion of the required construction projects.
see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information of the registrants' other commitments potentially triggered by future events.
for additional information regarding:
•   commercial paper, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   long-term debt, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, see note 14 - income taxes of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   capital lease obligations, see note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   operating leases and rate relief commitments, see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   the nuclear decommissioning and snf obligations, see note 15 - asset retirement obligations and note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   regulatory commitments, see note 4 - regulatory matters of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
162
•   variable interest entities, see note 2 - variable interest entities of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   nuclear insurance, see note 22 - commitments and contingencies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   new accounting pronouncements, see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations generation general generation's integrated business consists of the generation, physical delivery and marketing of power across multiple geographical regions through its customer-facing business, constellation, which sells electricity and natural gas to both wholesale and retail customers. generation also sells renewable energy and other energy-related products and services. generation has six reportable segments consisting of the mid-atlantic, midwest, new england, new york, ercot and other power regions. these segments are discussed in further detail in item 1. business - exelon generation company, llc of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to generation's executive overview is set forth under item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of generation's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-generation in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources generation's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. generation's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper, participation in the intercompany money pool or capital contributions from exelon. generation's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where generation no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, generation has credit facilities in the aggregate of $5.3 billion that currently support its commercial paper program and issuances of letters of credit.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund generation's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. generation spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
171
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to generation's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to generation is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of generation's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of generation's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations comed general comed operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in northern illinois, including the city of chicago. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-comed of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to comed's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of comed's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-comed in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources comed's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. comed's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. comed's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2018, comed had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1 billion.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund comed's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. comed spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, comed operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to comed's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
173
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to comed is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of comed's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of comed's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations peco general peco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern pennsylvania including the city of philadelphia, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the city of philadelphia. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-peco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to peco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation-executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of peco's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-peco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources peco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. peco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or participation in the intercompany money pool. peco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where peco no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, peco has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2018, peco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund peco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. peco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, peco operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
175
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to peco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to peco is set forth under credit matters in "exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of peco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of peco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations bge general bge operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in central maryland, including the city of baltimore, and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in central maryland, including the city of baltimore. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business-bge of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to bge's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of bge's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-bge in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources bge's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. bge's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. bge's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where bge no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, bge has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2018, bge had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $600 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund bge's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. bge spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, bge operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to bge's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
177
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to bge is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of bge's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of bge's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations phi general phi has three reportable segments pepco, dpl, and ace. its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services, and to a lesser extent, the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - phi of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to phi's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations successor period year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017, successor period of march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 and predecessor period of january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016
a discussion of phi's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017, march 24, 2016 to december 31, 2016 and january 1, 2016 to march 23, 2016 is set forth under results of operations-phi in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources phi's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. phi's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper, borrowings from the exelon money pool or capital contributions from exelon. phi's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund phi's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. phi spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under "cash flows from investing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to phi's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under "cash flows from financing activities" in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
179
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to phi is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of phi's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of phi's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pepco general pepco operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in district of columbia and major portions of prince george's county and montgomery county in maryland. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - pepco of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of pepco's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-pepco in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources pepco's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. pepco's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. pepco's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2018, pepco had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund pepco's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. pepco spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, pepco operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to pepco's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
181
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to pepco is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of pepco's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of pepco's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dpl general dpl operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in portions of maryland and delaware, and the purchase and regulated retail sale and supply of natural gas in new castle county, delaware. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - dpl of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of dpl's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-dpl in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources dpl's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. dpl's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt or commercial paper. dpl's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. if these conditions deteriorate to where dpl no longer has access to the capital markets at reasonable terms, dpl has access to a revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2018, dpl had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund dpl's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. dpl spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, dpl operates in a rate-regulated environment in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to dpl's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
183
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to dpl is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of dpl's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of dpl's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ace general ace operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services to retail customers in portions of southern new jersey. this segment is discussed in further detail in item 1. business - ace of this form 10-k.
executive overview a discussion of items pertinent to ace's executive overview is set forth under exelon corporation - executive overview of this form 10-k.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2018 compared to year ended december 31, 2017 and year ended december 31, 2017 compared to year ended december 31, 2016
a discussion of ace's results of operations for 2018 compared to 2017 and for 2017 compared to 2016 is set forth under results of operations-ace in exelon corporation - results of operations of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources ace's business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources. ace's capital resources are primarily provided by internally generated cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, external financing, including the issuance of long-term debt, commercial paper or credit facility borrowings. ace's access to external financing at reasonable terms is dependent on its credit ratings and general business conditions, as well as that of the utility industry in general. at december 31, 2018, ace had access to a revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $300 million.
see exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources and note 13 - debt and credit agreements of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
capital resources are used primarily to fund ace's capital requirements, including construction expenditures, retire debt, pay dividends, fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and invest in new and existing ventures. ace spends a significant amount of cash on capital improvements and construction projects that have a long-term return on investment. additionally, ace operates in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited and where such recovery takes place over an extended period of time.
cash flows from operating activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from operating activities is set forth under cash flows from operating activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from investing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from investing activities is set forth under cash flows from investing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
cash flows from financing activities a discussion of items pertinent to ace's cash flows from financing activities is set forth under cash flows from financing activities in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
185
credit matters a discussion of credit matters pertinent to ace is set forth under credit matters in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements a discussion of ace's contractual obligations, commercial commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements is set forth under contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements in exelon corporation - liquidity and capital resources of this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates see all registrants - critical accounting policies and estimates above for a discussion of ace's critical accounting policies and estimates.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 - significant accounting policies of the combined notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
