item 1a.  risk factors you should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment.
risks relating to our existing business we operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively.
the markets for our services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. our principal competitors include other vendors of financial services technology, data processing affiliates of large companies, and processing centers owned and operated as user cooperatives. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. as a result, we often compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies, including large technology, media and other companies not historically in the financial services industry, start-ups and international providers of similar products and services to ours. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited.
the markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. we may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these demands or achieve market acceptance. in addition, the success of certain of our products and services rely, in part, on financial institutions, billers and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. if we are unsuccessful in offering products or services that gain market acceptance, or if third parties insufficiently promote our products and services, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients, to attract new ones and to grow profitably.
if we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. our contracts with clients generally run for a period of three to five years. at the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors to provide products and services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients.
mergers, consolidations and failures of financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenue. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. it is also possible that the larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations could have greater leverage in negotiating terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
security incidents or other technological risks involving our systems and data, or those of our clients or vendors, could expose us to liability or damage our reputation.
our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. these events could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, increased regulatory scrutiny,
8
financial sanctions and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients and cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. in addition, as threats continue to evolve, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the events that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, we may not be able to prevent a material event in the future, and the impact of a material event could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation.
our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. an operational failure and the resulting service interruption could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. an operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties or events over which we may have limited or no control. events that could cause operational failures include, but are not limited to, hardware and software defects or malfunctions, computer denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits or other liabilities. a prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue, and significantly impact our clients' businesses and the customers they serve. in addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability.
our services are based on sophisticated software and computer systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. further, the software underlying our services may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technology on systems or with other programs used by our clients. defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability.
a heightened regulatory environment in the financial services industry may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business.
since the enactment of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act"), a number of substantial regulations affecting the supervision and operation of the financial services industry within the united states have been adopted, including those that establish the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb"). the cfpb has issued guidance that applies to, and conducts direct examinations of, "supervised banks and nonbanks" as well as "supervised service providers" like us. in addition, federal and state governments and governmental authorities outside the u.s. have adopted or are pursuing numerous additional regulations impacting the financial services industry, including regulations related to cybersecurity and data privacy. to the extent this oversight or regulation negatively impacts the business, operations or financial condition of our clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. additional regulation, examination and oversight of us could require us to modify the manner in which we contract with or provide products and services to our clients; directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services; require us to invest additional time and resources to comply with such oversight and regulations; or limit our ability to update our existing products and services, or require us to develop new ones. any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
9
if we fail to comply with applicable regulations, our businesses could be harmed.
if we fail to comply with regulations applicable to our business, including cybersecurity and data privacy regulations, we could be exposed to litigation or regulatory proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed, and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our failure to comply with a series of complex regulations in our payments businesses could subject us to liability.
certain of our subsidiaries are licensed as money transmitters in those jurisdictions where such licensure is required. in connection with such licensure, we are required to demonstrate and maintain certain levels of net worth and liquidity and to file periodic reports. in addition, our direct-to-consumer payments businesses, including our walk-in bill payment, online bill payment, digital disbursements, and popmoney person-to-person payment services, are subject to federal regulation in the united states, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. the complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. in addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our officers, or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions.
if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of nacha and the payment card networks, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations which could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to rules of the national automated clearing house association ("nacha") as well as card association and network rules governing visa, mastercard, american express, discover or other similar organizations, including the payment card industry data security standard enforced by the major card brands. the rules of nacha and the card networks are set by their respective boards, and the card network rules may be influenced by card issuers, some of which offer competing transaction processing services. if we fail to comply with these rules, we could be fined, our certifications could be suspended, or our certifications could be terminated. the suspension or termination of our certifications, or any changes to the association and network rules, that we do not successfully address, or any other action by the card networks to restrict our ability to process transactions over such networks, could limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to clients and result in a reduction of revenue or increased costs of operation, which, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. we may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify our clients against third party infringement claims. if the owner of intellectual property establishes that we are, or a client which we are obligated to indemnify is, infringing its intellectual property rights, we may be forced to change our products or services, and such changes may be expensive or impractical, or we may need to seek royalty or license agreements from the owner of such rights. if we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. we may also be liable for financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur expenses in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. any adverse result related to violation of third party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and time-consuming litigation and may require significant attention from our management and key personnel.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. we actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. the steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
10
acquisitions subject us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations.
a major contributor to our growth in revenue and earnings since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. we anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we may not be able to integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. in addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources.
these risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
we may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers of businesses pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements.
we have in the past and may in the future sell businesses. in connection with sales of businesses, we may make representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agree to retain certain liabilities associated with our operation of the businesses prior to their sale. our obligation to indemnify the purchasers and agreement to retain liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. if we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. our senior management provides strategic direction for our company, and if we lose members of our leadership team, our management resources may have to be diverted from other priorities to address this loss. our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications, and if we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands.
our business may be adversely impacted by u.s. and global market and economic conditions.
for the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. given this concentration, we are exposed to the global economic conditions in the financial services industry. a prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability.
if the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow, or if consumers or businesses do not continue to adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. we believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by a combination of factors including speed, cost, ease-of-use, security and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses.
uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act could cause us to modify current estimates about the impact that it will have on us, which could negatively impact our anticipated earnings and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the tax act significantly revises the u.s. corporate income tax code by, among other things, lowering corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial-style tax system and imposing a repatriation tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. our financial results for 2018 included additional income tax expense of
11
approximately $19 million resulting from new interpretive guidance issued by the internal revenue service. further analysis of this complex legislation or future regulations or guidance from the internal revenue service, the securities and exchange commission or the financial accounting standards board could cause us to adjust current estimates in future periods, which could impact our earnings and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations.
our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 70% of our total assets at december 31, 2018. these assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions. on at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill. in addition, we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our results of operations.
increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately $6.0 billion of debt. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. our indebtedness could: decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility to make acquisitions; increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions. our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, if our outstanding senior notes are downgraded to below investment grade, we may incur additional interest expense. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. in addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms.
risks relating to the proposed merger with first data the merger is subject to a number of conditions to our and first data's obligations to complete the merger, which, if not fulfilled, or not fulfilled in a timely manner, may result in termination of the merger agreement.
our and first data's respective obligations to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the merger of the following conditions:
•   first data's stockholders must approve the consummation of the merger;
•   our shareholders must approve the issuance of shares to first data shareholders in connection with the merger;
•   the shares of our common stock that will be issued in the merger must have been approved for listing on nasdaq;
•   our form s-4 registration statement filed in connection with the merger must become effective under the securities act of 1933 and no stop order suspending its effectiveness may be in effect;
•   no injunctions or decrees by any relevant governmental entity that prevent the merger may be outstanding;
•   all requisite regulatory approvals, both antitrust or otherwise and both u.s. and non-u.s., must have been obtained;
•   subject to certain exceptions and materiality standards provided in the merger agreement, the representations and warranties of the other party must be true and correct;
•   the other party must have performed or complied with in all material respects all of its obligations under the merger agreement;
•   each party must have received a tax opinion from its respective counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a "reorganization" under the internal revenue code; and
12
•   our board of directors must have adopted amended by-laws and we must have taken all other steps necessary to effect the governance structure of the combined company as contemplated in the merger agreement.
many of the conditions to completion of the merger are not within our or first data's control, and we cannot predict when, or if, these conditions will be satisfied. if any of these conditions are not satisfied or waived prior to october 16, 2019, which date may be extended once to january 16, 2020, and extended a second time to april 16, 2020, it is possible that the merger agreement may be terminated. although we and first data have agreed in the merger agreement to use reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to complete the merger as promptly as practicable, these and other conditions to the completion of the merger may fail to be satisfied. in addition, satisfying the conditions to and completion of the merger may take longer, and could cost more, than we expect. we cannot predict whether and when these other conditions will be satisfied. furthermore, the requirements for obtaining the required clearances and approvals could delay the completion of the merger for a significant period of time or prevent them from occurring. any delay in completing the merger may adversely affect the cost savings and other benefits that we expect to achieve if the merger and the integration of the companies' respective businesses are completed within the expected timeframe. there can be no assurance that all required regulatory approvals will be obtained, or obtained prior to the termination date.
the merger is subject to the receipt of consents and clearances from domestic and foreign regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have a material adverse effect on us following the merger, or, if not obtained, could prevent the completion of the merger.
before the merger can be completed, waiting periods must expire or terminate under applicable antitrust laws, including the hsr act, and various approvals, consents or clearances must be obtained from certain other u.s. and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. in deciding whether to grant antitrust or regulatory clearances, the relevant authorities will consider the effect of the merger on competition in the case of competition authorities and a variety of other factors, in the case of other authorities. although we and first data have agreed in the merger agreement to use reasonable best efforts to make certain governmental filings and, subject to certain limitations, obtain the required governmental authorizations, as the case may be, there can be no assurance that the relevant authorizations will be obtained.
the governmental authorities from which these authorizations are required have broad discretion in administering the governing regulations. the terms and conditions of approvals that are granted may require that the parties divest certain businesses, assets, or products prior to or after the closing of the merger or impose requirements, limitations, costs or restrictions on the conduct of us following the closing of the merger. at any time before or after completion of the merger, notwithstanding the termination of the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino act, the u.s. department of justice or the federal trade commission, or any state or foreign governmental entity, could take such action under the antitrust laws as each deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or seeking divestiture of substantial assets of ours or first data. private parties also may seek to take legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.
under the terms of the merger agreement, subject to certain conditions, both parties are required to use reasonable best efforts to obtain all of the foregoing authorizations or approvals. notwithstanding the foregoing, "reasonable best efforts" does not require us in connection with obtaining hart-scott-rodino clearance or any other approval required pursuant to any other antitrust or competition law in the unites states to (i) defend any lawsuit or challenge any other action by any governmental entity adversely affecting the parties' ability to complete the merger, (ii) sell, divest or otherwise encumber any asset or business or (iii) agree to any limits or restrictions on certain actions.
there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose terms, conditions, requirements, limitations, costs or restrictions that would delay the completion of the merger, impose additional material costs on or limit the revenues of us after the merger, or limit some of the cost savings and other benefits that we expect following completion of the merger. in addition, we cannot provide any assurance that any such terms, conditions, requirements, limitations, costs, or restrictions will not result in the abandonment of the merger. in addition, disruptions in government operations, such as the recent shutdown of the u.s. government, could cause delay in obtaining approvals or increase processing times. any delay in completing the merger or any modification to the merger currently contemplated may adversely affect the timing and amount of cost savings and other benefits that are expected to be achieved from the merger. there can be no assurance that all required regulatory approvals will be obtained, or obtained prior to the termination date.
13
failure to complete the merger could negatively impact our stock price and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
if the merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of failure to obtain all requisite regulatory approvals, if our shareholders fail to approve the issuance of shares to first data shareholders in connection with the merger or if first data's shareholders fail to approve the consummation of the merger, our ongoing businesses may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on their respective stock prices;
•   we and our respective subsidiaries may experience negative reactions from their respective customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners;
•   we will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the merger, such as costs associated with terminating the financing as well as legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees;
•   we may be required to pay a cash termination fee equal to $665 million as required by the merger agreement;
•   the merger agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of the respective businesses pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, which may have delayed or prevented the respective companies from undertaking business opportunities that, absent the merger agreement, may have been pursued;
•   matters relating to the merger (including integration planning) require substantial commitments of time and resources by each company's management, which could have resulted in the distraction of each company's management from ongoing business operations and pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the companies; and
•   litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the merger agreement.
if the merger is not completed, the risks described above may materialize and they may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position and stock prices.
our and first data's business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the merger, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position following the merger.
parties with which we or first data do business may experience uncertainty associated with the merger, including with respect to our or first data's current or future business relationships following the merger. our and first data's business relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners may attempt to delay or defer entering into new business relationships, negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us or first data following the merger. these disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on our or first data's results of operations, cash flows and financial position, regardless of whether the merger is completed, as well as a material and adverse effect on our ability to realize the expected cost savings and other benefits of the merger. the risk, and adverse effect, of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement.
uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect our future business and operations following the merger.
we depend on the experience and industry knowledge of officers and other key employees to execute our business plans. our success after the merger will depend in part upon our ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees. our and first data's current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their roles following the merger or other concerns regarding the timing and completion of the merger or our operations following the merger, any of which may have an adverse effect on our or first data's ability to attract or retain key management and other key personnel. if we or first data are unable to retain personnel, including our and first data's key management, who are critical to the future operations of the companies, we could face disruptions in our operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. in addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger. no assurance can be given that we, following the merger, will be able to retain or attract key management personnel and other key employees to the same extent that we and first data have previously been able to retain or attract their own employees.
14
the merger agreement subjects us and first data to restrictions on our respective business activities prior to the effective time of the merger.
the merger agreement subjects us and first data to restrictions on our respective business activities prior to the effective time of the merger. the merger agreement obligates us and first data to generally operate its businesses in the ordinary course until the effective time of the merger and to use its reasonable best efforts to maintain and preserve intact its business organization and advantageous business relationships on its actions. these restrictions could prevent us and first data from pursuing certain business opportunities that arise prior to the effective time of the merger and are outside the ordinary course of business.
we may not be able to obtain our preferred form of debt financing in connection with the merger and on anticipated terms.
we expect to fund the refinancing of certain outstanding indebtedness of first data and its subsidiaries on the closing date, making of cash payments in lieu of fractional shares as part of the merger consideration, and paying of fees and expenses related to the merger, the refinancing and the related transactions using a combination of cash on hand, the issuance of $12 billion in debt securities, the incurrence of $5 billion in borrowings under a new senior unsecured term loan facility, and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we have executed a $5 billion senior unsecured term loan facility and amendments to our existing revolving credit facility to increase the size of that facility and make other changes, although drawing under each facility is subject to certain conditions. with respect to the plan to issue $12 billion in debt securities, there is a risk that the markets will not allow us to execute this financing plan, or that such financing will not be available on favorable terms. as a result, we may need to pursue other options to refinance the outstanding debt of first data and its subsidiaries and fund these other amounts, including borrowing amounts under the bridge facility, which may result in less favorable financing terms that could increase costs and/or adversely impact the operations of the combined company.
risks relating to fiserv following the proposed merger with first data we may be unable to integrate the business of first data successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the merger involves the combination of two companies that currently operate as independent public companies. the combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and we and first data will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating our and first data's business practices and operations. potential difficulties that we may encounter as part of the integration process include the following:
•   the inability to successfully combine the business of first data in a manner that permits us to achieve, on a timely basis, or at all, the enhanced revenue opportunities and cost savings and other benefits anticipated to result from the merger;
•   complexities associated with managing the combined businesses, including difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets of each of the companies in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; and
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the merger.
in addition, we and first data have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. it is possible that the integration process could result in:
•   diversion of the attention of each company's management; and
•   the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies.
any of these issues could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger, or could reduce our earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results following the merger.
15
our indebtedness following completion of the merger will be substantially greater than our indebtedness prior to completion of the merger. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense.
as of december 31, 2018, we had total indebtedness of approximately $6 billion and first data had total indebtedness of approximately $18 billion. upon completion of the merger, we expect to incur acquisition-related debt financing of approximately $17 billion, all of which is expected to be used to refinance certain outstanding indebtedness of first data and its subsidiaries on the closing date, pay cash in lieu of fractional shares as part of the merger consideration, and pay fees and expenses related to the merger, the refinancing and the related transactions. in addition, we have obtained an increase of $1.5 billion in the commitments available to us under our existing revolving credit facility, which increase is subject to the closing of the merger and certain other conditions. accordingly, our indebtedness following completion of the merger will be substantially greater than our indebtedness prior to completion of the merger. our substantially increased indebtedness following completion of the merger could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. in addition, the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels will increase following completion of the transaction, and thus the demands on our cash resources will be greater than the amount of cash flows required to service our indebtedness prior to the merger. we will also incur various costs and expenses associated with the financing of the merger. the increased levels of indebtedness following completion of the merger could also reduce funds available to fund our efforts to integrate the business of first data and realize the expected benefits of the merger and to engage in investments in product development, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes, and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the merger, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness, or to reduce leverage levels based on debt repayment or cash flow generation, may be adversely impacted.
the indebtedness we incur under our new $5 billion term loan facility in connection with the merger and any indebtedness we incur under our revolving credit facility will bear interest at variable interest rates. if interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flows. in addition, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet its debt obligations. in connection with the debt financing, it is anticipated that we will seek ratings of its indebtedness from moody's investors service, inc. and s&p global ratings. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future or that our ratings will not be adversely affected by the factors described above.
moreover, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that it will be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
the estimated potential synergies attributable to the merger may vary from expectations.
we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the merger, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. the success of the merger will depend, in significant part, on our ability to successfully integrate the acquired business, grow the revenue of the combined company and realize the anticipated strategic benefits and synergies from the combination. we believe that the addition of first data will complement our strategy by providing scale and revenue diversity, accelerate our growth strategy and enable us to have a strong global footprint. however, achieving these goals requires growth of the revenue of the combined company and realization of the targeted cost synergies expected from the merger. this growth and the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. actual operating, technological, strategic and revenue opportunities, if achieved at all, may be less significant than expected or may take longer to achieve than anticipated. if we are not able to achieve these objectives and realize the anticipated benefits and synergies expected from the merger within the anticipated timing or at all, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
16
we expect to incur substantial expenses related to the merger and integration.
we expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with the merger and the related integration. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that may need to be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing and benefits. while we have assumed that a certain level of expenses will be incurred, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. these integration expenses may result in us taking significant charges against earnings following the completion of the merger, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present.
our future results following the merger will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations.
following the merger, the size of our business will increase significantly beyond the current size of either our or first data's business. our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. we may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of its business. there can be no assurances that we will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from the merger.
following the merger, our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical, regulatory and other risks associated with operations outside of the united states and we may incur higher than anticipated costs and may become more susceptible to these risks.
after completion of the merger, we will have significantly expanded our international presence by offering merchant acquiring, processing and issuing services outside of the united states, including in argentina, brazil, germany, india, ireland, the netherlands, poland and the united kingdom, where first data's principal non-u.s. operations are currently located. our revenues derived from these and other non-u.s. operations will be subject to additional risks, including those resulting from social and geopolitical instability and unfavorable political or diplomatic developments, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. for example, the united kingdom's decision to leave the european union may add cost and complexity in various aspects of our business as united kingdom and european union laws and regulations diverge. we will also be subject to potential non-u.s. governmental intervention and new laws and new regulations that we were not previously subject to, which could increase costs and may have potential negative effects on our business.
the merger may result in a loss of customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners or other business partners and may result in the termination of existing contracts.
following the merger, some of our or first data's customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners may terminate or scale back their current or prospective business relationships with us. some customers may not wish to source a larger percentage of their needs from a single company or may feel that we are too closely allied with one of their competitors. in addition, we and first data have contracts with customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners that may require us or first data to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with the merger, which may not be obtained on favorable terms or at all. if relationships with customers, distributors, suppliers, vendors, landlords, joint venture partners and other business partners are adversely affected by the merger, or if we, following the merger, lose the benefits of our or first data's contracts, our business and financial performance could suffer.
following the merger, first data's global business solutions business, as integrated into fiserv, will depend, in part, on merchant relationships and alliances. if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected.
after completion of the merger, our alliance structures are expected to continue, as they did at first data, to take different forms, including consolidated subsidiaries, equity method investments, and revenue sharing arrangements. under first data's current alliance program (and as is expected to continue with the combined company), a bank or other institution forms an alliance with first data on an exclusive basis, either contractually or through a separate legal entity. merchant contracts may be contributed to the alliance by first data and/or the bank or institution. the banks and other institutions generally provide card association sponsorship, clearing, and settlement services and typically act as a merchant referral source when the institution has an existing banking or other relationship with such merchant. first data provides transaction processing and related functions. both first data and its alliance partners may also provide management, sales, marketing, and other administrative services. the alliance structure allows first data to be the processor for multiple financial institutions, any one of which may
17
be selected by the merchant as its bank partner. first data's global business solutions business, and the combined company, is expected to continue to be, dependent, in part, on merchant relationships, alliances, and other distribution channels. first data is working, and we expect the combined company to continue to work, with alliance partners to grow their businesses. there can be no guarantee that first data's, or the combined company's, efforts will be successful and that first data, or the combined company, will achieve growth in merchant relationships, alliances, and other distribution channels. in addition, first data's contractual arrangements with merchants and merchant alliance partners are, and the combined company's are expected to continue to be, for fixed terms and may also allow for early termination upon the occurrence of certain events. there can be no assurance that first data, or the combined company, will be able to renew contractual arrangements with these merchants or merchant alliance partners on similar terms or at all. following the merger, the loss of merchant relationships or alliance and financial institution partners could negatively impact our business and result in a reduction of its revenue and profit.
new omaha holdings l.p. may sell a substantial amount of our common stock shortly after the completion of the merger as certain restrictions on sales expire, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall.
pursuant to a shareholder agreement, new omaha holdings l.p. ("new omaha"), which is expected to own approximately 16% of our outstanding shares upon the closing of the merger transaction, is prohibited from selling shares of our common stock for the first three months following the completion of the merger. after the three-month anniversary of the completion of the merger, new omaha may sell such shares, subject to certain limitations contained in the shareholder agreement. additionally, under the registration rights agreement, we have granted new omaha registration rights, which permit, among others, underwritten offerings. the registration rights agreement will terminate when the aggregate ownership percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock held by new omaha and its affiliate transferees falls below 2% and such shares may be freely sold without restrictions.
new omaha may have influence over us following completion of the merger and its interests may conflict with other shareholders.
upon completion of the merger, new omaha is expected to own approximately 16% of our issued and outstanding shares and is expected to be our largest shareholder. concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, we entered into a shareholder agreement and the registration rights agreement with new omaha, which give new omaha certain rights. under the shareholder agreement, new omaha may designate a director to serve on our board of directors in accordance with the terms thereof until the aggregate ownership percentage of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock held by new omaha and its affiliate transferees first falls below 5%. the shareholder agreement will terminate when the aggregate ownership percentage of our outstanding shares held by new omaha and certain of its affiliates falls below 3%. although there are various restrictions on new omaha's ability to take certain actions with respect to us and our shareholders (including certain standstill provisions for so long as new omaha's aggregate ownership percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock remains at or above 5%), new omaha may seek to influence, and may be able to influence, us through its appointment of a director to our board of directors and its share ownership.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. our discussion is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section contains background information on our company and the services and products that we provide, acquisitions and dispositions, our enterprise priorities, and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations.
•   critical accounting policies and estimates. this section contains a discussion of the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. in addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
•   results of operations. this section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2018 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2017 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments at december 31, 2018.
22
overview company background we are a leading global provider of financial services technology. we provide account processing systems, electronic payments processing products and services, internet and mobile banking systems, and related services. we serve over 12,000 clients worldwide, including banks, credit unions, investment management firms, leasing and finance companies, billers, retailers, and merchants. the majority of our revenue is generated from recurring account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years and high renewal rates. most of the services we provide are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature.
our operations are principally located in the united states and are comprised of the payments and industry products ("payments") segment and the financial institution services ("financial") segment. the payments segment primarily provides electronic bill payment and presentment services, internet and mobile banking software and services, account-to-account transfers, person-to-person payment services, debit and credit card processing and services, payments infrastructure services, and other electronic payments software and services. our businesses in this segment also provide card and print personalization services, investment account processing services for separately managed accounts, and fraud and risk management products and services. the financial segment provides financial institutions with account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services, and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. corporate and other primarily consists of intercompany eliminations, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, unallocated corporate expenses and other activities that are not considered when management evaluates segment performance, such as gains on sales of businesses and associated transition services.
on february 21, 2018, our board of directors declared a two-for-one stock split of our common stock and a proportionate increase in the number of our authorized shares of common stock. the additional shares were distributed on march 19, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 5, 2018. our common stock began trading at the split-adjusted price on march 20, 2018. all share and per share amounts are retroactively presented on a split-adjusted basis.
acquisitions and dispositions we frequently review our portfolio to ensure we have the right set of businesses to execute on our strategy. we expect to acquire businesses when we identify: a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; a way to achieve business scale; or similar considerations. we expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product or financial strategies.
on january 16, 2019, we announced that we had entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire first data in an all-stock transaction for an equity value of approximately $22 billion as of the announcement. the transaction is expected to close during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both companies. first data is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions for merchants, financial institutions, and card issuers.
on october 31, 2018, we acquired the debit card processing, atm managed services, and money pass® surcharge-free network of elan financial services, a unit of u.s. bancorp, for approximately $660 million including estimated post-closing working capital adjustments, contingent consideration related to earn-out provisions and future payments under a transition services agreement in excess of fair value. this acquisition, included within the payments segment, deepens our presence in debit card processing, broadens our client reach and scale, and provides new solutions to enhance the value proposition for our existing debit solution clients.
during 2017, we completed four acquisitions for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of acquired cash, along with earn-out provisions. in january 2017, we completed our acquisition of online banking solutions, inc. ("obs"), a provider of cash management and digital business banking solutions that complement and enrich our existing solutions. in july 2017, we acquired the assets of pclender, llc ("pclender"), a leader in internet-based mortgage software and mortgage lending technology solutions. the obs and pclender acquisitions are included in the financial segment as their products are integrated across a number of our account processing solutions and will enable our bank and credit union clients to better serve their commercial and mortgage customers. in august 2017, we acquired dovetail group limited ("dovetail"), a leading provider of bank payments and liquidity management solutions. in september 2017, we completed our acquisition of monitise plc ("monitise"), a provider of digital solutions that enables innovative digital banking experiences for leading financial institutions worldwide. the dovetail and monitise acquisitions are included in the payments segment and are expected to further enable us to help financial institutions around the world transform their payments infrastructure and to expand our digital leadership, respectively.
23
in 2016, we acquired the convenience pay services business of hewlett packard enterprise company and completed our purchase of the community financial services business of aci worldwide, inc. for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. these acquisitions expand our biller solution offerings and enhance our suite of digital banking and payments solutions, and are included in the payments segment.
in march 2018, we sold a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, which was reported within the financial segment, retaining 45% ownership interests in two joint ventures (the "lending joint ventures"). in conjunction with this transaction, we entered into transition services agreements to provide, at fair value, various administration, business process outsourcing, technical and data center related services for defined periods to the lending joint ventures. we received gross sale proceeds of $419 million from the transactions. in addition, in january 2018, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million), and in may 2017, we sold our australian item processing business, which was reported within the financial segment, for approximately $17 million.
during 2017, stoneriver group, l.p. ("stoneriver"), a joint venture in which we own a 49% interest and account for under the equity method, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest. our pre-tax share of the net gains and related expenses on these transactions was $26 million in 2017 and $146 million in 2016, with related tax expenses of $9 million and $54 million, respectively. in addition, we received cash dividends of $2 million, $45 million and $151 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from stoneriver, which were funded from the sale transactions.
enterprise priorities we continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to move money and information in a way that moves the world. these strategic initiatives include active portfolio management of our businesses, enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships, improving operational effectiveness, being disciplined in our allocation of capital, and differentiating our products and services through innovation. our key enterprise priorities for 2019 are to: (i) continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals; (ii) enhance client relationships with an emphasis on digital and payment solutions; and (iii) deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiated value for our clients. we also expect to devote significant resources to completing the first data merger and, subject to closing, to integrating first data into our operations.
industry trends the market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. the traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. at the same time, the evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. for example, legislation such as the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act has generated, and may continue to generate, new regulations impacting the financial industry. these conditions are driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. examples of these solutions include electronic payments and delivery methods such as internet, mobile and tablet banking, sometimes referred to as "digital channels."
the focus on digital channels by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions. we expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. we anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. we believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us.
in addition to the trends described above, the financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as well. during the past 25 years, the number of financial institutions in the united states has declined at a relatively steady rate of approximately 3% per year, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations have transferred accounts among financial institutions. if a client loss occurs due to merger or acquisition, we receive a contract termination fee based on the size of the client and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. these fees can vary from period to period. our revenue is diversified, and we have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, with our 50 largest financial institution clients
24
representing less than 25% of our annual revenue. our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. we believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. furthermore, we believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, including for recently adopted accounting pronouncements, and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates.
acquisitions from time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. while we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate.
goodwill and acquired intangible assets we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, determined to be at an operating segment level or one level below. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we consider the amount of excess fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit, the period of time since a reporting unit's last quantitative test, the extent a reorganization or disposition changes the composition of one or more of our reporting units, and other factors to determine whether or not to first perform a qualitative test. when performing a qualitative test, we assess numerous factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values. examples of qualitative factors that we assess include our share price, our financial performance, market and competitive factors in our industry, and other events specific to our reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative impairment test.
the quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, and recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit based primarily on the present value of estimated future cash flows. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, and future economic and market conditions.
our most recent impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of 2018 determined that our goodwill was not impaired as the estimated fair values of the respective reporting units substantially exceeded the carrying values.
we review acquired intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. recoverability is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. measurement of any impairment loss is based on estimated fair value. given the significance of our goodwill and intangible asset balances, an adverse change in fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
25
revenue recognition we generate revenue from the delivery of processing, service and product solutions. revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, and excludes any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. we recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer which may be at a point in time or over time. as a practical expedient, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods or services is expected to be one year or less. contracts with customers are evaluated on a contract-by-contract basis as contracts may include multiple types of goods and services as described below.
processing and services processing and services revenue is generated from account- and transaction-based fees for data processing, transaction processing, electronic billing and payment services, electronic funds transfer and debit processing services; consulting and professional services; and software maintenance for ongoing client support.
we recognize processing and services revenues in the period in which the specific service is performed unless they are not deemed distinct from other goods or services in which revenue would then be recognized as control is transferred of the combined goods and services. our arrangements for processing and services typically consist of an obligation to provide specific services to our customers on a when and if needed basis (a stand-ready obligation) and revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of the performance obligations in the amount billable to the customer. these services are typically provided under a fixed or declining (tier-based) price per unit based on volume of service; however, pricing for services may also be based on minimum monthly usage fees. fees for our processing and services arrangements are typically billed and paid on a monthly basis.
product product revenue is generated from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales. for software license agreements that are distinct, we recognize software license revenue upon delivery, assuming a contract is deemed to exist. revenue for arrangements with customers that include significant customization, modification or production of software such that the software is not distinct is typically recognized over time based upon efforts expended, such as labor hours, to measure progress towards completion. for arrangements involving hosted licensed software for the customer, a software element is considered present to the extent the customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and it is feasible for the customer to either operate the software on their own hardware or contract with another vendor to host the software.
significant judgments we use the following methods, inputs, and assumptions in determining amounts of revenue to recognize. for multi-element arrangements, we account for individual goods or services as a separate performance obligation if they are distinct, the good or service is separately identifiable from other items in the arrangement, and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. if these criteria are not met, the promised goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. determining whether goods or services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment.
technology or service components from third parties are frequently embedded in or combined with our applications or service offerings. whether we recognize revenue based on the gross amount billed to a customer or the net amount retained involves judgment that depends on the relevant facts and circumstances including the level of contractual responsibilities and obligations for delivering solutions to end customers.
the transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer. we include any fixed charges within our contracts as part of the total transaction price. to the extent that variable consideration is not constrained, we include an estimate of the variable amount, as appropriate, within the total transaction price and update our assumptions over the duration of the contract. we may constrain the estimated transaction price in the event of a high degree of uncertainty as to the final consideration amount owed because of an extended length of time over which the fees may be adjusted. the transaction price (including any discounts) is allocated between separate goods and services in a multi-element arrangement based on their relative standalone selling prices. for items that are not sold separately, we estimate the standalone selling prices using available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines. significant judgment may be required to determine standalone selling prices for each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount we expect to receive in exchange for the related good or service.
26
contract modifications occur when we and our customers agree to modify existing customer contracts to change the scope or price (or both) of the contract or when a customer terminates some, or all, of the existing services provided by us. when a contract modification occurs, it requires us to exercise judgment to determine if the modification should be accounted for as:(i) a separate contract, (ii) the termination of the original contract and creation of a new contract, or (iii) a cumulative catch up adjustment to the original contract. further, contract modifications require the identification and evaluation of the performance obligations of the modified contract, including the allocation of revenue to the remaining performance obligations and the period of recognition for each identified performance obligation.
additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included within note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations components of revenue and expenses the following summary describes the components of revenue and expenses as presented in our consolidated statements of income.
processing and services processing and services revenue, which in 2018 represented 85% of our total revenue, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under contracts that generally have terms of three to five years. processing and services revenue is most reflective of our business performance as a significant amount of our total operating profit is generated by these services. cost of processing and services includes costs directly associated with providing services to clients and includes the following: personnel; equipment and data communication; infrastructure costs, including costs to maintain software applications; client support; depreciation and amortization; and other operating expenses.
product product revenue, which in 2018 represented 15% of our total revenue, is primarily derived from integrated print and card production sales, as well as software license sales. cost of product includes costs directly associated with the products sold and includes the following: costs of materials and software development; personnel; infrastructure costs; depreciation and amortization; and other costs directly associated with product revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of: salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management; advertising and promotional costs; depreciation and amortization; and other selling and administrative expenses.
27
financial results the following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. this information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                        percentage of revenue (1)                                                   increase (decrease)
year ended december 31,                                                                                                   2018                2017                2016              2018               2017               2016                      2018 vs. 2017                      2017 vs. 2016
revenue:
processing and services                                                                                             $4,975              $4,833              $4,625            85.4     %         84.8     %         84.0     %          $142               3    %          $208               4    %
product                                                                                                                848                 863                 880            14.6     %         15.2     %         16.0     %           (15    )         (2   )%           (17    )         (2   )%
total revenue                                                                                                        5,823               5,696               5,505           100.0     %        100.0     %        100.0     %           127               2    %           191               3    %
expenses:
cost of processing and services                                                                                      2,324               2,291               2,212            46.7     %         47.4     %         47.8     %            33               1    %            79               4    %
cost of product                                                                                                        745                 733                 747            87.9     %         84.9     %         84.9     %            12               2    %           (14    )         (2   )%
sub-total                                                                                                            3,069               3,024               2,959            52.7     %         53.1     %         53.8     %            45               1    %            65               2    %
selling, general and administrative                                                                                  1,228               1,150               1,101            21.1     %         20.2     %         20.0     %            78               7    %            49               4    %
gain on sale of businesses                                                                                            (227   )             (10   )               -            (3.9    )%         (0.2    )%            -                 217             n/m                 10             n/m total expenses                                                                                                       4,070               4,164               4,060            69.9     %         73.1     %         73.8     %           (94    )         (2   )%           104               3    %
operating income                                                                                                     1,753               1,532               1,445            30.1     %         26.9     %         26.2     %           221              14    %            87               6    %
interest expense                                                                                                      (193   )            (176   )            (163   )        (3.3    )%         (3.1    )%         (3.0    )%            17              10    %            13               8    %
loss on early debt extinguishment                                                                                      (14   )               -                   -            (0.2    )%            -                  -                  14             n/m                  -               -
non-operating income (loss)                                                                                              9                   2                  (7   )         0.2     %            -               (0.1    )%             7             n/m                  9             n/m income from continuing operations before income taxes and income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates      $1,555              $1,358              $1,275            26.7     %         23.8     %         23.2     %          $197              15    %           $83               7    %
(1)   percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense, income or loss amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts which are divided by the related component of revenue.
28
(in millions)               payments                  financial         corporateand other                     total year ended december 31, total revenue:
2018      $3,467                     $2,395                         $(39        )          $5,823
2017       3,234                      2,530                          (68        )           5,696
2016       3,090                      2,477                          (62        )           5,505
revenue growth:
2018        $233                      $(135    )                     $29                     $127
2018 percentage           7    %                    (5   )%                                                2   %
2017        $144                        $53                          $(6        )            $191
2017 percentage           5    %                     2    %                                                3   %
operating income:
2018      $1,122                       $798                        $(167        )          $1,753
2017       1,034                        849                         (351        )           1,532
2016         943                        823                         (321        )           1,445
operating income growth:
2018         $88                       $(51    )                    $184                     $221
2018 percentage           9    %                    (6   )%                                               14   %
2017         $91                        $26                         $(30        )             $87
2017 percentage          10    %                     3    %                                                6   %
operating margin:
2018        32.3    %                  33.3    %                                             30.1   %
2017        32.0    %                  33.5    %                                             26.9   %
2016        30.5    %                  33.2    %                                             26.2   %
operating margin growth: (1)
2018          30        bps             (20    )   bps                                        320       bps
2017         150        bps              30        bps                                         70       bps
(1)   represents the basis point growth or decline in operating margin.
total revenue total revenue increased $127 million, or 2%, in 2018 and increased $191 million, or 3%, in 2017 compared to the prior years.
revenue in our payments segment increased $233 million, or 7%, in 2018 and increased $144 million, or 5%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. revenue from acquired businesses contributed 2% and 1% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, to payments segment revenue growth. revenue growth at our card services business contributed approximately 2% and 2.5% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, to the payments segment revenue growth largely due to increased transaction volumes. increased volumes also drove revenue growth contributions of 1% in both 2018 and 2017 from our electronic payments business and 1% in 2018 from our biller solutions business.
revenue in our financial segment decreased $135 million, or 5%, in 2018 and increased $53 million, or 2%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. dispositions, including the lending solutions business, reduced financial segment revenue growth by 9% in 2018 and 1% in 2017 compared to the prior years. partially offsetting the decline in 2018, our account processing businesses contributed 2.5% of revenue growth to the financial segment. our lending solutions business contributed approximately 2% to the financial segment revenue growth in 2017, driven by increased volumes.
revenue at corporate and other increased $29 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to transition services revenue from the lending joint ventures. revenue at corporate and other was relatively consistent in 2017 and 2016.
29
total expenses total expenses decreased $94 million, or 2%, in 2018 and increased $104 million, or 3%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 69.9%, 73.1% and 73.8% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. total expenses and total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were reduced by the $227 million gain on sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in 2018 and by the $10 million gain on sale of our australian item processing business in 2017.
cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was 46.7%, 47.4% and 47.8% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted by operating leverage in our recurring revenue businesses in both 2018 and 2017. in 2018, this included improvements of approximately 80 basis points from scalable revenue growth in our payments segment, and approximately 60 basis points from our account processing businesses driven by product mix and expense management. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue improvement in 2018 was partially offset by approximately 50 basis points from client-focused incremental investments.
cost of product as a percentage of product revenue was 87.9% in 2018 and was consistent at 84.9% in 2017 and 2016. cost of product as a percentage of product revenue in 2018 was largely impacted by additional expenses associated with product development, as well as by approximately 130 basis points due to a decrease in higher-margin software license revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue was 21.1%, 20.2% and 20.0% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the disposition of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business negatively impacted selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2018 by approximately 50 basis points. increased costs associated with acquisitions negatively impacted selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue by approximately 30 basis points in 2018 and 40 basis points in 2017 compared to the prior years.
the gain on sale of businesses of $227 million in 2018 and $10 million in 2017 resulted from the sales of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business and our australian item processing business, respectively.
operating income and operating margin total operating income increased $221 million, or 14%, in 2018 and increased $87 million, or 6%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. total operating margin increased to 30.1% in 2018 from 26.9% in 2017 and 26.2% in 2016.
operating income in our payments segment increased $88 million, or 9%, in 2018 and increased $91 million, or 10%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 32.3%, 32.0% and 30.5% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, increasing 30 basis points in 2018 and 150 basis points in 2017. scalable revenue growth positively impacted payments segment operating margin by approximately 120 basis points and 200 basis points in 2018 and 2017, respectively. payments segment operating margin improvement was partially offset by 30 basis points in 2018 and 50 basis points in 2017 as a result of acquisitions, and by approximately 50 basis points in 2018 from client-focused incremental investments.
operating income in our financial segment decreased $51 million, or 6%, in 2018 and increased $26 million, or 3%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. operating margin was 33.3%, 33.5% and 33.2% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, decreasing 20 basis points in 2018 and increasing 30 basis points in 2017. financial segment operating margin in 2018 was reduced by approximately 130 basis points due to the disposition of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business and 20 basis points from client-focused incremental investments, partially offset by contributions of approximately 130 basis points from our account processing businesses related to product mix and expense management. financial segment operating margin in 2017 was positively impacted by approximately 70 basis points from scalable revenue growth, partially offset by 30 basis points from increased expenses associated with incremental investments in innovation-based solutions.
the operating loss in corporate and other decreased $184 million in 2018 and increased $30 million in 2017 compared to the prior years. corporate and other was favorably impacted by gains of $227 million and $10 million from the sales of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in 2018 and our australian item processing business in 2017, respectively. the operating loss in corporate and other in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily impacted by increased professional services expenses for data center consolidation and acquisition integration activities. the operating loss increase in 2017 was primarily attributable to increased acquisition and related integration costs of $12 million and increased employee benefit expenses, including severance, of $20 million.
30
interest expense interest expense increased $17 million, or 10%, in 2018 and increased $13 million, or 8%, in 2017 compared to the prior years. the interest expense increase in 2018 was primarily attributable to the issuance of $2.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes. higher average variable interest rates and higher average outstanding debt contributed approximately $7 million and $6 million, respectively, to increased interest expense in 2017 compared to 2016.
loss on early debt extinguishment in 2018, we completed a cash tender offer for and redemption of our $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due october 2020, which resulted in a pre-tax loss on early debt extinguishment of $14 million.
non-operating income (loss)
non-operating income in 2018 includes $4 million of interest income and $5 million related to the fulfillment of our stand-ready obligations to perform over the term of the lending joint ventures debt guarantees and the associated release from risk. non-operating income of $2 million in 2017 was primarily attributable to an unrealized gain on a foreign currency hedge related to our monitise acquisition. the non-operating loss in 2016 was attributable to a non-cash write-off of a $7 million cost-method investment.
income tax provision income tax provision as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was 24.3%, 11.6% and 38.6% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the rate in 2018 was impacted by the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), as further described below, which reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. the rate in 2017 decreased by 20.3% attributable to the tax act, and by 3.6% attributable to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation awards recognized as a reduction in the income tax provision as a result of the 2017 adoption of accounting standards update 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax act made broad changes to the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent beginning in 2018; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain un-repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) requiring u.s. federal taxable income to include certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; and (5) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense. the provisions of the tax act decreased our 2017 effective tax rate by 20.3%, primarily due to the re-evaluation of the net deferred tax liability to reflect the lower federal tax rate of 21 percent.
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates our share of net income from the lending joint ventures and stoneriver is reported as income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates and the related tax expense is reported within the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates of $10 million in 2018 was primarily comprised of our share of earnings from the lending joint ventures. during 2017, stoneriver recognized a net gain on the sale of a business, and in 2016, recognized a net gain on the sale of a business interest, resulting in our share of stoneriver income of $32 million and $147 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
income from discontinued operations income from discontinued operations in 2017 included a litigation settlement related to a prior disposition of $19 million, net of income tax of $7 million, and earnings related to an acquired business held for sale.
net income per share - diluted from continuing operations net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was $2.87, $2.86 and $2.08 in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations in 2018 was favorably impacted by a gain of $0.37 per share on the sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was favorably impacted by discrete income tax benefits associated with the tax act of $0.64 per share in 2017 and from our share of net investment gains, primarily from stoneriver capital transactions, of $0.05 and $0.20 per share in 2017 and 2016, respectively. net income per share-diluted from continuing operations was negatively impacted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 by merger and integration costs of $0.17, $0.11 and $0.08 per share, respectively. the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets also
31
reduced net income per share-diluted from continuing operations by $0.31, $0.25 and $0.23 per share in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary liquidity needs in the ordinary course of business are: (i) to fund normal operating expenses; (ii) to meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness; and (iii) to fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. we believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations, along with our cash and cash equivalents of $415 million and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $850 million at december 31, 2018. see below under "first data acquisition financing" for a description of our planned financing to fund the first data acquisition. the following table summarizes our operating cash flow and capital expenditure amounts for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
year endeddecember 31,                     increase (decrease)
(in millions)                                                     2018                    2017                           $   %
income from continuing operations                         $1,187                  $1,232                  $(45     )
depreciation and amortization                                556                     444                   112
share-based compensation                                      73                      63                    10
deferred income taxes                                        133                    (247     )             380
gain on sale of businesses                                  (227     )               (10     )            (217     )
loss on early debt extinguishment                             14                       -                    14
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates         (10     )               (32     )              22
dividends from unconsolidated affiliates                       2                      45                   (43     )
non-cash impairment charges                                    3                      18                   (15     )
net changes in working capital and other                    (179     )               (30     )            (149     )
operating cash flow                                       $1,552                  $1,483                   $69         5           %
capital expenditures                                        $360                    $287                   $73         25          %
our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, was $1.55 billion in 2018, an increase of 5% compared to $1.48 billion in 2017. this increase was primarily due to improved operating results, partially offset by an approximate $30 million impact of accounts receivable timing, other working capital fluctuations including a $23 million tax payment resulting from new guidance issued by the internal revenue service regarding the tax act, and $43 million of lower cash dividends received from stoneriver. the dividends received in 2018 and 2017 represented returns on our investment and are reported in cash flows from operating activities.
our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to fund capital expenditures, for share repurchases (after the closing of the first data acquisition), and acquisitions, and to repay debt rather than to pay dividends. our capital expenditures were approximately 6% and 5% of our total revenue in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
share repurchases we purchased $1.91 billion and $1.17 billion of our common stock in 2018 and 2017, respectively. on each of november 16, 2016 and august 8, 2018, our board of directors authorized the purchase of up to 30.0 million shares of our common stock. as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately 26.0 million shares remaining under these authorizations. shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans. we deferred share repurchases as of january 16, 2019 until the close of the first data acquisition, as described below, which is expected to occur during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both companies.
acquisitions and dispositions on january 16, 2019, we announced that we had entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire first data in an all-stock transaction for an equity value of approximately $22 billion as of the announcement. the transaction is expected to close during the second half of 2019, subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and shareholder approval for both
32
companies. first data is a global leader in commerce-enabling technology and solutions for merchants, financial institutions, and card issuers.
on october 31, 2018, we acquired the debit card processing, atm managed services, and money pass® surcharge-free network of elan financial services, a unit of u.s. bancorp, for approximately $660 million including estimated post-closing working capital adjustments, contingent consideration related to earn-out provisions and future payments under a transition services agreement in excess of fair value. we funded this acquisition by utilizing existing availability under our revolving credit facility.
we completed four acquisitions in 2017 for an aggregate purchase price of $384 million, net of acquired cash, and two acquisitions in 2016 for an aggregate purchase price of $265 million. we funded these acquisitions by utilizing a combination of available cash and existing availability under our revolving credit facility.
during 2018, we sold a 55% interest of our lending solutions business, retaining 45% ownership interests in two joint ventures. we received gross sale proceeds of $419 million from the transactions. in addition, we completed the sale of the retail voucher business acquired in our 2017 acquisition of monitise for proceeds of £37 million ($50 million). in 2017, we sold our australian item processing business for approximately $17 million.
indebtedness december 31,
(in millions)            2018                2017
revolving credit facility      $1,129              $1,068
2.7% senior notes due 2020         848                 846
4.75% senior notes due 2021         399                 398
3.5% senior notes due 2022         697                 696
3.8% senior notes due 2023         992                   -
3.85% senior notes due 2025         895                 894
4.2% senior notes due 2028         990                   -
4.625% senior notes due 2020           -                 449
term loan           -                 540
other borrowings           9                   9
total debt (including current maturities)      $5,959              $4,900
at december 31, 2018, our debt consisted primarily of $4.8 billion of fixed-rate senior notes and $1.1 billion of revolving credit facility borrowings. interest on our senior notes is paid semi-annually. we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants during 2018. additional information about our debt structure and associated instruments is included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
revolving credit facility in september 2018, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement that restated our existing $2.0 billion revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks and extended its maturity from april 2020 to september 2023. borrowings under the amended and restated revolving credit facility continue to bear interest at a variable rate based on libor or on a base rate, plus in each case a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. there are no significant commitment fees and no compensating balance requirements. the amended and restated revolving credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require us, among other things, to (1) limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than three and one-half times our consolidated net earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash charges and expenses and certain other adjustments ("ebitda") during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, subject to certain exceptions, and (2) maintain ebitda of at least three times our consolidated interest expense as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended. on february 6, 2019, we entered into an amendment to the amended and restated revolving credit facility to (1) amend the maximum leverage ratio covenant to permit us to elect to increase the permitted maximum leverage ratio from three and one-half times our ebitda to either four times or four and one-half times our ebitda for a specified period following certain acquisitions and (2) permit us to make drawings under the revolving credit facility on the closing date of our acquisition of first data subject to only limited conditions.
33
on february 15, 2019, we entered into a second amendment to our existing revolving credit agreement in order to increase the aggregate commitments available thereunder by $1.5 billion and to make certain additional amendments to facilitate the operation of the combined business following the merger. the increased commitments and additional amendments will become effective upon the satisfaction or waiver of conditions that are substantially similar to the conditions to funding under the term loan facility described under "first data acquisition financing" below.
senior notes in september 2018, we completed an offering of $2.0 billion of senior notes comprised of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.8% senior notes due in october 2023 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.2% senior notes due in october 2028. the notes pay interest semi-annually on april 1 and october 1, commencing on april 1, 2019. the interest rate applicable to these notes is subject to an increase of up to two percent in the event that the credit rating assigned to such notes is downgraded below investment grade. the indentures governing the senior notes contain covenants that, among other matters, limit (1) our ability to consolidate or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, another person, (2) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens, and (3) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions.
we used the net proceeds from the offering described above to repay the outstanding principal balance of $540 million under our term loan and the outstanding borrowings under our amended and restated revolving credit facility totaling $1.1 billion. in addition, we commenced a cash tender offer in september 2018 for any and all of our outstanding $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due october 2020. upon expiration of the tender offer on september 26, 2018, $246 million was tendered and $253 million was paid to all holders of such tendered notes in october 2018. in october 2018, we also retired the remaining outstanding $204 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes.
debt guarantees in connection with the sale of a 55% interest of our lending solutions business in march 2018, we have guaranteed underlying debt of the lending joint ventures and do not anticipate that the lending joint ventures will fail to fulfill their debt obligations. this debt is comprised of variable-rate term loan facilities for an aggregate amount of $350 million in senior unsecured debt and variable-rate revolving credit facilities for an aggregate amount of $35 million with a syndicate of banks. these debt facilities mature in march 2023, and there are no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities as of december 31, 2018. we have not made any payments under the guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so.
first data acquisition financing in connection with the definitive merger agreement to acquire first data, on january 16, 2019, we entered into a bridge facility commitment letter pursuant to which a group of financial institutions committed to provide a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $17 billion for the purpose of refinancing certain indebtedness of first data and its subsidiaries on the closing date of the merger, making cash payments in lieu of fractional shares as part of the merger consideration, and paying fees and expenses related to the merger, the refinancing and the related transactions.
on february 15, 2019, we entered into a new term loan credit agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions pursuant to which such financial institutions have committed to provide us with a senior unsecured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $5.0 billion, consisting of $1.5 billion in commitments to provide loans with a three-year maturity and $3.5 billion in commitments to provide loans with a five-year maturity. the aggregate principal amount of the commitments under the term loan credit agreement have replaced a corresponding amount of the commitments in respect of the bridge facility in accordance with the terms of the bridge facility commitment letter. as a result, there are now $12.0 billion in bridge facility commitments remaining. we expect to replace these remaining commitments with permanent financing in the form of the issuance of debt securities prior to the closing of the merger.
the availability of loans under the term loan facility is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions that are substantially consistent with the conditions to the funding of the bridge facility, including (i) the closing of the merger substantially concurrently with the funding of such loans, (ii) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to first data since january 16, 2019, (iii) the truth and accuracy in all material respects of certain representations and warranties, (iv) the receipt of certain certificates, and (v) the receipt of certain financial statements. loans drawn under the term loan facility will be subject to amortization at an annual rate of 5% for the first two years and 7.5% thereafter (with loans outstanding under the five-year tranche subject to amortization at an annual rate of 10% after the fourth anniversary of the commencement of amortization), with accrued and unpaid amortization amounts required to be paid on the last business day in december of each year. borrowings under the term loan facility will bear interest at variable rates based on libor or on a base rate plus, in each case, a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. we are also required to pay a ticking fee that will accrue on the aggregate undrawn commitments under the term loan facility at a per annum rate based upon our long-
34
term debt rating in effect from time to time. the term loan credit agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default, that are substantially the same as those set forth in our existing revolving credit facility, as amended as described above.
other access to capital markets impacts our cost of capital, our ability to refinance maturing debt and our ability to fund future acquisitions. our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. as of december 31, 2018, we had a corporate credit rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and bbb with a stable outlook from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") on our senior unsecured debt securities. such credit ratings were both affirmed in connection with our definitive merger agreement to acquire first data.
the interest rates payable on our senior notes and revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's or s&p changes the debt rating applicable to the notes. if the ratings from moody's or s&p decrease below investment grade, the per annum interest rates on the senior notes are subject to increase by up to two percent. in no event will the total increase in the per annum interest rates exceed two percent above the original interest rates, nor will the per annum interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate applicable to the senior notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we do not participate in, nor have we created, any off-balance sheet variable interest entities or other off-balance sheet financing. the following table details our contractual obligations at december 31, 2018:
(in millions)                                           total             less than1 year             1-3 years            3-5 years            more than5 years long-term debt including interest (1) (2)          $7,131                    $224                  $1,646               $3,127                    $2,134
minimum operating lease payments (1)                  430                      94                     137                   91                       108
purchase obligations (1)                              500                     239                     127                   11                       123
income tax obligations                                 49                       3                      38                    8                         -
total                                              $8,110                    $560                  $1,948               $3,237                    $2,365
(1)   interest, operating lease and purchase obligations are reported on a pre-tax basis.
(2)   the calculations assume that only mandatory debt repayments are made, no additional refinancing or lending occurs, and the variable rate on the revolving credit facility is priced at the rate in effect as of december 31, 2018.
