item 1a.   risk factors.
we routinely encounter and address risks in conducting our business. some of these risks may cause our future results to be different - sometimes materially different - than we presently anticipate. below are material risks we have identified that could adversely affect our business. how we react to material future developments, as well as how our competitors and customers react to those developments, could also affect our future results we may not realize the benefits anticipated from the frutarom acquisition, which could adversely affect our business.
part of our growth strategy has included growth through acquisitions within the fragrance, flavors, natural ingredient industries and adjacencies. the frutarom acquisition was our most significant acquisition and brings a significantly different customer base and new adjacent product categories to our business. our expectations about the benefits of this acquisition are based on projections and assumptions about our combined businesses which depend on (i) our ability to maintain the current frutarom business, (ii) our ability to achieve the anticipated synergies and (iii) our ability to cross-sell the combined company's products. we may encounter significant challenges achieving these anticipated benefits, including the following:
•   potential disruption of, or reduced growth in, our historical core businesses, due to diversion of management attention from our historical core business and uncertainty with our current customer and supplier relationships;
•   challenges arising from the expansion of our product offerings into adjacencies with which we have limited experience, including functional foods and nutraceuticals;
•   coordinating and integrating research and development teams across technologies and products to enhance product development while reducing costs;
•   consolidating and integrating corporate, information technology, finance and administrative infrastructures, and integrating and harmonizing business systems, which may be more difficult than anticipated due to the significant number of acquisitions completed by frutarom over the past few years;
•   coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position our capabilities and the direction of product development;
•   difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities, cross-selling opportunities and growth prospects from combining frutarom's business with our business;
•   the increased scale, regulatory compliance costs and complexity of our operations;
•   retaining key employees, suppliers and other partners;
•   retaining and efficiently managing frutarom's significantly expanded and decentralized customer base;
•   difficulties in anticipating and responding to actions that may be taken by competitors in response to the transaction; and
•   the assumption of and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of frutarom.
13
in addition, our anticipated benefits of the acquisition of frutarom contemplate significant cost-saving synergies, which we expect to arise principally from facility consolidation and rationalization of supply chain relationships. even if we are able to successfully integrate the operations of frutarom with ours, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition if we are unable to identify and implement the anticipated cost savings or if the actions taken to implement such cost-savings have unintended consequences on our other business operations.
if we do not successfully manage these issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating frutarom, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, we could incur unanticipated expenses and charges and our operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
the frutarom acquisition resulted, and may continue to result, in significant charges or other liabilities that could adversely affect the financial results of the combined company.
our financial results, following the acquisition of frutarom, were adversely affected by cash expenses and non-cash accounting charges incurred in connection with the acquisition. we expect these types of charges to continue as a result of the integration of the business and operations of frutarom. as a result of the acquisition, we assumed all of frutarom's liabilities, including unknown and contingent liabilities. due to the nature of the transaction and the characteristics of frutarom, our ability to conduct extensive due diligence was limited and we may subsequently identify additional obligations, including those that frutarom assumed in its prior acquisitions, during the measurement period. prior to our acquisition, frutarom completed 47 acquisitions since 2011, including 22 since the beginning of 2016. our ability to accurately identify and assess the magnitude of the liabilities assumed by frutarom in these acquisitions was limited by, among other things, the information available to us and frutarom and the limited operating experience that frutarom has with these acquired entities. if we are not able to completely assess the scope of these liabilities or if these liabilities are neither probable nor estimable at this time, our future financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated reserves or charges, unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting charges, unexpected increases in taxes due, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition.
our incurrence of additional debt to pay the cash portion of the frutarom consideration increased our financial leverage and could adversely affect our future cash flows and cost of capital.
in connection with the acquisition of frutarom, we borrowed approximately $3.3 billion of additional debt, consisting of $2.8 billion of senior unsecured notes, $350.0 million in term loans and $139.5 million of senior unsecured amortizing notes associated with the tangible equity units. incurring this new debt significantly increased our leverage. there may be circumstances in which required payments of principal and/or interest on this new debt could adversely affect our cash flows, our operating results or our ability to return capital to our shareholders through dividends or stock repurchases. furthermore, our degree of leverage could adversely affect our future credit ratings. if we are unable to maintain or improve our current investment grade rating, it could adversely affect our future cost of funding, liquidity and access to capital markets. in addition, our current level of leverage could increase our vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing, and our ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities, including large acquisitions.
if we are unable to successfully market to our expanded and decentralized taste and frutarom customer base, our operating results and future growth may be adversely affected.
as a result of our acquisition of frutarom, the number of our customers significantly increased and became more decentralized. our historical customer base was primarily comprised of large food, beverage and consumer products companies. these customers have faced, in recent years, growing competition from mid- and small-sized regional companies and companies focused on niche-product categories. in connection with vision 2020, we identified serving these small and mid-sized clients as a key element of our business strategy and invested in this strategy through the introduction of tastepoint by iff in the us, which resulted from the acquisitions of ottens flavors and david michael. with the frutarom acquisition, we have significantly expanded our customer base, by approximately 39,000 customers, composed principally of globally-located small and mid-sized companies. this substantial increase in our customer base will require us to adjust our corporate, information technology, finance and administrative infrastructures and corporate sales and customer culture. further, we may experience difficulty managing the growth of a portfolio of customers that is diverse both with respect to the types of services they will require and the infrastructure required to deliver our products. however, if we are unable to successfully implement this strategy or gain market share with this growing customer base, our future growth could be adversely affected.
14
our business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our sales and results of operations will suffer.
the market for flavors, fragrances and natural ingredients is highly competitive. we face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including multi-national and specialized flavor, fragrance and cosmetic ingredients companies, as well as consumer product companies who may develop their own flavors, fragrances or cosmetic ingredients. in the flavors industry, we also face increasing competition from ingredient suppliers that have expanded their portfolios to include flavor offerings. some of our competitors specialize in one or more of our product sub-segments, while others participate in many of our product sub-segments. in addition, some of our global competitors may have greater resources than we do or may have proprietary products that could permit them to respond to changing business and economic conditions more effectively than we can. consolidation of our competitors may exacerbate these risks.
as we continue to enter into adjacent markets, such as cosmetic ingredients and, recently through the frutarom acquisition, functional foods, specialty fine ingredients and health and wellness products, we may face greater competition-related risks in these markets than with our core historic flavor and fragrances businesses. for example, the specialty fine ingredients market is more price sensitive than the flavors market and is characterized by relatively lower profit margins. some fine ingredients products manufactured by frutarom are less unique and more replaceable by competitors' products. there is no assurance that operating margins will not erode in the future, which could substantially impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
competition in our business is based on innovation, product quality, regulatory compliance, pricing, quality of customer service, the support provided by marketing and application groups, and understanding of consumers. it is difficult for us to predict the timing, scale and success of our competitors' actions in these areas. in particular, the discovery and development of new flavors and fragrance compounds and ingredients, protection of our intellectual property and development and retention of key employees are critical to our ability to effectively compete in our business. increased competition by existing or future competitors, including aggressive price competition, could result in the potential loss of substantial sales or create the need for us to reduce prices or increase spending, and this could have an adverse impact on sales and profitability.
if we are unable to provide our customers with innovative, cost-effective products that allow them to achieve their own profitability expectations, our sales and results of operations will suffer.
during 2018, our 25 largest customers accounted for 47% of our sales, and the largest customer across all end-use categories accounted for 9% to 12 % of our sales for each of the last three fiscal years. loss of or a reduction in sales to our largest customer or any of our other large customers for an extended period of time could adversely affect our business or financial results.
large multi-national customers, and increasingly, middle-market customers are unilaterally limiting the number of their suppliers or rationalizing the number of products that they offer to increase their margins and profitability. as part of these initiatives, these customers are creating "core lists" of suppliers and giving these "core lists" suppliers priority for new or modified products. recently, these customers are making inclusion on their "core lists" contingent upon a supplier providing more favorable commercial terms, including rebates, which could adversely affect our margins. we must either offer competitive cost-in-use solutions to secure and maintain inclusion on these "core lists" or seek to manage the relationship without being on the "core-list". if we chose not to pursue "core-list" status due to profitability concerns or if we are unable to obtain "core-list" status our ability to maintain our share of the customers' future purchases could be adversely affected and therefore our future results of operations.
furthermore, consolidations amongst our customers have resulted in larger and more sophisticated customers with greater buying power and additional negotiating strength. these and other profitability initiatives being pursued by our customers reduce the market opportunity for which we compete and subject the volume and pricing of the remaining suppliers to downward pressure. to be successful in this competitive environment, we must continue to make investments in customer relationships and tailor product research and development in order to anticipate customers' needs, deliver products that contribute to our customers' profitability, and provide effective customer service.
we may not successfully develop and introduce new products that meet our customers' needs, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
our ability to differentiate ourselves and deliver growth in line with our vision 2020 strategy largely depends on our ability to successfully develop and introduce new products and product improvements that meet our customers' needs, and ultimately appeal to consumers. innovation is a key element of our ability to develop and introduce new products. we cannot be certain that we will be successful in achieving our innovation goals, such as the development of new molecules, new and
15
expanded delivery systems and other technologies. we currently spend approximately 8% of our sales on research and development; however, such investments may only generate future revenues to the extent that we are able to develop products that meet our customers' specifications, are at an acceptable cost and achieve acceptance by the targeted consumer market. furthermore, there may be significant lag times from the time we incur r&d costs to the time that these r&d costs may result in increased revenue. consequently, even when we "win" a project, our ability to generate revenues as a result of these investments is subject to numerous customer, economic and other risks that are outside of our control, including delays by our customers in the launch of a new product, the level of promotional support for the launch, poor performance of our third-party vendors, anticipated sales by our customers not being realized or changes in market preferences or demands, or disruptive innovations by competitors.
a disruption in our manufacturing operations or our supply chain could adversely affect our business and financial results.
as a company engaged in the global development, manufacture and distribution of products, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, product quality control issues, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, international conflicts, terrorist acts and other external factors over which we have no control. while we operate research and development, manufacturing and distribution facilities throughout the world, many of these facilities are extremely specialized and certain of our r&d or creative laboratories facilities are uniquely situated to support our research and development efforts while certain of our manufacturing facilities are the sole location where a specific ingredient or product is produced. if our research and development activities or the manufacturing of ingredients or products were disrupted, the cost of relocating or replacing these activities or reformulating these ingredients or products may be substantial, which could result in production or development delays or otherwise have an adverse effect on our margins, operating results and future growth.
a disruption in our supply chain, including the inability to obtain ingredients and raw materials from third parties, could adversely affect our business and financial results.
in connection with our manufacture of our fragrance and flavor compounds, we often rely on third party suppliers for ingredients and raw materials that are integral to our manufacture of such compounds. our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather, climate change, growing and harvesting conditions, market conditions, governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. our natural products and ingredients may also be subject to import alerts or specific country regulations that would impair our ability to obtain sufficient quantity at the relevant manufacturing facility. in addition, our ingredient suppliers, similar to us, are subject to the risks inherent in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information systems, disruption or loss of key research or manufacturing sites, product quality control, safety and environmental compliance issues, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, international conflicts, terrorist acts and other external factors over which they have no control. these suppliers also could become insolvent or experience other financial distress. for example, a fire at the manufacturing facility of basf group ("basf"), one of our suppliers, in 2017 caused them to declare a force majeure and has resulted in a disruption of the availability of certain ingredients used in some of our fragrance and flavor compounds. if our suppliers are unable to supply us with sufficient ingredients and raw materials to meet our needs, we would need to seek alternative sources of such materials or pursue our own production of such ingredients or direct acquisition of such raw materials. however, for certain of our raw ingredients and raw materials we rely on a limited number of suppliers where there are not readily available alternatives. if we are unable to obtain or manufacture alternative sources of such ingredients or raw materials at a similar cost, we would seek to (i) reformulate our compounds and/or (ii) increase pricing to reflect the higher supply cost. however, if we are not able to successfully implement any of these alternatives, we could experience disruptions in production, increased cost of sales and a corresponding decrease in gross margin or reduced sales if our competitors were able to more successfully adjust to such market disruption. such fluctuations and decrease in gross margin could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, energy and transportation could harm our profits.
we use many different raw materials for our business, including essential oils, extracts and concentrates derived from fruits, vegetables, flowers, woods and other botanicals, animal products, raw fruits, organic chemicals and petroleum-based chemicals. historically, we have experienced a considerable amount of price volatility in natural products that represent approximately half of our raw material purchases, and we expect this volatility to continue in the near future. for example, during and in 2018, we experienced increases in the prices of certain naturals, including citrus. in addition, because frutarom's number of natural product offerings is substantial, this risk may be exacerbated. availability and pricing of these natural products can be impacted by crop size and quality, weather, climate change, alternative land use, and other factors which we cannot control.
16
if we are unable to increase the prices to our customers of our flavor or fragrance compounds or natural ingredient products to offset raw material and other input cost increases, or if we are unable to achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases, we could fail to meet our cost expectations and our profits and operating results could be adversely affected. increases in prices of our products to customers may lead to declines in volume, and we may not be able to accurately predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, commodities and energy prices are subject to significant volatility caused by market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, production and transportation disruptions, and other world events. as we source many of our raw materials globally to help ensure quality control, if the cost of energy, shipping or transportation increases and we are unable to pass along these costs to our customers, our profit margins would be adversely affected. furthermore, increasing our prices to our customers could result in long-term sales declines or loss of market share if our customers find alternative suppliers or choose to reformulate their consumer products to use fewer ingredients, which could have an adverse long-term impact on our results of operations.
to mitigate our sourcing risk, we maintain strategic stock levels for critical items. however, if we do not accurately estimate the amount of raw materials that will be used for the geographic region in which we will need these materials, our margins could be adversely affected.
if we are unable to comply with regulatory requirements and industry standards, including those regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environmental impact, we could incur significant costs and suffer reputational harm which could adversely affect results of operations.
the development, manufacture and sale of our products are subject to various regulatory requirements in each of the countries in which our products are developed, manufactured and sold. in addition, we are subject to product safety and compliance requirements established by the industry or similar oversight bodies or contractually by our customers, including requirements concerning product safety, quality and efficacy, environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management) and other sustainability or similar issues. we use a variety of strategies, methodologies and tools to (i) identify current product standards, (ii) assess relative risks in our supply chain that can impact product integrity, (iii) monitor internal and external performance and (iv) test raw materials and finished goods to minimize the likelihood of product or process non-compliance.
gaps in our operational processes or those of our suppliers can result in products that do not meet our quality control standards or industry standards or fail to comply with the relevant regulatory requirements, which in turn can result in finished consumer goods that do not comply with these standards and requirements. products that are mislabeled, contaminated or damaged could result in a regulatory non-compliance event or even a product recall by the fda or a similar foreign agency. our contracts often require us to indemnify our customers for the costs associated with a product non-compliance event, including penalties, costs and settlements arising from litigation, remediation costs or loss of sales. as our flavors and fragrance compounds and ingredients are used in many products intended for human use or consumption, these consequences would be exacerbated if we or our customer did not identify the defect before the product reaches the consumer and there was a resulting impact at the consumer level. such a result could lead to potentially large scale adverse publicity, negative effects on consumer's health, recalls and potential consumer litigation. in addition, if we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification from suppliers or other third parties, or if insurance or indemnification is not available, the liability relating to product or possible third-party claims arising from mislabeled, contaminated or damaged products could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, adverse publicity about our products, or our customers' products that contain our ingredients, including concerns about product safety or similar issues, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation and result in an immediate adverse effect on our sales and customer relationships, as well as require us to utilize significant resources to rebuild our reputation.
the interruption or failure of key information technology systems or a loss of data, malicious attack or other breach of security of our information technology systems, may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business, subject us to increased operating costs, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation.
we rely on information technology systems, including some managed by third-party providers, to conduct business and support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, distribution, internal communications and communications with third parties throughout the world, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, tax or legal requirements, and collecting and storing customer, supplier, employee and other stakeholder information. the frutarom acquisition may also pose additional burden on our information technology systems as we integrate our information and financial systems into our newly acquired facilities. these systems may be susceptible to disruptions or outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, failed upgrades or other similar events, or due to the poor performance of third-party
17
providers. an effective response to disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our employees and third-party providers to avoid any adverse impact to our business. in addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar information security breaches, which in turn could result in the unauthorized release or misuse of confidential or proprietary information about our business (including, but not limited to, the trade secrets upon which we rely to protect our proprietary fragrance and flavor formulations), employees, or customers, and disrupt our operations. depending on their nature and scope, these threats could potentially lead to improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data or product non-compliance. the occurrence of any of these events could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our sales, subject us to increased operating costs, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings.
increasing awareness of health and wellness are driving changes in the consumer products industry, and if we are unable to react in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected.
we must continually anticipate and react, in a timely and cost-effective manner, to changes in consumer preferences and demands, including changes in demand driven by increasing awareness of health and wellness and demands for transparency with respect to product ingredients. consumers, especially in developed economies such as the u.s. and western europe, are shifting away from products containing artificial ingredients to all natural, healthier alternatives. in addition, there has been a growing demand by consumers, non-governmental organizations and, to a lesser extent, governmental agencies to provide more transparency in product labeling and our customers have been taking steps to address this demand, including by voluntarily providing product-specific ingredients disclosure. these two trends could affect the types and volumes of our ingredients and compounds that our customers include in their consumer product offerings. if we are unable to react to or anticipate these trends in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to successfully establish and manage collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships that lead to development or commercialization of products, it could adversely affect our growth.
from time to time, we evaluate and enter into collaborations, joint ventures or partnerships to enhance our research and development efforts or expand our materials portfolio or technology. the process of establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships is difficult and time-consuming to negotiate, document and implement. we may not be able to successfully negotiate these arrangements or the terms of the arrangements may not be as favorable as anticipated. furthermore, our ability to generate revenues from such collaborations will depend on our partners' abilities and efforts to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements and these collaborations may not lead to development or commercialization of products in the most efficient manner, or at all. in addition, from time to time, frutarom has acquired, and we intend to continue to acquire, only a majority interest in companies and providing earnouts for the former owners and the ability for us to acquire the minority interests at a future date at an established price. these investments may have additional risks and may not be as efficient as other operations as we may have fiduciary or contractual obligations to the minority investors. if we are unable to successfully establish and manage these collaborative relationships and majority investments it could adversely affect our future growth.
we have made investments in and continue to expand our business into emerging markets, which exposes us to certain risks.
as part of our growth strategy, we have increased our presence in emerging markets by expanding our manufacturing presence, sales organization and product offerings in these markets, and we expect to continue to expand our business in these markets. with our combination with frutarom, who also had a significant presence in emerging markets, our business in these markets has meaningfully grown. in addition to the currency and international risks described below, our operations in these markets may be subject to a variety of other risks. emerging markets typically have a consumer base with limited or fluctuating disposable income and customer demand in these markets may fluctuate accordingly. as a result, decrease in customer demand in emerging markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to execute our growth strategy. further, there is no assurance that our existing products, variants of our existing products or new products that we make, manufacture, distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular developing or emerging market, due to local or global competition, product price, cultural differences, consumer preferences or otherwise. in addition, emerging markets may have weak legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce our intellectual property and contractual rights, exchange controls, unstable governments and privatization or other government actions that may affect taxes, subsidies and incentive programs and the flow of goods and currency. in conducting our business, we move products from one country to another and may provide services in one country from a subsidiary located in another country. accordingly, we are vulnerable to abrupt changes in trade, customs and tax regimes in these markets. if we are unable to expand our business in developing and emerging
18
markets, effectively operate, or manage the risks associated with operating in these markets, or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these markets, our operating results and future growth could be adversely affected.
the impact of currency fluctuation or devaluation in the international markets in which we operate may negatively affect our results of operations.
we have significant operations outside the us, the results of which are reported in the local currency and then translated into u.s. dollars at applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the exchange rates between these currencies and the u.s. dollar have fluctuated and will continue to do so in the future. for example, as of july 1, 2018, we concluded that argentina's economy is highly inflationary under us gaap, as it has experienced cumulative inflation of approximately 100% or more over a three-year period. while our current operations in argentina represent less than 3% of our consolidated net sales and less than 1% of our consolidated total assets, continuing inflation in argentina could adversely affect our profitability in a specific period. with our increased operations in emerging markets arising from our frutarom acquisition, these risks will become exacerbated. changes in exchange rates between these local currencies and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded levels of sales, profitability, assets and/or liabilities. additionally, volatility in currency exchange rates may adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. although we employ a variety of techniques to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, including sourcing strategies and a limited number of foreign currency hedging activities, we cannot guarantee that such hedging and risk management strategies will be effective, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to regulatory, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues, cash flows or financial position.
we operate on a global basis, with manufacturing and sales facilities in the us, europe, africa, the middle east, latin america, israel and greater asia. during 2018, 75% of our net sales and, as a result of our acquisition of frutarom, 80% of our combined net sales were to customers outside the u.s. and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations. as a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations. these risks, which can vary substantially by location, include the following:
•   governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic and macroeconomic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that may impact consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates, currency fluctuations and sustainability of resources;
•   changes in environmental, health and safety regulations, such as the continued implementation of the european union's reach regulations and similar regulations that are being evaluated and adopted in other markets, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with such regulations;
•   increased environmental, health and safety regulations or the loss of necessary environmental permits in certain countries, arising from growing consumer sensitivity concerning the inclusion of flavor additives in food products and the fact that regulators perceive nutraceuticals, medical food and functional food products as having medicinal attributes;
•   the imposition of or changes in tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, by the u.s. or other countries, which could adversely affect our cost or ability to import raw materials or export our flavors and fragrance products to surrounding markets;
•   risks and costs arising from language and cultural differences;
•   changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in the countries in which we operate, including the risk of expropriation or nationalization, and the costs and ability to repatriate the profit that we generate in these countries;
•   risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, bribery and corruption, anti-american sentiment, and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate;
•   difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained local personnel;
•   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflicts, including terrorist acts, or national and regional labor strikes in the countries in which we operate, which could interrupt our operations or endanger our personnel; or
•   the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and regulations and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights.
19
the occurrence of any one or more of these factors could increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations.
economic uncertainty may adversely affect demand for our products which may have a negative impact on our operating results and future growth.
our flavors and fragrance compounds and our fragrance, cosmetic active and functional food ingredients are components of a wide assortment of global consumer products throughout the world. historically, demand for consumer products using these compounds and ingredients was stimulated and broadened by changing social habits and consumer needs, population growth, an expanding global middle-class and general economic growth, especially in emerging markets. the global economy has experienced significant recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth. while some segments of the global economy appear to be recovering, the predictions surrounding the global recessionary economic environment in europe has, and may in the near future, increase unemployment and underemployment, decrease salaries and wage rates, increase inflation or result in other market-wide cost pressures that will adversely affect demand for consumer products in both developed and emerging markets. in addition, growth rates in the emerging markets have moderated from previous levels. reduced consumer spending may cause changes in our customer orders including reduced demand for our flavors and fragrances compounds or ingredients, or order cancellations.
the timing of placing of orders and the amounts of these orders are generally at our customers' discretion. customers may cancel, reduce or postpone orders with us on relatively short notice. significant cancellations, reductions or delays in orders by customers could affect our quarterly results.
it is currently anticipated that these challenging economic uncertainties will continue to affect certain of our markets during 2019 which could adversely affect our sales, profitability and overall operating results.
our success depends on attracting and retaining talented people within our business. significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals.
attracting, developing, and retaining talented employees, including our perfumers, scientists and flavorists, is essential to the successful delivery of our products and success in the marketplace. furthermore, as we continue to focus on innovation, our need for scientists and other professionals will increase. an important factor in our ability to realize our anticipated benefits from the frutarom acquisition is our ability to retain key employees at frutarom. the ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical in the development of new products and technologies which is an integral component of our growth strategy.
competition for employees can be intense and if we are unable to successfully integrate, motivate and reward the acquired frutarom employees or our current employees in our combined company, we may not be able to retain them. however, if we are unable to retain these employees or attract new employees in the future, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be adversely affected.
failure to comply with environmental protection laws may cause us to close, relocate or operate one or more of our plants at reduced production levels, and expose us to civil or criminal liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and future growth.
our business operations and properties make use of, manufacture, sell, and distribute substances that are sometimes considered hazardous and are therefore subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment, including air emissions, sewage discharges, the use of hazardous materials, waste disposal practices and clean-up of existing environmental contamination. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us, including the need to close or relocate one or more of our production facilities, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, liability for damages and negative publicity. if we are unable to meet production requirements, we can lose customer orders, which can adversely affect our future growth or we may be required to make incremental capital investments to ensure supply. for example, in 2015 chinese authorities notified us of compliance issues pertaining to the emission of odors from several of our plants in china and, consequently, we invested approximately $6.5 million in odor-abatement equipment at these facilities and have built a second flavors manufacturing facility in china, with an estimated cost of $45 million. we have also recently completed negotiations with the chinese government concerning the relocation of a second fragrance facility in china. idling of facilities or production modifications has caused or may cause customers to seek alternate suppliers due to concerns regarding supply interruptions and these customers may not return or may order at reduced levels even once issues are remediated. if these non-compliance issues reoccur in china or occur or in any other jurisdiction, we may lose business and may be required to incur capital spending above previous expectations, close a plant, or operate a plant at significantly reduced production levels on a permanent basis, and our operating results and cash flows from operations may be adversely affected.
20
our ongoing optimization of our manufacturing facilities may not be as effective as we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the expected cost savings and increased efficiencies.
as part of our ongoing strategy, we seek to enhance our manufacturing efficiency and align our geographic manufacturing footprint with our expectations of future growth and technology needs.
for example, we are in the process of relocating one of our fragrance ingredients facilities in china, constructing new facilities in india and indonesia, and other capital projects required to integrate our recently acquired frutarom business. the spending associated with these projects may result in capital spending above previous expectations, which could adversely affect our cash flows.
in addition, an integral component of our synergy strategy for the frutarom acquisition is focused on rationalizing the aggregate number of sites that the combined company operates. our ability to realize anticipated cost savings and synergies from these activities may be affected by various factors and may pose significant risks, including:
•   the risk that we may be unable to successfully and efficiently manufacture the relocated product lines at a different manufacturing facility;
•   the risk that we may be unable to effectively reduce overhead and integrate and retain employees of the relocated operations;
•   the risk that we may face difficulties in implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•   the risk that we may face integrating newly acquired manufacturing, distribution and technology facilities;
•   potential strains on our personnel, systems and resources and diversion of attention from other priorities; and
•   unforeseen or contingent liabilities of the relocated operations.
furthermore, actual charges, costs and adjustments due to these activities may vary materially from our estimates, and these activities may require cash and non-cash integration and implementation costs or charges in excess of budgeted amounts, which could offset any such savings and other synergies and therefore could have an adverse effect on our margins.
our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory and/or working capital balances.
we evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in our product/sales mix. efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success, financial returns and profitability. to be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product/sales mix to meet our customers' demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely impact our financial results. if our buying decisions do not accurately predict sourcing levels, customer trends or our expectations about customer needs are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns or impairment charges to dispose of the excess or obsolete inventory, which can adversely impact our financial results. additionally, we believe excess inventory levels of raw materials with a short shelf life in our manufacturing facilities subjects us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and shrinkage, our results of and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected.
we sell certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under "factoring" agreements that are sponsored, solely and individually, by certain customers. the cost of participating in these programs was immaterial to our results in all periods. should we choose not to participate, or if these programs were no longer available, it could reduce our cash flows from operations in the period in which the arrangement ends.
we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act or similar u.s. or foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
the global nature of our business, the significance of our international revenue and our focus on emerging markets create various domestic and local regulatory challenges and subject us to risks associated with our international operations. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in other countries generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or for other commercial advantage. in addition, u.s. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. under the fcpa, u.s. companies may be held liable for the corrupt actions taken by directors, officers, employees,
21
agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives. as such, if we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the fcpa or similar legislation, governmental authorities in the u.s. and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.
we operate or may pursue opportunities in some jurisdictions, such as china, india, brazil, russia and africa, which pose potentially elevated risks of fraud or corruption or increased risk of internal control issues. in certain jurisdictions, compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. from time to time, we have conducted and will conduct internal investigations of the relevant facts and circumstances, control testing and compliance reviews, and take remedial actions, when appropriate, to help ensure that we are in compliance with applicable corruption and similar laws and regulations. in addition, frutarom grew through rapid acquisition and, as part of our integration efforts, we will be seeking to implement our anti-corruption and similar policies throughout a number of those acquired companies, many of which were not previously subject to these u.s. laws.
detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of the fcpa or similar laws is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management. we could be subject to inquiries or investigations by government and other regulatory bodies. any allegations of non-compliance with the fcpa or similar laws could have a disruptive effect on our operations in such jurisdiction over the near term, including interruptions of business or loss of third-party relationships, which may negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with the fcpa or similar laws could expose us to severe criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, significant fines, termination of necessary licenses and permits, and penalties or other sanctions that may harm our business and reputation.
our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights.
we rely on patents and trade secrets to protect our intellectual property rights. we often rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary fragrance and flavor formulations, as well as our extract methodologies, and processes for our nutraceutical, natural colors for food and natural antioxidants for food protection, as this does not require us to publicly file information regarding our intellectual property. from time to time, a third party may claim that we have infringed upon or misappropriated their intellectual property rights, or a third party may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to assert our intellectual property rights against third parties or to defend ourselves from third party assertions of invalidity, infringement or misappropriation or other claims. any settlement or adverse judgment resulting from such litigation could require us to obtain a license to continue to use the intellectual property rights that are the subject of the claim, or otherwise restrict or prohibit our use of such intellectual property rights. any required licensing fees may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. for those intellectual property rights that are protected as trade secrets, this litigation could result in even higher costs, and potentially the loss of certain rights, since we would not have a perfected intellectual property right that precludes others from making, using or selling our products or processes. the ongoing trend among our customers towards more transparent labeling could further diminish our ability to effectively protect our proprietary flavor formulations.
for intellectual property rights that we seek to protect through patents, we cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not later be opposed, invalidated, or circumvented. in addition, even if such rights are obtained in the us, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the us. if other parties were to infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if a third party successfully asserted that we had infringed on their intellectual property rights, it could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations by (i) reducing the price that we could obtain in the marketplace for products which are based on such rights, (ii) increasing the royalty or other fees that we may be required to pay in connection with such rights or (iii) limiting the volume, if any, of such products that we can sell.
our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation.
from time to time we are involved in a number of legal claims, regulatory investigations and litigation, including claims related to intellectual property, product liability, environmental matters and indirect taxes. for instance, product liability claims may arise due to the fact that we supply flavors and fragrances to the food and beverage, functional food, pharma/nutraceutical and personal care industries. our manufacturing and other facilities may expose us to environmental claims and regulatory investigations. in addition, as we expand our product offering into functional food, nutraceuticals, and natural antioxidants, we may also be subject to claims of false or deceptive advertising claims in the u.s., europe and other foreign jurisdictions in which we offer these types of products. these claims can arise as a result of function claims, health claims, nutrient content claims and other claims that impermissibly suggest therapeutic benefits for certain foods or food
22
components. the cost of defending these claims or our obligations for direct damages and indemnification if we were found liable could adversely affect our profitability and our results of operations.
as a result of the acquisition of frutarom, we assumed a number of legal claims, regulatory investigations and litigation and we may become involved in additional actions in the future arising from the acquired operations. specifically, as frutarom has a significantly greater number of facilities that are located globally and a significantly larger number of customers, our exposure to these type of environmental claims, product liability claims and regulatory investigations may increase. this could result in an increase in our cost for defense or settlement of claims or indemnification obligations if we were to be found liable in excess of our historical experience. our insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future claims and our current levels of insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. any of these factors, could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations.
our funding obligations for our pension and postretirement plans could adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.
the funding obligations for our pension plans are impacted by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity markets and interest rates. funding obligations are determined under government regulations and are measured each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date. if the financial markets do not provide the long-term returns that are expected under the governmental funding calculations, we could be required to make larger contributions. the equity markets can be very volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. similarly, changes in interest rates and legislation enacted by governmental authorities can impact the timing and amounts of contribution requirements. an adverse change in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our required contributions in the future and adversely impact our liquidity.
assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans are determined by us in consultation with outside consultants and advisors. in the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on assets, or expected health care costs, our future pension and postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease. due to changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liabilities and related costs and funding requirements.
any future impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets may adversely impact our profitability.
a significant portion of our assets consists of long-lived assets, including tangible assets such as our manufacturing facilities, and intangible assets and goodwill. as a result of numerous recent acquisitions, including the 2018 acquisition of frutarom, as of december 31, 2018, we had recorded approximately $8.4 billion of intangible assets and goodwill including goodwill and intangible assets related to our acquisitions. after the frutarom acquisition was completed, for instance, we recorded a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated financial statements. long-lived assets are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. for example, the amount of goodwill that we recorded from the frutarom acquisition could be subject to impairment based upon future adverse changes in our business or prospects, including our inability to recognize the benefits anticipated by the transaction. additionally, goodwill is subject to an impairment test at least annually. indicators such as under performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, changes in our strategy for its overall business or use of acquired assets, unexpected negative industry or economic trends, decreased market capitalization relative to net book values, unanticipated competitive activities, change in consumer demand, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts may signal that an asset has become impaired. to the extent any of our acquisitions do not perform as anticipated, whether due to internal or external factors, the value of such assets may be negatively affected and we may be required to record impairment charges. our results of operations and financial position in future periods could be negatively impacted should future impairments of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets or goodwill occur.
changes in our tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation, or changes in existing tax laws could expose us to additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results.
we are subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in liabilities for uncertain tax positions, cost of repatriations or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
we have and will continue to implement transfer pricing policies among our various operations located in different countries. these transfer pricing policies are a significant component of the management and compliance of our operations across international boundaries and overall financial results. many countries routinely examine transfer pricing policies of
23
taxpayers subject to their jurisdiction, challenge transfer pricing policies aggressively where there is potential non-compliance and impose significant interest charges and penalties where non-compliance is determined. however, governmental authorities could challenge these policies more aggressively in the future and, if challenged, we may not prevail. we could suffer significant costs related to one or more challenges to our transfer pricing policies.
we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and foreign tax authorities in those countries in which we operate, and we may be subject to assessments or audits in the future in any of the countries in which we operate. the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals, and while we do not believe the results that follow would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, such results could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made.
in addition, a number of international legislative and regulatory bodies have proposed legislation and begun investigations of the tax practices of multi-national companies and, in the european union, the tax policies of certain european union member states. one of these efforts has been led by the organisation for economic co-operation and development, an international association of 34 countries including the u.s., which has finalized recommendations to revise corporate tax, transfer pricing, and tax treaty provisions in member countries. since 2013, the european commission ("ec") has been investigating tax rulings granted by tax authorities in a number of european union member states with respect to specific multi-national corporations to determine whether such rulings comply with european union rules on state aid, as well as more recent investigations of the tax regimes of certain european union member states. under european union law, selective tax advantages for particular taxpayers that are not sufficiently grounded in economic realities may constitute impermissible state aid. if the ec determines that a tax ruling or tax regime violates the state aid restrictions, the tax authorities of the affected european union member state may be required to collect back taxes for the period of time covered by the ruling. in late 2015 and early 2016, the ec declared that tax rulings, related to other companies, by tax authorities in luxembourg, the netherlands and belgium did not comply with the european union state aid restrictions. if the ec were to successfully challenge tax rulings applicable to us in any of the member states in which we are subject to taxation, we could be exposed to increased tax liabilities.
the recently adopted u.s. tax legislation may result in additional tax liabilities that may affect our future results and profitability.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations. the tax act impacted our consolidated results of operations during 2018 and is expected to continue to impact our consolidated results of operations in future periods. in future periods, we expect that our effective tax rate will be impacted by the lower u.s. corporate tax rate that will initially be offset by the elimination of the deductibility of performance based incentive compensation, and other provisions of the tax act that may impact us prospectively. however, the ultimate impact of the tax act will depend on additional regulatory or accounting guidance that may be issued with respect to the tax act and any operating and structural changes that we may undertake to permit us to benefit from the new, lower u.s. tax rate prospectively. this could adversely affect our results of operations.
the potential government regulation of certain of our product development initiatives is uncertain, and we may be subject to adverse consequences if we fail to comply with applicable regulations.
as part of our ingredients research program, we seek to enhance our collaboration with research institutions and companies throughout the world, including biotechnology companies. however, it is unclear whether any of our product developments will be classified as genetically modified food products subject to regulation as a biotechnology product. the manufacture of biotechnology products is subject to applicable current good manufacturing practice (cgmp) regulations as prescribed by the food and drug administration and the applicable standards prescribed by european commission and the competent authorities of european union member states and to other rules and regulations prescribed by foreign regulatory authorities. compliance with these regulations can be expensive and time consuming. such regulation could also subject us to requirements for labeling and traceability, which may cause our customers to avoid our affected products and seek our competitors' products. this may result in our inability to realize any benefit from our investment and have an adverse effect on our operating results.
our business may be negatively impacted as a result of the united kingdom's expected departure from the european union in 2019.
24
we currently manufacture goods in the united kingdom for distribution in the european union and vice-versa and therefore may be adversely affected as a result of the united kingdom's expected departure from the european union in 2019. the united kingdom is expected to withdraw from the european union in march 2019, commonly referred to as "brexit". negotiations are still underway to determine the terms of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union. the progress and outcomes of brexit negotiations have, and may continue to, create global economic uncertainty, especially as customers and potential customers are unable to currently gauge the future regulations, and therefore costs, that will apply to their operations in the united kingdom, and between the united kingdom and the european union. the withdrawal could, among other outcomes, exacerbate the disruption of the free movement of goods, services and people between the united kingdom and the european union, undermine bilateral cooperation in key geographic areas and significantly disrupt trade between the united kingdom and the european union or other nations as the united kingdom pursues independent trade relations. in addition, brexit has caused legal uncertainty, which could last indefinitely, and may potentially create divergent national laws and regulations as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate.
the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the united kingdom makes to retain access to european union or other markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade and legal implications the withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union would have and how such withdrawal would affect us. adverse consequences concerning brexit or the european union could include deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(unless indicated otherwise, dollars in millions except per share amounts)
overview frutarom acquisition on october 4, 2018, we completed the acquisition of frutarom industries ltd. ("frutarom"). we acquired 100% of the equity of frutarom pursuant to a definitive agreement and plan of merger entered into on may 7, 2018. frutarom is an israeli company that, through its subsidiaries, develops, produces and markets tastes, flavors and fine ingredients used in manufacturing food, beverages, flavors and fragrances, pharma/nutraceuticals, cosmetics and personal care products, primarily focused on natural products. the acquisition was made in order to strengthen and broaden our customer base, capabilities and geographic reach, and is expected to result in exposure to more end markets, including those with a focus on naturals and health and wellness.
the consideration paid to frutarom shareholders was funded with (i) borrowings under our term loan credit agreement, (ii) amounts received from our offering of common stock that closed in september 2018, (iii) amounts received from our offering of teus that closed in september 2018, (iv) amounts received from our offering of €1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured euro-denominated notes that closed in september 2018, (v) amounts received from our offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured u.s. dollar-denominated notes that closed in september 2018 and (vi) the issuance of approximately 14.9 million shares of our common stock, which resulted in former frutarom shareholders holding approximately 14.0% of our outstanding common stock at closing.
the transaction was valued, based on our stock price as of october 4, 2018, at approximately $7 billion, including the assumption of approximately $695 million of frutarom's net debt, which we repaid concurrent with the closing of the transaction. frutarom's operating results have been included in our operating results from october 4, 2018.
company background we are a leading innovator of sensory experiences that move the world. we co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or touch. our expanded geographical footprint and product portfolio position us to better serve both our global customers and the growing regional, mid-sized and smaller specialty customers.
through the acquisition of frutarom, we increased our product portfolio with complementary adjacencies, such as natural colors, anti-oxidants for food preservation, nutraceuticals, ingredients for infant formula and proteins for elderly nutrition, and expanded core product lines with savory solutions aimed at the meat and fish industry, citrus and other naturals flavors, specialty ingredients and new cosmetic actives. as a result, we now have over 90,000 products within our portfolio that are provided to customers in approximately 195 countries, which includes a significant number of faster-growing small and mid-sized customers.
the 2018 combined sales of iff and frutarom, which combines the full year 2018 sales of both frutarom and iff, was approximately $5.1 billion which, management believes, makes us the second largest company in the taste, scent and nutrition industry. we expect that our combined cultures of innovation and partnership will allow us to further capitalize on this expansion to continue to offer our customers innovative and differentiated products. based on our 2018 combined sales, approximately 35% of our customers are global consumer products companies while approximately 65% of our customers are small and mid-sized companies.
during the past few years, through acquisitions and the development of tastepoint, we have leveraged our expertise to expand our north american mid-sized customer base. with the acquisition of frutarom, which was principally focused on serving small and mid-sized companies globally, we have significantly increased our exposure to these faster-growing customers.
we operate in three business segments, taste (previously "flavors"), scent (previously "fragrances") and, commencing upon its acquisition, frutarom. in 2018, our taste business represented 44% of our sales, our scent business represented 47% of sales and frutarom represented 9% of sales. based on our 2018 combined sales, our taste business represented 34% of sales, our scent business represented 36% of sales and frutarom represented 30% of sales.
we are a global leader in the creation of fragrance compounds that are integral elements in the world's finest perfumes and best-known consumer products within fabric care, home care, personal wash, hair care and toiletries products. our scent
36
business consists of fragrance compounds and fragrance ingredients. our fragrance compounds are defined into two broad categories, fine fragrances and consumer fragrances. consumer fragrances consists of five end-use categories of products: (1) fabric care, (2) home care, (3) personal wash, (4) hair care and (5) toiletries. fragrance ingredients consist of active and functional ingredients that are used internally and sold to third parties, including customers and competitors, and are included in the scent business unit.
flavors are the key building blocks that impart taste experiences in food and beverage products and, as such, play a significant role in determining consumer preference for the end products in which they are used. as a leading creator of flavor compounds, we help our customers deliver on the promise of delicious and healthy foods and drinks that appeal to consumers. while we are a global leader, our flavors business is more regional in nature, with different formulas that reflect local taste preferences. consequently, we manage our flavors business geographically, creating flavor compounds in our regional creative centers which allow us to satisfy local taste preferences, while also helping to ensure regulatory compliance and production standards. we develop thousands of different flavors and taste offerings for our customers, most of which are tailor-made. we continually develop new formulas to meet changing consumer preferences and customer needs. our flavor compounds are ultimately used by our customers in the following four end-use categories of consumer goods: (1) savory, (2) beverages, (3) sweet and (4) dairy.
our frutarom business creates and manufactures a naturals-focused suite of flavor compounds and specialty fine ingredients, largely targeting small, local and regional customers. our frutarom business seeks to capitalize on the health and wellness emphasis of consumers and deliver growth by offering customers natural flavor products that combine solutions to create natural colors, extending shelf life and natural functional food ingredients. frutarom's products are focused on three principal areas: (1) savory solutions, (2) natural product solutions, which includes natural health ingredients, natural color and natural food protection, and (3) taste solutions.
2018 financial performance overview sales in 2018 increased 17% on a reported basis and 15% on a currency neutral basis (which excludes the effects of changes in currency), with the effects of the frutarom acquisition contributing approximately 11% to reported growth rates and 10% to currency neutral growth rates. taste achieved reported sales growth of 6% and currency neutral sales growth of 5%. scent achieved sales growth of 6% on a reported basis and 4% on a currency neutral basis in 2018. from a geographic perspective, north america ("noam"), europe, africa and middle east ("eame"), greater asia ("ga") and latin america ("la") all delivered sales growth on a consolidated basis in 2018, led by eame.
overall, our 2018 results continued to be driven by our strong emerging market presence that represented 48% of total sales and experienced 17% growth on a reported basis and 16% growth on a currency neutral basis in 2018. we continue to benefit from our diverse portfolio of products and geographies and had sales growth in our taste and scent business units. both taste and scent benefited from new win performance (net of losses). exchange rate variations did not have a material impact on revenue in 2018. the effect of exchange rates can vary by business and region depending upon the mix of sales by country as well as the relative percentage of local sales priced in u.s. dollars versus local currencies. we saw currency neutral sales growth during each quarter of 2018.
our 25 largest customers accounted for 47% of total sales in 2018; this percentage has remained fairly constant for several years. sales to our largest customer across all end-use categories accounted for 9% to 12 % of our sales for each of the last three fiscal years. a key factor for commercial success is inclusion on our strategic customers' core supplier lists, which provides opportunities to win new business. we are on the core supplier lists of a large majority of our global and strategic customers within flavors and fragrances.
37
gross margin decreased 102 basis points ("bps") year-over-year, driven primarily by unfavorable price versus input costs (including the net impact of the basf supply disruption), which was only partially offset by cost savings and productivity initiatives. included in 2018 was $23.6 million of frutarom acquisition related inventory "step-up" costs, $1.7 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.1 million of integration related costs, offset by $7.1 million income from net insurance recoveries from the previously disclosed fda mandated product recall, compared to $15.9 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $11.0 million related to the fda mandated product recall, $1.8 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.5 million of integration related costs in 2017. excluding these items, adjusted gross margin decreased 142 bps compared to the prior year period.
operating profit increased $31.3 million to $583.9 million (14.7% of sales) in 2018 compared to $552.6 million (16.3% of sales) in 2017. included in 2018 were frutarom acquisition related costs of $89.6 million, integration related costs of $7.2 million, restructuring and other charges of $4.1 million and operational improvement initiative costs of $2.2 million, partially offset by $7.1 million in income from net insurance recoveries from the previously disclosed fda mandated product recall, acquisition related costs of $1.3 million and gain on sale of fixed assets of $1.2 million. included in 2017 were restructuring and other charges of $19.7 million, acquisition-related costs of $20.4 million, $11.0 million relating to an fda mandated product recall, reserve for payment of a tax assessment related to commercial rent for prior periods of $5.3 million, integration related costs of $4.2 million, pension settlement charges of $2.8 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $1.8 million and an additional charge related to litigation settlement of $1.0 million, partially offset by gain on sale of fixed assets of $0.2 million. excluding these charges, adjusted operating profit was $677.4 million for 2018, an increase from $618.6 million for 2017, principally driven by volume growth, the impact of foreign exchange, and cost and productivity initiatives which was partially offset by price to input costs (including the impact of the basf supply chain disruption) and increases selling and administrative expenses. foreign currency had a 3% favorable impact on operating profit in the 2018 period compared to a 1% unfavorable impact on operating profit in the 2017 period. operating profit as a percentage of sales, excluding the above charges, decreased from 17.0% for 2018 compared to 18.2% for 2017, principally driven by lower margins as a result of price to input costs (including the net impact of the basf supply chain disruption) and increases in selling and administrative expenses, offset by cost and productivity initiatives and new win performance (net of losses)
cash flows from operations were $437.6 million or 11.0% of sales in 2018 as compared to cash flows from operations of $390.8 million, or 11.5% of sales, during 2017. the increase in operating cash flows in 2018 as compared to 2017 was principally driven by lower litigation settlement and pension payments and higher net income, offset by higher net working (principally related to inventories).
our capital spend was $170.1 million (4.3% of sales) during 2018. in light of our requirement to begin relocating one of our fragrance ingredients facilities in china, the ongoing construction of new facilities in india and indonesia, and capital
38
requirements to integrate our recently acquired frutarom business, we expect that capital spending in 2019 will be about 5-6% of sales (net of potential grants and other reimbursements from government authorities).
effective the first quarter of 2018, we adopted new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition and the presentation of pension costs. the revenue recognition guidance was adopted effective the first day of fiscal 2018 and prior period amounts were not revised to conform to the new guidance. the adoption of the new revenue guidance did not have a material impact on our results of operations. the guidance related to the presentation of pension costs was applied retroactively and prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform to the new guidance. as noted in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the net effect of the change was to decrease operating profit and increase other income.
2019 outlook we believe that market conditions and the macro-economic environment will continue to be volatile in many markets in 2019 but that overall, there will be slight improvements as compared to recent years. pressures from increasing costs and the impact of supply chain disruptions related to key ingredients used in the flavors and fragrance industry may reduce our currency neutral operating profit growth in 2019.
during 2018, the raw material cost environment continued its recent upward trend. we believe that, for the next several quarters, we will continue to see higher costs of raw materials across a range of categories. raw material costs continue to be impacted by supply chain disruptions, mainly impacting our scent business unit. we continue to seek improvements in our margins through operational performance, cost reduction efforts and mix enhancement as well as integration savings with frutarom.
on a long-term basis, we expect that sales growth for the industry will generally be in line with the underlying assumptions that support our long-term strategic goals, albeit with some risk in the near term given the continuing global economic uncertainty. we believe changing social habits resulting from increased disposable income, improved focus on personal health and wellness awareness should help drive growth of our consumer product customers' businesses.
39
results of operations year ended december 31,                                        change
(dollars in thousands except per share amounts)                     2018                      2017                      2016          2018 vs. 2017          2017 vs. 2016
net sales                                                $3,977,539                $3,398,719                $3,116,350               17.0        %           9.1        %
cost of goods sold                                        2,294,832                 1,926,256                 1,720,787               19.1        %          11.9        %
gross profit                                              1,682,707                 1,472,463                 1,395,563
research and development (r&amp;d) expenses                 311,583                   295,469                   258,863                5.5        %          14.1        %
selling and administrative (s&amp;a) expenses               707,461                   570,144                   572,518               24.1        %          (0.4       )%
restructuring and other charges, net                          5,079                    19,711                    (1,700    )         (74.2       )%           nmf amortization of acquisition-related intangibles              75,879                    34,693                    23,763              118.7        %          46.0        %
gain on sale of fixed assets                                 (1,177    )                 (184    )              (10,836    )           nmf                  (98.3       )%
operating profit                                            583,882                   552,630                   552,955
interest expense                                            132,558                    65,363                    52,989              102.8        %          23.4        %
loss on extinguishment of debt                               38,810                         -                         -                  -        %             -        %
other income, net                                           (35,243    )              (49,778    )              (23,751    )         (29.2       )%         109.6        %
income before taxes                                         447,757                   537,045                   523,717
taxes on income                                             107,976                   241,380                   118,686              (55.3       )%         103.4        %
net income                                                 $339,781                  $295,665                  $405,031
net income attributable to non-controlling interest           2,479                         -                         -                nmf                    nmf net income attributable to iff stockholders                 337,302                   295,665                   405,031
net income per share - diluted                                $3.79                     $3.72                     $5.05                1.8        %         (26.3       )%
gross margin                                                   42.3    %                 43.3    %                 44.8    %        (101.9        )        (145.8        )
r&amp;d as a percentage of sales                                7.8    %                  8.7    %                  8.3    %         (86.0        )          38.7
s&amp;a as a percentage of sales                               17.8    %                 16.8    %                 18.4    %         101.1                 (159.6        )
operating margin                                               14.7    %                 16.3    %                 17.7    %        (158.0        )        (148.4        )
adjusted operating margin (1)                                  17.0    %                 18.2    %                 20.2    %        (117.2        )        (199.8        )
effective tax rate                                             24.1    %                 44.9    %                 22.7    %           nmf                    nmf segment net sales taste                                                    $1,737,349                $1,632,166                $1,496,525                6.4        %           9.1        %
scent                                                     1,880,630                 1,766,553                 1,619,825                6.5        %           9.1        %
frutarom                                                    359,560                         -                         -                nmf                    nmf consolidated                                             $3,977,539                $3,398,719                $3,116,350
nmf: not meaningful
_______________________
(1)   adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2018 excludes frutarom acquisition related costs of $89.6 million, integration related costs of $7.2 million, restructuring and other charges of $4.1 million, and operational improvement initiatives of $2.2 million, partially offset by fda mandated product recall of $7.1 million, acquisition related costs of $1.3 million, and gain on sale of assets of $1.2 million.
adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2017 excludes net legal charges/credits of $1.0 million, acquisition related costs of $20.4 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.2 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $1.8 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $19.7 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $11.0 million, uk pension settlement charge of $2.8 million, tax assessment of $5.3 million, and integration related costs of $4.2 million.
adjusted operating margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 excludes net legal charges/credits of $48.5 million, acquisition related costs of $12.2 million, gain on sale of assets of $7.8 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $2.4 million and restructuring and other charges, net of $0.3 million.
40
cost of goods sold includes the cost of materials and manufacturing expenses; raw materials generally constitute approximately 50% of total inventory. r&d expenses relate to the development of new and improved molecules and technologies, technical product support and compliance with governmental regulations. s&a expenses include expenses necessary to support our commercial activities and administrative expenses principally associated with staff groups that support our overall operating activities.
2018 in comparison to 2017
frutarom's operating results have been included in our operating results from october 4, 2018.
sales sales for 2018 totaled $4.0 billion, an increase of 17% from the prior year on a reported and 15% on a currency neutral basis. sales growth reflected new win performance (net of losses) and favorable price to input costs in both taste and scent. on a reported and currency neutral basis, the effect of the acquisition of frutarom was approximately 11% and 10%, respectively, to net sales amounts.
sales performance by segment was as follows:
% change in sales - 2018 vs. 2017
reported                     currency neutral(1)
taste      6        %                         5   %
scent      6        %                         4   %
frutarom   -        %                         -   %
total      17       %                        15   %
_______________________
(1)   currency neutral sales growth is calculated by translating prior year sales at the exchange rates for the corresponding 2018 period.
taste taste sales in 2018 increased 6% on a reported basis and 5% on a currency neutral basis versus the prior year period. overall growth was primarily driven by new win performance (net of losses) and price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs). the taste business delivered currency neutral growth across all regions.
sales growth in the taste business unit was led by noam, which were primarily driven by new wins and price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs), and followed by eame. ga and la sales growth was primarily driven by new wins.
scent scent sales in 2018 increased 6% on a reported basis and 4% on a currency neutral basis. year-over-year, 2018 sales growth reflected new win performance (net of losses) and price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs), which were partially offset by volume reductions on existing business.
sales growth in the scent business unit was led by ingredients, which were primarily driven by price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs), followed by fragrance compounds, primarily driven by new wins partially offset by volume reductions on existing business.
frutarom frutarom sales in 2018 were $359.6 million, which included approximately $264 million in sales of flavor compounds and approximately $97 million in sales of ingredient product categories.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold, as a percentage of sales, increased 102 bps, to 57.7% in 2018 compared to 56.7% in 2017. included in cost of goods sold was $23.6 million of frutarom acquisition related inventory "step-up" costs, $1.7 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives, and $0.1 million of integration related costs, partially offset by $7.1 million related to an fda mandated product recall, in 2018. for 2017, included in costs of goods sold was $15.9 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $11.0 million related to an fda mandated product recall, $1.8 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives, and $0.5 million of integration related costs.
41
research and development (r&d)
overall r&d expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 7.8% in 2018 compared to 8.7% in 2017. the decrease in 2018 was principally driven by the effect of the acquisition of frutarom which has a lower r&d spend as a percent of sales.
selling and administrative (s&a)
s&a expenses increased $137.3 million to $707.5 million, or 17.8% as a percentage of sales, in 2018 compared to $570.1 million, or 16.8% as a percentage of sales, in 2017. included in 2018 were frutarom acquisition related costs of $66.1 million and integration related costs of $6.1 million, partially offset by acquisition related costs of $1.3 million, compared to commercial real estate tax assessment charges of $5.3 million, acquisition and integration related costs of $4.5 million and $3.3 million, respectively, uk pension settlement charge of $1.9 million and net legal charges/credits, principally related to a litigation accrual of $1.0 million in 2017. excluding these costs, adjusted s&a expense increased by $82.5 million, but decreased to16.0% of sales in 2018 compared to 16.3% of sales in 2017. the improved leverage is principally due to a decline in personnel related costs and the impact of our acquisition of frutarom.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges primarily consist of separation costs for employees, including severance, outplacement and other benefit costs.
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)             2018   2017
taste                       $1,646                $4,505
scent                        3,433                13,077
global                           -                 2,129
total                       $5,079               $19,711
2017 productivity program on february 15, 2017, the company announced that it was adopting a multi-year productivity program designed to improve overall financial performance, provide flexibility to invest in growth opportunities and drive long-term value creation. in connection with this program, we expect to optimize our global footprint and simplify the company's organizational structures globally.
the company recorded $3.9 million and $20.6 million of charges related to personnel-related costs in 2018 and 2017, respectively, with no further anticipated personnel-related and other costs after the first quarter of 2019. the company made payments of $7.3 million and $14.0 million related to severance in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the overall charges were split approximately evenly between taste and scent. no charges were allocated to the frutarom segment. this initiative is expected to result in the reduction of approximately 370 members of the company's global workforce, including acquired entities, in various parts of the organization.
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles amortization expenses increased to $75.9 million in 2018 compared to $34.7 million in 2017. the increase of $41.2 million is principally due to the acquisition of frutarom.
operating results by business unit we evaluate the performance of business units based on segment profit which is defined as operating profit before restructuring and certain non-recurring items, interest expense, other expense, net and taxes on income. see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation to income before taxes.
42
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                              2018                    2017
segment profit:
taste                                      $395,190                $360,483
scent                                       329,548                 318,954
frutarom                                     27,358                       -
global expenses                             (74,730    )            (60,810    )
operational improvement initiatives          (2,169    )             (1,802    )
acquisition related costs                     1,289                 (20,389    )
integration related costs                    (7,188    )             (4,179    )
legal charges/credits, net                        -                  (1,000    )
tax assessment                                    -                  (5,331    )
restructuring and other charges, net         (4,086    )            (19,711    )
gain on sale of assets                        1,177                     184
fda mandated product recall                   7,125                 (11,000    )
uk pension settlement charges                     -                  (2,769    )
frutarom acquisition related costs(1)       (89,632    )                  -
operating profit                           $583,882                $552,630
profit margin taste                                          22.7    %               22.1    %
scent                                          17.5    %               18.1    %
frutarom                                        7.6    %                nmf consolidated                                   14.7    %               16.3    %
nmf: not meaningful
_______________________
(1)   includes $23.6 million related to amortization of inventory "step-up" costs.
taste business unit taste segment profit increased $34.7 million to $395.2 million (22.7% of segment sales) in 2018 from $360.5 million (22.1% of segment sales) in the comparable 2017 period. the increase principally reflected the impact of cost savings and productivity initiatives and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by increases in selling and administrative expenses.
scent business unit scent segment profit increased $10.6 million to $329.5 million in 2018, compared to $319.0 million reported in 2017 primarily due to new win performance (net of losses) and price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs), which were partially offset by volume reductions on existing business. segment profit as a percentage of segment sales decreased to 17.5% in 2018 from 18.1% in 2017 primarily due to the impact of unfavorable price versus input costs (including the net impact of the basf supply chain disruption) and increases in r&d and selling and administrative expenses, partially offset by new win performance (net of losses).
frutarom business unit frutarom segment profit was $27.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2018 (7.6% of segment sales), excluding $23.6 million related to amortization of inventory "step-up" costs.
global expenses global expenses represent corporate and headquarter-related expenses which include legal, finance, human resources and r&d and other administrative expenses that are not allocated to an individual business unit. in 2018, global expenses were $74.7 million compared to $60.8 million during 2017. the increase was principally driven by lower gains from our currency hedging program, offset by reductions in incentive compensation expense.
43
interest expense in 2018, interest expense increased $67.2 million to $132.6 million, compared to $65.4 million in 2017 primarily driven by $39.4 million of bridge loan commitment fees and $7.7 million of accrued, unpaid interest on the repurchased senior notes - 2007 and increased interest expense related to the public debt issued in 2018 to finance the acquisition of frutarom. average cost of debt was 4.3% for the 2018 period compared to 4.1% in 2017.
other (income) expense, net other income, net, decreased approximately $14.5 million to $35.2 million of income in 2018 versus $49.8 million of income in 2017. the decrease was largely driven by decreases in gains on foreign currency of approximately $8 million year over year as well as a decrease in pension related other net income.
loss on extinguishment of debt loss on extinguishment of debt was $38.8 million in the third quarter of 2018. the loss on extinguishment of debt is driven by a $34.9 million make whole payment on the senior notes - 2007 and a $3.9 million realized loss on the termination of a fair value hedge.
income taxes the effective tax rate was 24.1% in 2018 as compared to 44.9% in 2017. the year-over-year reduction principally relates to lower u.s. tax reform charges in 2018, partially offset by nondeductible frutarom acquisition costs, an unfavorable mix of earnings, lower loss provisions, and a lower level of reversals of valuation allowances on u.s. state deferred taxes. excluding $25.3 million related to the u.s. tax reform, frutarom acquisition costs of $28.5 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $1.6 million, integration related costs of $1.4 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $1.0 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $0.7 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.4 million and acquisition related costs of $0.3 million, the adjusted effective tax rate for 2018 was 18.4%. for 2017, the adjusted tax rate was 20.7% excluding $139.2 million related to the impact of the u.s. tax reform, legal charges/credits, net of $0.4 million, acquisition related costs of $6.5 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.1 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $0.5 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $5.5 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $3.9 million, uk pension settlement charge of $0.5 million, tax assessment of $1.9 million, and integration related costs of $1.3 million.
u.s. tax reform on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21% and establishing a modified territorial system requiring a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. beginning in 2018, the act also requires a minimum tax on certain future earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries while providing for future tax-free repatriation of such earnings through a 100% dividends-received deduction for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
the tax act impacted the company's consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required the company to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" is payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate.
during the first quarter of 2018, the company recorded an additional charge of $0.6 million to adjust an accrual related to withholding taxes on planned repatriations. during the second quarter of 2018, the company paid the first installment of the "toll charge". during the third quarter of 2018, the company recorded a benefit of $8.0 million to adjust the provisional "toll charge" required from the transition to the new territorial tax system, and a benefit of $0.2 million to adjust the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of u.s. tax reform. during the fourth quarter, the company completed its final assessment under sab 118, and recorded an additional charge of $32.8 million to adjust an accrual related to the u.s. state impact and foreign withholding taxes on planned repatriations. the charge in the fourth quarter of 2018 is consistent with the company's need to repatriate funds for debt repayment purposes.
44
2017 in comparison to 2016
sales sales for 2017 totaled $3.4 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior year on both a reported and currency neutral basis. sales growth reflected new win performance (net of losses) and the effects of acquisitions in both taste and scent. on both a reported and currency neutral basis, the effect of acquisitions was approximately 5% to net sales amounts.
sales performance by segment was as follows:
% change in sales - 2017 vs. 2016
reported              currency neutral(1)
taste        9   %                        10           %
scent        9   %                         9           %
total        9   %                         9           %
_______________________
(1)   currency neutral sales growth is calculated by translating prior year sales at the exchange rates for the corresponding 2018 period.
taste taste sales in 2017 increased 9% on a reported basis and 10% on a currency neutral basis versus the prior year period. acquisitions accounted for approximately 5% of the net sales growth on both a reported and currency neutral basis. overall growth was primarily driven by new win performance (net of losses) and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by decreases in volume. globally, taste growth included mid single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented approximately 49% of total taste sales.
sales growth in taste was led by noam followed by eame, la and ga, all primarily driven by new win performance (net of losses).
scent scent sales in 2017 increased 9% on both a reported basis and currency neutral basis. acquisitions accounted for approximately 5% of both reported and currency neutral sales growth. year-over-year, 2017 sales performance was led by new win performance (net of losses) and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by decreases in price. globally, scent growth included low single-digit growth in emerging markets. overall, emerging markets represented 47% of total scent's sales.
sales growth in scent was led by ingredients, primarily driven by price increases (principally due to increases in raw material input costs), followed by growth in fragrance compounds, primarily driven by new wins (net of losses) partially offset by volume reductions on existing business.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold, as a percentage of sales, increased 146 bps, to 56.7% in 2017 compared to 55.2% in 2016. included in cost of goods sold was $15.9 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $11.0 million related to an fda mandated product recall, $1.8 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives, and $0.5 million of integration related costs, in 2017. for 2016, included in costs of goods sold was $7.6 million of acquisition-related inventory "step-up" costs, $2.4 million of costs associated with operational improvement initiatives and $0.7 million of costs related to accelerated depreciation.
research and development (r&d)
r&d expenses, as a percentage of sales, remained relatively consistent with the prior year period at 8.7% in 2017 compared to 8.3% in 2016. the slight increase in 2017 was principally driven by recent acquisitions, and, to a lesser extent, incentive compensation.
selling and administrative (s&a)
s&a, as a percentage of sales, decreased 160 bps to 16.8% versus 18.4% (or 16.3% and 16.6% on an adjusted basis in 2017 and 2016, respectively). included in 2017 were commercial real estate tax assessment charges of $5.3 million, acquisition and integration related costs of $4.5 million and $3.3 million, respectively, uk pension settlement charge of $1.9 million and net legal charges/credits, principally related to a litigation accrual of $1.0 million, compared to net legal charges/credits,
45
principally related to a litigation accrual of $48.5 million, acquisition related costs of $4.5 million and severance costs related to the termination of a former executive officer of $1.4 million in 2016. during 2017, costs were higher as a result of recently acquired companies, offset by slightly lower legal and professional fees associated with various finance initiatives, and decreases in legal and patent fees.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges primarily consist of separation costs for employees, including severance, outplacement and other benefit costs.
for the year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)             2017   2016
taste                       $4,505             $(1,119     )
scent                       13,077             (581        )
global                       2,129             -
total                      $19,711             $(1,700     )
amortization of acquisition-related intangibles amortization expenses increased to $34.7 million in 2017 compared to $23.8 million in 2016. the increase of $10.9 million is principally due to the acquisitions of fragrance resources and powderpure in 2017, as well as recognizing a full year of amortization in 2017 from the acquisition of david michael as compared to 2016.
operating results by business unit we evaluate the performance of business units based on segment profit which is defined as operating profit before restructuring and certain non-recurring items, interest expense, other expense, net and taxes on income. see note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation to income before taxes.
for the year endeddecember 31,
(dollars in thousands)                               2017                        2016
segment profit:
taste                                     $360,483                    $330,221
scent                                      318,954                     326,705
global expenses                            (60,810      )              (48,352      )
operational improvement initiatives         (1,802      )               (2,402      )
acquisition related costs                  (20,389      )              (12,195      )
integration related costs                   (4,179      )                    -
legal charges/credits, net                  (1,000      )              (48,518      )
tax assessment                              (5,331      )                    -
restructuring and other charges, net       (19,711      )                 (322      )
gain on sale of assets                         184                       7,818
fda mandated product recall                (11,000      )                    -
uk pension settlement charges               (2,769      )                    -
operating profit                          $552,630                    $552,955
profit margin taste                                         22.1      %                 22.1      %
scent                                         18.1      %                 20.2      %
consolidated                                  16.3      %                 17.7      %
taste business unit taste segment profit increased $30.3 million to $360.5 million in 2017 (22.1% of segment sales) from $330.2 million (22.1% of sales) in the comparable 2016 period. the increase in segment profit and profit margin principally reflected productivity initiatives and solid top-line growth.
46
scent business unit scent segment profit decreased $7.8 million to $319.0 million in 2017 (18.1% of segment sales), compared to $326.7 million (20.2% of sales) reported in 2016. the decrease in segment profit and profit margin was principally driven by the impact of acquisitions and unfavorable price versus input costs, partially offset by volume growth and the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives.
global expenses global expenses represent corporate and headquarter-related expenses which include legal, finance, human resources and r&d and other administrative expenses that are not allocated to an individual business unit. in 2017, global expenses were $60.8 million compared to $48.4 million during 2016. the increase was principally driven by lower gains on our cash flow hedging program and higher incentive compensation costs.
interest expense in 2017, interest expense increased $12.4 million to $65.4 million, compared to $53.0 million in 2016 reflecting the impact of our issuance of senior notes - 2017 in the second quarter of 2017. average cost of debt was 4.1% for the 2017 period compared to 3.8% in 2016.
other (income) expense, net other income, net increased approximately $26.0 million to $49.8 million of income in 2017 versus $23.8 million of income in 2016. the increase was largely driven by gains on foreign currency of approximately $13 million in the current year versus approximately $5 million in the prior year, as well as proceeds from certain life insurance policies of approximately $4 million in 2017.
income taxes the effective tax rate was 44.9% in 2017 as compared to 22.7% in 2016. excluding $139.2 million related to the u.s. tax reform, legal charges/credits, net of $0.4 million, acquisition related costs of $6.5 million, gain on sale of assets of $0.1 million, operational improvement initiative costs of $0.5 million, restructuring and other charges, net of $5.5 million, fda mandated product recall costs of $3.9 million, uk pension settlement charge of $0.5 million, tax assessment of $1.9 million, and integration related costs of $1.3 million, the adjusted effective tax rate for 2017 was 20.7%. for 2016, the adjusted tax rate was 23.8% excluding $17.1 million, $4.1 million, $0.6 million and $0.1 million of tax benefits associated with pretax legal charges/credits, acquisition-related costs, operational improvement initiatives and restructuring related costs, respectively, as well as a $2.7 million tax charge related to the gain on sale of property. the year-over-year reduction principally reflects the reversal of certain valuation allowances on u.s. state deferred taxes.
u.s. tax reform on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations.
the tax act impacted our consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter and is expected to continue to impact our consolidated results of operations in future periods. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required us to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" will be payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate. given the significant complexity of the tax act, anticipated guidance from the u.s. treasury about implementing the tax act and the potential for additional guidance from the sec or the fasb, the company's provisional charge may be adjusted during 2018 and is expected to be finalized no later than the fourth quarter of 2018. other provisions of the tax act that impact future tax years are still being assessed. any material revisions in the company's computations could adversely affect its cash flows and results of operations.
based on our current assessment and understanding of the tax act and the company's current global operating structure, the company believes its effective tax rate will be approximately 21% in 2018. the impact of the tax act may differ from this estimate, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, additional
47
guidance that may be issued by the taxing authorities as well as operating and/or structural changes that the company may take as a result of the tax act.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents we had cash and cash equivalents of $634.9 million at december 31, 2018 compared to $368.0 million at december 31, 2017, of which $434.6 million of the balance at december 31, 2018 was held outside the united states. cash balances held in foreign jurisdictions are, in most circumstances, available to be repatriated to the united states.
effective utilization of the cash generated by our international operations is a critical component of our strategy. we regularly repatriate cash from our non-u.s. subsidiaries to fund financial obligations in the u.s. these repatriations totaled $155.1 million, $192.2 million and $134.5 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the tax act includes a mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017, and as a result, all previously unremitted earnings for which no u.s. deferred tax liability had been accrued were subject to u.s. tax and will not be subject to additional u.s. federal tax when repatriated. however, such distributions could be subject to foreign withholding or other taxes, including state taxes. we have repatriated $155.1 million during 2018 and anticipate repatriating amounts in the future to provide for the cash needs of our u.s. operations and to repay debt. we anticipate the relevant foreign withholding and other taxes, including state taxes, to be approximately $88.8 million and have recorded the deferred tax liabilities accordingly.
restricted cash as discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, restricted cash of $13.6 million relates to amounts escrowed related to certain payments to be made to former frutarom option holders in future periods.
cash flows from operating activities operating cash flows in 2018 were $437.6 million compared to $390.8 million in 2017 and $550.1 million in 2016. the increase in operating cash flows from 2017 to 2018 was principally driven by lower litigation settlement and pension payments and higher net income, offset by higher net working capital (principally related to inventories). the decrease in operating cash flows in 2017 as compared to 2016 was principally related to the impact of increased core working capital requirements (trade receivables, inventories and accounts payable) and due to payments on legal claims along with severance, integration and acquisition costs.
working capital (current assets less current liabilities) totaled $1.81 billion at year-end 2018 compared to $1.13 billion at december 31, 2017. this increase in working capital of $685.8 million primarily reflected increases in accounts receivable and inventory offset by increases in accounts payable and other current liabilities as compared to the prior year.
we sold certain accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to unrelated financial institutions under "factoring" agreements that are sponsored, solely and individually, by certain customers. we believe that participating in the factoring programs strengthens our relationships with these customers and provides operational efficiencies. we estimate that, as a result of participating in the programs, the beneficial impact on cash provided by operations decreased approximately $16.9 million in 2018, compared to an increase of approximately $7.6 million and $34 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the cost of participating in these programs was immaterial to our results in all periods.
cash flows used in investing activities net investing activities in 2018 utilized $5.0 billion compared to $299.9 million and $355.5 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash paid for investing activities was primarily driven by higher payments for acquisitions. in 2018, we acquired frutarom for approximately $7 billion (net of cash acquired) of which $4.9 billion was paid in cash. in 2017, we acquired fragrance resources and powderpure for approximately $137.5 million (net of cash acquired) and $54.2 million (net of cash acquired), respectively, in addition to a purchase price adjustment of $0.7 million related to david michael in 2017.
additions to property, plant and equipment were $170.1 million, $129.0 million and $126.4 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively (net of grants and other reimbursements from government authorities). these investments largely arise from our ongoing focus to align our manufacturing facilities with customer demand, primarily in emerging markets, and new technology consistent with our strategy.
in light of our requirement to begin relocating one of our fragrance ingredients facilities in china, the ongoing construction of new facilities in india and indonesia, and capital requirements to integrate our recently acquired frutarom
48
business, we expect that capital spending in 2019 will be about 5-6% of sales (net of potential grants and other reimbursements from government authorities).
cash flows provided by financing activities net cash provided by financing activities in 2018 increased to $4,870.7 million, compared to cash used in financing activities of $42.6 million and $34.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in 2018 versus 2017 was principally driven by frutarom related financing activities where we issued $3.3 billion of debt, including €1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2018 euro senior notes, $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2018 usd senior notes, $139.5 million aggregate principal amount of the amortizing note portion of the teus and $350 million aggregate principal amount of the term loan, as compared to $493.9 million of 2047 notes issued in 2017. we also issued $2.3 billion of equity in the third quarter of 2018 to finance the frutarom acquisition, including $1.6 billion of our common stock and $685.5 million of the stock purchase contract portion ("spc") of the teus. additionally, we repaid $288.8 million of our senior notes - 2007, including the loss on extinguishment of debt of $38.8 million.
at december 31, 2018, we had $4,553.1 million of debt outstanding compared to $1,639.2 million outstanding at december 31, 2017.
we paid dividends totaling $230.2 million, $206.1 million and $184.9 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the cash dividend declared per share in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $2.84, $2.66 and $2.40, respectively.
our capital allocation strategy is primarily focused on debt repayment to maintain our investment grade rating.  we will also prioritize capital investment in our businesses to support the strategic long term plans.  the company is also committed to maintaining its history of paying a dividend to investors determined by our board of directors ("board") at its discretion based on various factors, and finally will be very selective in pursuing value creating strategic m&a over the near term.
in december 2012, the board of directors authorized a $250.0 million share repurchase program, which commenced in the first quarter of 2013. in august 2015, the board of directors approved an additional $250 million share repurchase authorization and extension through december 31, 2017. based on the total remaining amount of $279.7 million available under the amended repurchase program as of october 31, 2017, the board of directors re-approved on november 1, 2017 a $250.0 million share repurchase authorization and extension for a total value of $300.0 million available under the program, which expires on november 1, 2022. based on the total remaining amount of $280 million available under the repurchase program, approximately 2.1 million shares, or 1.9% of shares outstanding (based on the market price and shares outstanding as of december 31, 2018) could be repurchased under the program as of december 31, 2018. on may 7, 2018, we announced that we were suspending our share repurchases until our deleveraging target is met following our acquisition of frutarom.
capital resources operating cash flow provides the primary source of funds for capital investment needs, dividends paid to shareholders and debt service repayments. we anticipate that cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facilities will sufficient to meet our investing and financing needs. we regularly assess our capital structure, including both current and long-term debt instruments, as compared to our cash generation and investment needs in order to provide ample flexibility and to optimize our leverage ratios. we believe our existing cash balances are sufficient to meet our debt service requirements.
as discussed above and in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, in connection with our acquisition of frutarom, we repaid the $250 million outstanding principal amount of the senior notes - 2007, plus accrued and unpaid interest of $7.7 million and a make whole payment of $34.9 million and $3.9 million realized loss on the termination of a fair value hedge, in addition to $695 million of frutarom's net debt concurrent with the closing of the transaction. in the next three years, we expect to reduce our net debt by repaying our outstanding liabilities upon maturity using the proceeds from operating cashflows and from the suspension of our share repurchase program.
during the fourth quarter of 2018, we acquired frutarom for approximately $7 billion (net of cash acquired). the cash portion of the consideration was approximately $5 billion, which was funded from the proceeds from issuing $3 billion in net new debt, issuing $2.3 billion in equity. we also issued of treasury shares worth $2.1 billion.
during the second quarter of 2017, we acquired powderpure for approximately $54.2 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
during the first quarter of 2017, we acquired fragrance resources for approximately $137.5 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
49
during the fourth quarter of 2016, we acquired david michael for approximately $237.5 million (net of cash acquired), which was funded from existing resources.
credit facility and senior notes we supplement short-term liquidity with access to capital markets, mainly through bank credit facilities and issuance of commercial paper.
commercial paper commercial paper issued by the company generally has terms of 90 days or less. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, there was no commercial paper outstanding. the revolving credit facility is used as a backstop for the company's commercial paper program. the maximum amount of commercial paper outstanding during 2018 and 2017 was $85 million and $107.5 million, respectively.
credit facility and term loan on may 21, 2018, june 6, 2018 and july 13, 2018, the company and certain of its subsidiaries amended and restated the company's existing amended and restated credit agreement with citibank, n.a., as administrative agent (as amended, the "amended credit facility") in connection with the acquisition of frutarom, to, among other things (i) extend the maturity date of the amended credit facility until june 6, 2023, (ii) increase the maximum ratio of net debt to ebitda on and after the closing date of the acquisition and (iii) increase the drawn down capacity to $1,000 million, consisting of a $585 million tranche a revolving credit facility (which provides for borrowings available in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen and/or british pounds sterling, with a sublimit of $25 million for swing line borrowings) ("tranche a") and a $415 million tranche b revolving credit facility (which provides for borrowings available in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs, japanese yen and/or british pounds sterling, with sublimits of €50 million and $25 million for swing line borrowings) ("tranche b" and, together with tranche a, the "revolving facility"). the interest rate on the revolving facility will be, at the applicable borrower's option, a per annum rate equal to either (x) an adjusted libor rate plus an applicable margin varying from 0.75% to 1.75% or (y) a base rate plus an applicable margin varying from 0.00% to 0.750%, in each case depending on the public debt ratings for non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the company. other terms and covenants under the amended credit facility remain substantially unchanged. the amended credit facility is available for general corporate purposes of each borrower and its subsidiaries. the obligations under the amended credit facility are unsecured and the company has guaranteed the obligations of each other borrower under the amended credit facility. the company pays a commitment fee on the aggregate unused commitments; such fee is not material.
on june 6, 2018, the company entered into a term loan credit agreement to replace a portion of the bridge loan facility, reducing the amount of the bridge loan commitments by $350 million. under the term loan credit agreement, the lenders thereunder committed to provide, subject to certain conditions, a senior unsecured term loan facility (as amended, "term loan") in an original aggregate principal amount of up to $350.0 million, maturing three years after the funding date thereunder. the proceeds from the term loan were received on october 3, 2018.
the term loan bears interest, at the company's option, at a per annum rate equal to either (x) an adjusted libor rate plus an applicable margin varying from 0.75% to 2.00% or (y) a base rate plus an applicable margin varying from 0.00% to 1.00%, in each case depending on the public debt ratings for non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the company. loans under the term loan will amortize quarterly at a per annum rate of 10.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans made under the term loan on the funding date, commencing december 31, 2018, with the balance payable on october 3, 2021. the company may voluntarily prepay the term loans without premium or penalty.
the amended credit facility and term loan contain various covenants, limitations and events of default customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers, including the requirement for us to maintain, at the end of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of net debt for borrowed money to adjusted ebitda in respect of the previous 12-month period, including the pro forma effect of the acquisition of frutarom, of not more than 4.5 to 1.0, which shall be reduced to 4.25 to 1.0 as of the end of september 30, 2019, 4.0 to 1.0 as of the end of march 31, 2020 and to 3.5 to 1.0 as of the end of march 31, 2021.
as of december 31, 2018 we had no of borrowings under our amended credit facility but $350 million outstanding for the term loan. the amount which we are able to draw down on under the amended credit facility is limited by financial covenants as described in more detail below. as of december 31, 2018, our draw down capacity was $1 billion on the amended credit facility and $350 million on the term loan. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the credit facility and loan.
50
at december 31, 2018 and 2017 we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants, including the net debt to adjusted ebitda ratio. at december 31, 2018 our net debt/adjusted ebitda(1) ratio was 3.56 to 1 as defined by the credit facility agreements, well below the financial covenants of existing outstanding debt. failure to comply with the financial and other covenants under our debt agreements would constitute default and would allow the lenders to accelerate the maturity of all indebtedness under the related agreement. if such acceleration were to occur, we would not have sufficient liquidity available to repay the indebtedness. we would likely have to seek amendments under the agreements for relief from the financial covenants or repay the debt with proceeds from the issuance of new debt or equity, and/or asset sales, if necessary. we may be unable to amend the agreements or raise sufficient capital to repay such obligations in the event the maturities are accelerated.
_______________________
(1)   adjusted ebitda and net debt, which are non-gaap measures used for these covenants, are calculated in accordance with the definition in the debt agreements. in this context, these measures are used solely to provide information on the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and may not be comparable to adjusted ebitda and net debt used by other companies. reconciliations of adjusted ebitda to net income and net debt to total debt are as follows:
(dollars in millions)                year ended december 31, 2018
net income                                     $432.0
interest expense                                148.4
income taxes                                    140.2
depreciation and amortization                   226.8
specified items(1)                              123.4
non-cash items(2)                                29.6
adjusted ebitda                              $1,100.4
_______________________
(1)   specified items for the 12 months ended december 31, 2018 of $123.4 million consist of acquisition related costs, operational improvement initiatives, integration related costs, restructuring and other charges, net, fda mandated product recall, and frutarom acquisition related costs.
(2)   non-cash items represent all other adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations as presented on the statement of cash flows, including stock-based compensation and gain on sale of assets.
(dollars in millions)           december 31, 2018
total debt                       $4,553.1
adjustments:
cash and cash equivalents          (634.9       )
net debt                         $3,918.2
senior notes
2047 notes. on may 18, 2017, we issued $500.0 million face amount of 4.375% senior notes ("2047 notes") due 2047 at a discount of $1.8 million. we received proceeds related to the issuance of these 2047 notes of $493.9 million which was net of the $1.8 million discount and $4.4 million in underwriting fees (recorded as deferred financing costs). in addition, we incurred $0.9 million in legal and professional costs associated with the issuance and such costs were recorded as deferred financing costs. in connection with the debt issuance, we entered into pre-issuance hedging transactions that were settled upon issuance of the debt and resulted in a loss of approximately $5.3 million. the 2047 notes bear interest at a rate of 4.375% per annum, with interest payable semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on december 1, 2017. the 2047 notes will mature on june 1, 2047. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the 2047 senior notes.
2024 euro notes. on march 14, 2016, we issued €500.0 million face amount of 1.75% senior notes ("2024 euro notes") due 2024 at a discount of €0.9 million. we received proceeds related to the issuance of these 2024 euro notes of €496.0 million which was net of the €0.9 million discount and €3.1 million underwriting discount (recorded as deferred financing costs). the 2024 euro notes bear interest at a rate of 1.75% per annum, with interest payable on march 14 of each year, commencing on march 14, 2017. the 2024 euro notes will mature on march 14, 2024. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the 2024 euro notes.
2023 notes. on april 4, 2013, we issued $300.0 million face amount of 3.20% senior notes ("2023 notes") due 2023 at a discount of $0.3 million. we received proceeds related to the issuance of these 2023 notes of $297.8 million which was net of
51
the $0.3 million discount and a $1.9 million underwriting discount (recorded as deferred financing costs). in addition, we incurred $0.9 million of other deferred financing costs in connection with the debt issuance. the discount and deferred financing costs are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2023 notes. the 2023 notes bear interest at a rate of 3.20% per year, with interest payable on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on november 1, 2013. the 2023 notes mature on may 1, 2023. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the 2023 notes.
senior notes - 2007. in september 2007, we issued an aggregate of $500.0 million of senior unsecured notes in four series, with $250.0 million due in 2017, $100.0 million due in 2019, $50 million due in 2022 and $100.0 million due in 2027. during the third quarter of 2017, the $250.0 million series note matured and was repaid in full. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the senior notes - 2007.
financing of the acquisition of frutarom bridge loan facility in connection with entering into the merger agreement with frutarom in may 2018, the company entered into a debt commitment letter for up to a $5.45 billion 364-day unsecured bridge loan facility to the extent the company had not received $5.45 billion of net cash proceeds (and/or qualified bank commitments) from a combination of (a) the issuance by the company of a combination of equity securities, equity-linked securities and/or unsecured debt securities and/or (b) unsecured term loans, in each case, at or prior to completion of the acquisition. on may 21, 2018, the company, morgan stanley senior funding, inc. and certain other financial institutions entered into a bridge joinder agreement to the commitment letter to provide for additional bridge commitment parties. as a result of the company's entering into the debt and equity financing as discussed above, the bridge loan facility was terminated on september 26, 2018. in connection with the bridge loan commitment, the company incurred $39.4 million of fees which are included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income in the year ended december 31, 2018.
senior unsecured notes on september 25, 2018 the company issued €300.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on september 25, 2021 (the "2021 euro notes"). the 2021 notes bear interest at a rate of 0.5% per year, payable annually on september 25 of each year, beginning september 25, 2019. total proceeds from the issuance of the 2021 notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were €297.7 million ($349.5 million in usd).
on september 25, 2018, the company issued €800.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on september 25, 2026 (the "2026 euro notes"). the 2026 notes bear interest at a rate of 1.8% per year, payable annually on september 25 of each year, beginning september 25, 2019. total proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were €794.1 million ($932.2 million in usd).
on september 26, 2018, the company issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on september 25, 2020 (the "2020 notes"). the 2020 notes bear interest at a rate of 3.4% per year, payable semi-annually on march 25 and september 25 of each year, beginning march 25, 2019. total proceeds from the issuance of the 2020 notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were $298.9 million.
on september 26, 2018, the company issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on september 26, 2028 (the "2028 notes"). the 2028 notes bear interest at a rate of 4.45% per year, payable semi-annually on march 26 and september 26 of each year, beginning march 26, 2019. total proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were $397.0 million.
on september 26, 2018, the company issued $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes that mature on september 26, 2048 (the "2048 notes" and collectively with the 2021 euro notes, 2026 euro notes, 2020 notes, 2028 notes, the "2018 senior unsecured notes"). the 2048 notes bear interest at a rate of 5.0% per year, payable semi-annually on march 26 and september 26 of each year, beginning march 26, 2019. total proceeds from the issuance of the 2048 notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were $787.2 million.
52
tangible equity units - senior unsecured amortizing notes on september 17, 2018, in connection with the issuance of the teus, the company issued $139.5 million aggregate principal amount of amortizing notes. the amortizing notes mature on september 15, 2021. each quarterly cash installment payment of $0.75 (or, in the case of the installment payment due on december 15, 2018, $0.73333) per amortizing note will constitute a partial repayment of principal and a payment of interest, computed at an annual rate of 3.79%. interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of twelve 30 day months. payments will be applied first to the interest due and payable and then to the reduction of the unpaid principal amount, allocated as set forth in the amortization schedule in the indenture governing the amortizing notes. see note 9 for further information on the teus.
there are no covenants or provisions in the indenture related to the teus that would afford the holders of the amortizing notes protection in the event of a highly leveraged transaction, reorganization, restructuring, merger or similar transaction involving the company that may adversely affect such holders. if a fundamental change occurs, or if the company elects to settle the spcs early, then the holders of the amortizing notes will have the right to require the company to repurchase the amortizing notes at a repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the amortizing notes as of the repurchase date plus accrued and unpaid interest. the indenture also contains customary events of default which would permit the holders of the amortizing notes to declare the notes to be immediately due and payable if not cured within applicable grace periods, including the failure to make timely installment payments on the notes or other material indebtedness, failure to give notice of a fundamental change and specified events of bankruptcy and insolvency.
other commitments compliance with existing governmental requirements regulating the discharge of materials into the environment has not materially affected our operations, earnings or competitive position. in 2018 and 2017, we spent $6.2 million and $27.9 million on capital projects and $21.7 million and $17.5 million, respectively, in operating expenses and governmental charges for the purpose of complying with such regulations. expenditures for these purposes will continue for the foreseeable future. in addition, we are party to a number of proceedings brought under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act or similar state statutes. it is expected that the impact of any judgments in or voluntary settlements of such proceedings will not be material to our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2018, we had contractual payment obligations due within the time periods as specified in the following table:
payments due total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years                  after 5 years
(dollars in millions)                                                 2019           2020 - 2021           2022 - 2023            2024 and thereafter borrowings(1)                       $4,595                     $45                  $1,074                  $300                      $3,176
interest on borrowings(1)            2,273                     144                     268                   226                       1,635
operating leases(2)                    390                      49                      79                    61                         201
pension funding obligations(3)          70                      23                      47                     -                           -
postretirement obligations(4)           60                       4                       8                     8                          40
purchase commitments(5)                136                     126                      10                     -                           -
u.s. tax reform toll-charge(6)          53                       5                       9                    13                          26
total                               $7,577                    $396                  $1,495                  $608                      $5,078
_______________________
(1)   see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our various borrowing facilities.
(2)   operating leases include facility and other lease commitments executed in the normal course of the business, including sale leaseback obligations included in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. further details concerning worldwide aggregate operating leases are contained in note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   see note 16 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our retirement plans. anticipated funding obligations are based on current actuarial assumptions. the projected contributions beyond fiscal year 2021 are not currently determinable.
(4)   amounts represent expected future benefit payments for our postretirement benefit plans.
53
(5)   purchase commitments include agreements for raw material procurement and contractual capital expenditures. amounts for purchase commitments represent only those items which are based on agreements that are enforceable and legally binding.
(6)   this amount represents the cash portion of the "toll charge" that is payable in installments over eight years beginning in 2018. this amount represents the seven remaining installments.
the table above does not include $48.9 million of the total unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and approximately $3 million of associated accrued interest, and $88.8 million associated with the deferred tax liability on deemed repatriation. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential cash flows, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the amount and period in which the remaining liabilities might be paid.
critical accounting policies and use of estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. as disclosed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and accompanying disclosures. these estimates are based on management's best judgment of current events and actions that we may undertake in the future. actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates.
those areas requiring the greatest degree of management judgment or deemed most critical to our financial reporting involve:
business combinations. from time to time we enter into strategic acquisitions in an effort to better service existing customers and to attain new customers. when we acquire a controlling financial interest in an entity or group of assets that are determined to meet the definition of a business, we apply the acquisition method described in asc topic 805, business combinations. in accordance with gaap, the results of the acquisitions we have completed are reflected in our financial statements from the date of acquisition forward.
we allocate the purchase consideration paid to acquire the business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. if during the measurement period (a period not to exceed twelve months from the acquisition date) we receive additional information that existed as of the acquisition date but at the time of the original allocation described above was unknown to us, we make the appropriate adjustments to the purchase price allocation in the reporting period the amounts are determined.
significant judgment is required to estimate the intangibles and fair value of fixed assets and in assigning their respective useful lives. accordingly, we typically engage third-party valuation specialists, who work under the direction of management, to assist in valuing significant tangible and intangible assets acquired.
the fair value estimates are based on available historical information, future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management, but are inherently uncertain.
we typically use an income method to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants, and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates, discount rate and profitability), royalty rates used in the relief of royalty method, customer attrition rates, product obsolescence factors, a brand's relative market position and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires significant judgment. all of our acquired intangible assets (e.g., trademarks, product formulas, non-compete agreements and customer relationships) are expected to have finite useful lives. our estimates of the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets are based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the regions in which the brands are sold.
the costs of finite-lived intangible assets are amortized through expense over their estimated lives. the value of residual goodwill is not amortized, but is tested at least annually for impairment as described in the following note. for acquired intangible assets, the remaining useful life of the trade names and trademarks, product formulas, and customer relationships was estimated at the point at which substantially all of the present value of cumulative cash flows have been earned.
the periodic assessment of potential impairment of goodwill. we currently have goodwill of $5.4 billion, of which $4.2 billion relates to our acquisition of frutarom and is subject to change upon completion of our allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from frutarom. the allocation of goodwill among reporting units has not yet been completed but will be completed within one year from the frutarom acquisition date, october 4, 2018.
54
in assessing the potential for impairment of goodwill, management uses the most current actual and forecasted operating data available and current market-based assumptions in accordance with the criteria in financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc") 350. the company has identified five reporting units: (1) flavor compounds, (2) fragrance compounds, (3) fragrance ingredients, (4) cosmetic actives ingredients and (5) frutarom. these reporting units were determined based on the level at which the performance is measured and reviewed by segment management. in the case of frutarom, the reporting unit determination is preliminary and is subject to change.
the company performs an annual goodwill impairment test for its reporting units by assessing the fair value of the reporting units based on discounted cash flows. if a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, the company will record an impairment charge based on that difference, and the impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. the company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of november 30, 2018, which indicated no impairment of goodwill as the estimated fair values substantially exceeded the carrying values of each of these reporting units, except for the recently acquired frutarom reporting unit for which the fair value is expected to approximate the carrying value.
the periodic assessment of potential impairment of finite-lived intangible assets. the company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in business conditions indicate that their full carrying value may not be recovered. an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by an asset or group of assets is compared to the carrying value to determine whether impairment exists. if assets are determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on an estimate of fair value using various valuation techniques, including a discounted estimate of future cash flows.
the analysis and evaluation of income taxes. we account for taxes under the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax return bases of assets and liabilities. a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. the assessment of the need for a valuation allowance requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future earnings, reversal of existing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. if actual experience differs from these estimates and assumptions, the recorded deferred tax asset may not be fully realized resulting in an increase to income tax expense in our results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. we first determine whether it is "more likely than not" that we would sustain our tax position if the relevant tax authority were to audit the position with full knowledge of all the relevant facts and other information. for those tax positions that meet this threshold, we measure the amount of tax benefit based on the largest amount of tax benefit that we have a greater than 50% chance of realizing in a final settlement with the relevant authority. those tax positions failing to qualify for initial recognition are recognized in the first interim period in which they meet the more likely than not standard. this evaluation is made at the time that we adopt a tax position and whenever there is new information and is based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. we maintain a cumulative risk portfolio relating to all of our uncertainties in income taxes in order to perform this analysis, but the evaluation of our tax positions requires significant judgment and estimation in part because, in certain cases, tax law is subject to varied interpretation, and whether a tax position will ultimately be sustained may be uncertain. we do not currently believe that any of our pending tax assessments, even if ultimately resolved against us, would have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") that significantly revised the u.s. tax code effective january 1, 2018 by, among other things, lowering the corporate income tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat 21%, limiting deductibility of interest expense and performance based incentive compensation, transitioning to a territorial system and creating new taxes associated with global operations.
the tax act impacted our consolidated results of operations during the 2017 fourth quarter. in particular, the transition to the new territorial tax system required us to record a one-time tax or "toll charge" which resulted in a provisional incremental tax expense of $100.6 million principally related to previously unremitted earnings on non-u.s. subsidiaries. the cash portion of the "toll charge" is payable in installments over 8 years beginning in 2018. in addition, the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate resulted in a provisional net deferred tax expense of $38.6 million related to the remeasurement of net deferred tax assets as a result of the reduction in the corporate income tax rate.
during the first quarter of 2018, the company recorded an additional charge of $0.6 million to adjust an accrual related to withholding taxes on planned repatriations. during the second quarter of 2018, the company paid the first installment of the "toll charge". during the third quarter of 2018, the company recorded a benefit of $8.0 million to adjust the provisional "toll charge" required from the transition to the new territorial tax system, and a benefit of $0.2 million to adjust the remeasurement
55
of net deferred tax assets as a result of u.s. tax reform. during the fourth quarter, the company recorded an additional charge of $32.8 million to adjust an accrual related to the u.s. state impact and foreign withholding taxes on planned repatriations, and completed its assessment under sab 118 with no further material change to the amounts previously recorded.
the tax act created significant international tax provisions, including a new category of income, global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). the company has elected to treat gilti as a current period cost if and when incurred. this tax position resulted in an $8.2 million income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the evaluation of potential litigation and environmental liabilities, where changing circumstances, rules and regulations require regular reassessment of related practices and anticipated costs. we are subject to certain legal claims regarding products and other matters, as well as environmental-related matters. significant management judgment is involved in determining when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the extent to which it can be reasonably estimated.
we regularly assess potential liabilities with respect to all legal claims based on the most recent available information, in consultation with outside counsel we have engaged on our behalf to handle the defense of such matters. to the extent a liability is considered to be probable and reasonably estimable, we recognize a corresponding liability; if the reasonably estimated liability is a range, we recognize that amount considered most likely, or in the absence of such a determination, the minimum reasonably estimated liability. to the extent such claims are covered by various insurance policies, we separately evaluate the right to recovery and estimate the related insurance claim receivable. management judgments involve determination as to whether a liability has been incurred, the reasonably estimated amount of that liability, and any potential insurance recovery.
we regularly evaluate potential environmental exposure in terms of total estimated cost and the viability of other potentially responsible parties ("prp's") associated with our exposure. recorded liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress and additional information becomes available. critical management assumptions relate to expected total costs to remediate and the financial viability of prp's to share such costs.
determination of the various assumptions employed in the valuation of pension and retiree health care expense and associated obligations. amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined from actuarial valuations. inherent in such valuations are assumptions including expected return on plan assets, discount rates at which the liabilities could be settled, rates of increase in future compensation levels, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. these assumptions are updated annually and are disclosed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. in accordance with gaap, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense recognized and obligations recorded in future periods.
we consider a number of factors in determining and selecting assumptions for the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. we consider the historical long-term return experience of our assets, the current and expected allocation of our plan assets, and expected long-term rates of return. we derive these expected long-term rates of return with the assistance of our investment advisors. we base our expected allocation of plan assets on a diversified portfolio consisting of domestic and international equity securities, fixed income, real estate, and alternative asset classes.
we consider a variety of factors in determining and selecting our assumptions for the discount rate at december 31. for the u.s. plans, the discount rate was based on the internal rate of return for a portfolio of high quality bonds rated aa or higher by either moody's or standard & poor's with maturities that are consistent with the projected future benefit payment obligations of the plan. for the non-u.s. plans, the discount rates were determined by region and are based on high quality long-term corporate bonds. consideration has been given to the duration of the liabilities in each plan when selecting the bonds to be used in determining the discount rate. the rate of compensation increase for all plans and the medical cost trend rate for the applicable u.s. plans are based on plan experience.
with respect to the u.s. plans, the expected rate of return on plan assets was determined based on an asset allocation model using the current target allocation, real rates of return by asset class and an anticipated inflation rate. the target asset allocation consists of approximately: 20% in equity securities and 80% in fixed income securities. the plan has achieved a compounded annual rate of return of 4.9% over the previous 20 years. at december 31, 2018, the actual asset allocation for the u.s. plan was: 1% cash and cash equivalents, 25% in equity securities and 74% in fixed income securities.
the expected rate of return for the non-u.s. plans employs a similar set of criteria adapted for local investments, inflation rates and in certain cases specific government requirements. the target asset allocation, for the non-u.s. plans, consists of approximately: 40% - 70% in fixed income securities; 15% - 40% in equity securities; 5% - 20% in real estate; and 5% - 10% in alternative investments. at december 31, 2018, the actual asset allocation for the non-u.s. plan was: 36% in fixed income investments; 12% in equity investments; 8% in real estate investments, 3% in cash and cash equivalents and 41% in alternative investments.
56
changes in pension and other post-employment benefits, and associated expenses, may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. the impact that a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate or a 1% change in the medical cost trend rate would have on our pension and other post-employment benefit expense, as applicable, is as follows:
sensitivity of disclosures to changes in selected assumptions
25 bp decrease indiscount rate                          25 bp decrease indiscount rate                25 bp decrease inlong-term rateof return
(dollars in thousands)        change inpbo                      change inabo          change inpension expense                      change inpension expense u.s. pension plans            $14,603                         $14,524                 $(102                     )                   $1,248
non-u.s. pension plans        46,475                           44,628                 2,710                                         1,911
postretirement benefit plan   n/a                               1,638          44                                                   n/a the effect of a 1% increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and the annual postretirement expense by approximately $0.3 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively; a 1% decrease in the rate would decrease the obligation and expense by approximately $0.3 million and less than $0.1 million, respectively.
the ongoing assessment of the valuation of inventory, given the large number of natural ingredients employed, the quality of which may be diminished over time. we hold a majority of our inventory as raw materials, providing the greatest degree of flexibility in manufacture and use. as of december 31, 2018, we maintained 53% of our inventory as raw materials. materials are evaluated based on shelf life, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in product/sales mix. management policy provides for an ongoing assessment of inventory with adjustments recorded when an item is deemed to be slow moving or obsolete.
redeemable non-controlling interest. through some of our subsidiaries, we assume certain non-controlling interests that carry redemption features. non-controlling interests, where we may be required to repurchase the non-controlling interest under a put option or other contractual redemption requirement, are reported in the consolidated balance sheet between liabilities and equity, as redeemable non-controlling interest. we adjust the redeemable non-controlling interests when the redemption value exceeds the carrying value with changes recognized as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital.
overall, we believe that we have considered relevant circumstances that we may be currently subject to, and the financial statements accurately reflect our best estimate of the impact of these items in our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for the years presented. we have discussed the decision process and selection of these critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors.
new accounting standards please refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
revenue recognition - adoption of asc 606
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers", with subsequent amendments, that provides for a comprehensive model to be used in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers (asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers) (the "revenue standard"). under the revenue standard, revenue is recognized to reflect the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. companies have the option to apply the new guidance under a retrospective approach to each prior reporting period presented or a modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially applying the new guidance recognized at the date of initial application within the consolidated balance sheet. the new revenue standard became effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and we have adopted the new revenue standard using the modified retrospective approach on december 30, 2017, the first day of our 2018 fiscal year.
we create and manufacture flavors and fragrances. approximately 90% of our products, principally flavor compounds and fragrance compounds, are customized to customer specifications and have no alternative use other than the sale to the specific customer ("compounds products"). the remaining revenue is derived largely from ingredients products that, generally, are commodity products with alternative uses and not customized ("ingredients products").
with respect to the vast majority of our contracts for compounds products, we currently recognize revenue on the transfer of control of the product at a point in time as we do not have an "enforceable right to payment for performance to
57
date" (as set out in the revenue standard). with respect to a small number of contracts for the sale of compounds, we have an "enforceable right to payment for performance to date" and as the products do not have an alternative use, we recognize revenue for these contracts over time and record a contract asset using the output method. the output method recognizes revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value to the customer of the goods or services transferred to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract.
with respect to our contracts related to ingredients products, we currently recognize revenue on the transfer of control of the product at a point in time as such products generally have alternative uses and we do not have an "enforceable right to payment for performance to date."
as we adopted the revenue standard using the modified retrospective method effective the first day of its 2018 fiscal year, results for our 2018 fiscal year are presented under the revenue standard while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic accounting under asc topic 605, which required that revenue was accounted for when the earnings process was complete.
we recorded a net increase to retained earnings of $2.1 million as of the first day of its 2018 fiscal year due to the cumulative impact of adopting the revenue standard. in connection with the adjustment to retained earnings, we also recorded an increase of $4.4 million in contract assets (which are included in prepaid expenses and other assets), a decrease of $1.7 million in inventory, and an increase in taxes payable of $0.6 million.
the impact to revenues, gross profit and net income for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 were reductions of $4.0 million, $2.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively, as a result of applying the revenue standard as compared to the amounts that would have been recognized under asc topic 605.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when control of the promised goods is transferred to its customers in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. sales, value add, and other taxes we collect are excluded from revenues. we receive payment in accordance with standard customer terms.
the following table presents our revenues disaggregated by product categories:
december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                2018                  2017(a)                  2016(a)
flavor compounds            $1,990,985              $1,632,166               $1,496,525
fragrance compounds          1,496,493               1,424,612                1,303,653
ingredients                    490,061                 341,941                  316,172
total revenues              $3,977,539              $3,398,719               $3,116,350
_______________________
(a)   prior period amounts have not been adjusted based on the modified retrospective method.
the following table presents our revenues disaggregated by region, based on the region of our customers:
december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                        2018                  2017(a)                  2016(a)
europe, africa and middle east      $1,396,315              $1,065,596                 $964,931
greater asia                           991,015                 903,546                  880,040
north america                        1,010,126                 901,821                  769,081
latin america                          580,083                 527,756                  502,298
total revenues                      $3,977,539              $3,398,719               $3,116,350
_______________________
(a)   prior period amounts have not been adjusted based on the modified retrospective method.
58
flavor and fragrance compounds revenues we account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties and payment terms (which vary by customer) are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable. consistent with our past practice, the amount of revenue recognized is adjusted at the time of sale for expected discounts and rebates ("variable consideration").
we generate revenues primarily by manufacturing customized taste and scent compounds for the exclusive use of our customers. we combine the shipment of goods with their manufacture to account for both shipment and manufacture as the sole performance obligation.
with respect to the vast majority of our contracts for compounds products, we recognize a sale at the point in time when it ships the product from its manufacturing facility to its customer, as this is the time when control of the goods has transferred to the customer. the amount of consideration received and revenue recognized is impacted by the variable consideration the company has agreed with its customers. we estimate variable consideration amounts for each customer based on the specific agreement, an analysis of historical volumes and the current activity with that customer. we reassess our estimates of variable consideration at each reporting date throughout the contract period and updates the estimate until the uncertainty is resolved. during the current period, changes to estimates of variable consideration have been immaterial.
with respect to a small number of contracts for the sale of compounds products, we recognize revenue over time as it manufactures customized compounds that do not have an alternative use and for which the contracts provide us with an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit, at all times during the contract term commencing with the manufacturing of the goods. when revenue is recognized over time, the amount of revenue recognized is based on the extent of progress towards completion of the promised goods. we generally use the output method to measure progress for its contracts as this method reflects the transfer of goods to the customer. once customization begins, the manufacturing process is generally completed within a two week period. due to the short time frame for production, there is little estimation uncertainty in the process. in addition, due to the customized nature of our products, our returns are not material.
ingredients revenues we account for a contract when it has approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties and payment terms (which vary by customer) are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability of consideration is probable.
we generate revenues primarily by manufacturing ingredients products for the use of our customers. we combine the shipment of goods with their manufacture to account for both shipment and manufacture as the sole performance obligation.
generally, we recognize a sale at the time when it ships the product from their manufacturing facility to their customer, as this is the point when control of the goods or services has transferred to the customer. the amount of consideration received and revenue recognized is impacted by discounts offered to its customers. we estimate discounts based on an analysis of historical experience and current activity. we assess our estimates of discounts at each reporting date throughout the contract period and updates its estimates until the uncertainty has been resolved. during the current period, changes to estimates of discounts have been immaterial.
59
contract asset and accounts receivable the following table reflects the balances in our contract assets and accounts receivable for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017:
december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                    2018   2017
receivables (included in trade receivables)       946,938             677,055
contract asset - short term                           487               4,499
non-gaap financial measures we use non-gaap financial operating measures in this form 10-k, including: (i) currency neutral sales (which eliminates the effects that result from translating its international sales in u.s. dollars), (ii) adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross margin (which exclude operational improvement initiatives, acquisition related costs, integration related costs, fda mandated product recall and frutarom acquisition related costs), (iii) adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin (which excludes operational improvement initiatives, acquisition related costs, integration related costs, legal charges/credits, net, tax assessment, restructuring and other charges, net, gain on sale of assets, fda mandated product recall, uk pension settlement charges and frutarom acquisition related costs), and (iv) adjusted selling and administrative expenses (which excludes acquisition related costs, integration related costs, legal charges/credits, net, tax assessment, uk pension settlement charges and frutarom acquisition related costs) and (v) adjusted effective tax rate (which excludes operational improvement initiatives, acquisition related costs, integration related costs, legal charges/credits, net, tax assessment, restructuring and other charges, net, cta realization, fda mandated product recall, uk pension settlement charges, u.s. tax reform and frutarom acquisition related costs). we also provide the non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda (which excludes certain specified items and non-cash items as set forth in the company's debt agreements) and net debt (which is adjusted for deferred gain on interest rate swaps and cash and cash equivalents) solely for the purpose of providing information on the extent to which the company is in compliance with debt covenants contained in its debt agreements.
in addition, the frutarom acquisition related costs have been separated from costs related to prior acquisitions. the frutarom acquisition costs represent a significant balance and we believe this amount should be shown separately to provide an accurate presentation of the acquisition related costs. our gaap results and gaap metrics do not change and this change has no effect on day to day business operations, or how we manage our business.
we have included each of these non-gaap measures in order to provide additional information regarding our underlying operating results and comparable year-over-year performance. such information is supplemental to information presented in accordance with gaap and is not intended to represent a presentation in accordance with gaap. in discussing our historical and expected future results and financial condition, we believe it is meaningful for investors to be made aware of and to be assisted in a better understanding of, on a period-to-period comparable basis, financial amounts both including and excluding these identified items, as well as the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. we believe such additional non-gaap information provides investors with an overall perspective of the period-to-period performance of our business. in addition, management internally reviews each of these non-gaap measures to evaluate performance on a comparative period-to-period basis in terms of absolute performance, trends and expected future performance with respect to our business. a material limitation of these non-gaap measures is that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by using these measures as one of several metrics, including gaap measures. these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
60
a. reconciliation of non-gaap metrics reconciliation of gross profit year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2018   2017
reported (gaap)                              $1,682,707                  $1,472,463
operational improvement initiatives (a)           1,650                       1,802
acquisition related costs (b)                         -                      15,860
integration related costs (c)                       102         480
fda mandated product recall (h)                  (7,125     )                11,000
frutarom acquisition related costs (k)           23,550                           -
adjusted (non-gaap)                          $1,700,884                  $1,501,605
reconciliation of selling and administrative expenses year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                       2018   2017
reported (gaap)                                 $707,461                            $570,144
acquisition related costs (b)                      1,289                              (4,529        )
integration related costs (c)                     (6,060        )                     (3,258        )
legal charges/credits, net (d)                         -                              (1,000        )
tax assessment (e)                                     -                              (5,331        )
uk pension settlement charges (i)                      -                              (1,882        )
frutarom acquisition related costs (k)           (66,082        )                          -
adjusted (non-gaap)                             $636,608                            $554,144
reconciliation of operating profit year ended december 31,
(dollars in thousands)                                   2018   2017
reported (gaap)                               $583,882                    $552,630
operational improvement initiatives (a)          2,169                       1,802
acquisition related costs (b)                   (1,289      )               20,389
integration related costs (c)                    7,188                       4,179
legal charges/credits, net (d)                       -                       1,000
tax assessment (e)                                   -                       5,331
restructuring and other charges, net (f)         4,086                      19,711
gain on sale of assets                          (1,177      )                 (184      )
fda mandated product recall (h)                 (7,125      )               11,000
uk pension settlement charges (i)                    -                       2,769
frutarom acquisition related costs (k)          89,632                           -
adjusted (non-gaap)                           $677,366                    $618,627
61
reconciliation of net income and eps year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                                                                           2017
(dollars in thousands)                          income before taxes            taxes on income (m)            net income attribut-able to iff(n)             diluted eps (o)            income before taxes            taxes on income (m)            net income attribut-able to iff           diluted eps reported (gaap)                                   $447,757                       $107,976                                 $337,302                             $3.79                      $537,045                       $241,380                               $295,665                        $3.72
operational improvement initiatives (a)              2,169            694                                                    1,475                              0.02                         1,802                            450                                  1,352                         0.02
acquisition related costs (b)                       (1,289        )                  (311        )                            (978             )               (0.01       )                20,389                          6,514                                 13,875                         0.17
integration related costs (c)                        7,188                          1,397                                    5,791                              0.07                         4,179                          1,331                                  2,848                         0.03
legal charges/credits, net (d)                           -                              -                                        -                                 -                         1,000                            354            646                                                 0.01
tax assessment (e)                                       -                              -                                        -                                 -                         5,331                          1,885                                  3,446                         0.04
restructuring and other charges, net (f)             4,086                          1,020                                    3,066                              0.03                        19,711                          5,465                                 14,246                         0.17
gains on sale of assets                             (1,177        )                  (352        )                            (825             )               (0.01       )                  (184        )                   (59        )                          (125            )               -
cta realization (g)                                      -                              -                                        -                                 -                       (12,217        )                     -                                (12,217            )           (0.15     )
fda mandated product recall (h)                     (7,125        )                (1,601        )                          (5,524             )               (0.06       )                11,000                          3,890                                  7,110                         0.09
uk pension settlement charges (i)                        -                              -                                        -                                 -                         2,769                            526                                  2,243                         0.03
u.s. tax reform (j)                                      -                        (25,345        )                          25,345                              0.29                             -                       (139,172        )                       139,172                         1.76
frutarom acquisition related costs (k)             155,569                         28,490                                  127,079                              1.44                             -                              -                                      -                            -
redemption value adjustment to eps (l)                   -                              -                                        -                              0.03                             -                              -                                      -                            -
adjusted (non-gaap)                               $607,178                       $111,968                                 $492,731                             $5.58                      $590,825                       $122,564                               $468,261                        $5.89
(a)   for 2018, represents accelerated depreciation related to a plant relocation in india and taiwan asset write off. for 2017, represents accelerated depreciation and idle labor costs in hangzhou, china.
(b)   for 2018, represents adjustments to the contingent consideration payable for powderpure, and transaction costs related to fragrance resources and powderpure within selling and administrative expenses. for 2017, represents the amortization of inventory "step-up" included in cost of goods sold and transaction costs related to the acquisitions of fragrance resources and powderpure within selling and administrative expenses.
(c)   for 2018, represents costs related to the integration of the frutarom acquisition. for 2017, represents costs related to the integration of the david michael and fragrance resources acquisitions.
(d)   represents additional charge related to litigation settlement.
(e)   represents the reserve for payment of a tax assessment related to commercial rent for prior periods.
(f)   for 2018, represents severance costs related to the 2017 productivity program and costs associated with the termination of agent relationships in a subsidiary. for 2017, represents severance costs related to the 2017 productivity program.
(g)   represents the release of cta related to the liquidation of a foreign entity.
(h)   for 2018, principally represents recoveries from the supplier for the third and fourth quarter, partially offset by final payments to the customer made for the effected product in the first quarter. for 2017, represents management's best estimate of losses related to the previously disclosed fda mandated recall.
(i)   represents pension settlement charges incurred in one of the company's uk pension plans.
(j)   for 2017, represents charges incurred related to enactment of certain u.s. tax legislation changes in december 2017, including $38.6 million related to net adjustments on deferred tax assets, and $100.6 million related to taxes on deemed repatriation of earnings. for 2018, represents additional expense based on updated repatriation plans requiring accruals for withholding taxes on deemed repatriation.
(k)   represents transaction-related costs and expenses related to the acquisition of frutarom. amount primarily includes $23.5 million of amortization for inventory "step-up" costs, $39.4 million of bridge loan commitment fees included in interest expense; $34.9 million make whole payment on the senior notes - 2007 and $3.9 million realized loss on a fair value hedge included in loss on extinguishment of debt; $12.5 million realized gain on a foreign currency derivative included in other income; and $66.0 million of transaction costs included in selling and administrative expenses.
(l)   represents the adjustment to eps related to the excess of the redemption value of certain redeemable noncontrolling interests over their existing carrying value.
62
(m)   except for amortization, the income tax expense (benefit) on non-gaap adjustments is computed in accordance with asc 740 using the same methodology as the gaap provision of income taxes. income tax effects of non-gaap adjustments are calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate for each jurisdiction in which such charges were incurred, except for those items which are non-taxable for which the tax expense (benefit) was calculated at 0%. for fiscal year 2018, these non-gaap adjustments were not subject to foreign tax credits or valuation allowances, but to the extent that such factors are applicable to any future non-gaap adjustments we will take such factors into consideration in calculating the tax expense (benefit). for amortization, the tax benefit has been calculated based on the company's adjusted worldwide effective tax rate.
(n)   for 2018, net income is reduced by income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $2.5m.
(o)   the sum of these items does not foot due to rounding.
b. foreign currency reconciliation operating profit year ended december 31,
2018                                                                         2017
% change - reported (gaap)                                              6%                  2%
items impacting comparability (1)                                       4%                  2%
% change - adjusted (non-gaap)                                         10%                  4%
currency impact                                                       (3)%                  1%
% change year-over-year - currency neutral adjusted (non-gaap)**        7%                  5%
_______________________
(1)  includes items impacting comparability of $93.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and includes $66.0 million of items impacting comparability for the year ended december 31, 2017.
** currency neutral amount is calculated by translating prior year amounts at the exchange rates used for the corresponding 2018 period. currency neutral operating profit also eliminates the year-over-year impact of cash flow hedging.
cautionary statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
statements in this form 10-k, which are not historical facts or information, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements are based on management's current assumptions, estimates and expectations and include statements concerning (i) our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the frutarom acquisition, including our ability to capitalize on future growth opportunities and offer our customers innovative and differentiated products and our ability to achieve the cost-savings synergies; (ii) our ability to achieve long-term sustainable growth and increase shareholder value, (ii) the growth potential of the markets in which we operate, including the emerging markets, (iii) our expectations regarding our ingredients business, (iv) our expectations regarding percentage of revenues that will be attributed to research and development in 2019; (v) expected developments in the regulatory regime in which we operate; (vi) our expectations regarding future price volatility of raw materials; (vi) our expectations regarding the impact of litigation; (vii) expected capital expenditures and cost pressures in 2019, (viii) expectations regarding our 2017 productivity program; (ix) our ability to innovate and execute on specific consumer trends and demands, and (x) our ability to reduce our net debt levels over the next three years. these forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties inherent in our business that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. certain of such forward-looking information may be identified by such terms as "expect", "anticipate", "believe", "intend", "outlook", "may", "estimate", "should", "predict" and similar terms or variations thereof. such forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the company, are not guarantees of future results or performance, and involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, including assumptions and projections, for all forward periods. our actual results may differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. such factors include, among others, the following:
•   risks related to the integration of the frutarom business, including whether we will realize the benefits anticipated from the acquisition in the expected time frame;
•   unanticipated costs, liabilities, charges or expenses resulting from the frutarom acquisition;
•   the increase in our leverage resulting from the additional debt incurred to pay a portion of the consideration for frutarom and its impact on our liquidity and ability to return capital to its shareholders;
•   our ability to successfully market to its expanded and decentralized taste and frutarom customer base;
•   our ability to effectively compete in its market and develop and introduce new products that meet customers' needs;
63
•   our ability to successfully develop innovative and cost-effective products that allow customers to achieve their own profitability expectations;
•   the impact of the disruption in our manufacturing operations;
•   the impact of a disruption in our supply chain, including the inability to obtain ingredients and raw materials from third parties;
•   volatility and increases in the price of raw materials, energy and transportation;
•   our ability to comply with, and the costs associated with compliance with, regulatory requirements and industry standards, including regarding product safety, quality, efficacy and environmental impact;
•   the impact of any failure or interruption of our key information technology systems or a breach of information security;
•   our ability to react in a timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer preferences and demands;
•   our ability to establish and manage collaborations, joint ventures or partnership that lead to development or commercialization of products;
•   our ability to benefit from its investments and expansion in emerging markets;
•   the impact of currency fluctuations or devaluations in the principal foreign markets in which it operates;
•   economic, regulatory and political risks associated with our international operations;
•   the impact of global economic uncertainty on demand for consumer products;
•   the inability to retain key personnel;
•   our ability to comply with, and the costs associated with compliance with, u.s. and foreign environmental protection laws;
•   our ability to realize the benefits of its cost and productivity initiatives;
•   our ability to successfully manage its working capital and inventory balances;
•   the impact of the failure to comply with u.s. or foreign anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act;
•   our ability to protect its intellectual property rights;
•   the impact of the outcome of legal claims, regulatory investigations and litigation;
•   changes in market conditions or governmental regulations relating to our pension and postretirement obligations;
•   the impact of future impairment of our tangible or intangible long-lived assets;
•   the impact of changes in federal, state, local and international tax legislation or policies, including the recently enacted tax cuts and jobs act, with respect to transfer pricing and state aid, and adverse results of tax audits, assessments, or disputes;
•   the effect of potential government regulation on certain product development initiatives, and restrictions or costs that may be imposed on the company or its operations as a result; and
•   the impact of the united kingdom's expected departure from the european union in 2019.
the foregoing list of important factors does not include all such factors, nor necessarily present them in order of importance. in addition, you should consult other disclosures made by the company (such as in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") or in company press releases) for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the company. please refer to part i. item 1a., risk factors, of this form 10-k for additional information regarding factors that could affect the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we intend our forward-looking statements to speak only as of the time of such statements and do not undertake or plan to update or revise them as more information becomes available or to reflect changes in expectations, assumptions or results. we can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. an occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this report or included in our other periodic reports filed with the sec could materially and adversely impact our operations and our future financial results.
64
any public statements or disclosures made by us following this report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this report will be deemed to modify or supersede such outlook or other forward-looking statements in or accompanying this report.
