item 1a.   risk factors we operate in a changing global environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. we may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. if any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
construction and maintenance sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. if we, the owner, or others working at the project site fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to significant financial losses and reputational harm, as well as civil and criminal liabilities.
construction and maintenance sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and highly regulated materials, in a challenging environment and often in geographically remote locations. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective, or if others working at the site fail to implement and follow appropriate safety procedures, our employees and others may become injured, disabled or even lose their lives, the completion or commencement of our projects may be delayed and we may be exposed to litigation or investigations. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients and raise our operating and insurance costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and/or criminal liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety and environmental ("hse") work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and page 13
maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability. in addition, despite the work of our functional groups, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel or that there will be no damage to or loss of our work, equipment or supplies.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. accordingly, if we fail to maintain adequate safety standards, we could suffer reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
demand for our services is cyclical as the sectors and industries in which our clients operate are impacted by economic downturns, reductions in government or private spending and times of political uncertainty.
we provide technical, professional, construction and o&m services to clients operating in a number of sectors and industries, including oil and gas exploration, production and refining; programs for various national governments, including the u.s. federal government; chemicals and polymers; mining and minerals; pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; infrastructure; buildings; power; water; transportation; and other general industrial and consumer businesses and markets (such as technology and manufacturing; pulp and paper; and food and consumer products). these sectors and industries and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, cyclical and subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty.
uncertain global economic and political conditions may negatively impact our clients' ability and willingness to fund their projects, including their ability to raise capital and pay, or timely pay, our invoices. they may also cause our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable price and other contract terms and otherwise slow their spending on our services. for example, in the public sector, declines in state and local tax revenues as well as other economic declines may result in lower state and local government spending. in addition, under such conditions, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. these conditions may reduce the demand for our services, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, uncertain economic and political conditions may make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. for example, recent changes to u.s. policies related to global trade and tariffs have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future of the global economy as well as retaliatory trade measures implemented by other countries. the increasing cost of steel and aluminum may impact client spending. we cannot predict the outcome of these changing trade policies or other unanticipated political conditions, nor can we predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery or downturn worldwide or in our clients' markets. in addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. weak economic conditions, a failure to obtain expected benefits from any increased infrastructure spending, or a reduction in government spending could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, if a significant portion of our clients or projects are concentrated in a specific geographic area or industry, our business may be disproportionately affected by negative trends or economic downturns in those specific geographic areas or industries.
regardless of economic or market conditions, investment decisions by our customers may vary by location or as a result of other factors like the availability of labor or relative construction cost. because we are dependent on the timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to changes in our clients' markets and investment decisions. as a result, our past results have varied and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customers' investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding of new awards.
commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. for example, for those customers that produce commodity products such as oil, gas, copper, or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. furthermore, declines in commodity prices can negatively impact our business in regions whose economies are substantially dependent on commodity prices, such as the middle east. to the extent commodity prices decline or fluctuate and our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay existing projects, the demand for our services decreases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
page 14
commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may continue to do so in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty services.
if we fail to provide our services in accordance with applicable professional standards or contractual requirements, we could be exposed to significant monetary damages or even criminal violations. our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. while we do not generally accept liability for consequential damages in our contracts, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant professional or product liability and warranty or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. these liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, may not be covered by insurance at all due to various exclusions in our coverage and could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. further, even where coverage applies, the policies have deductibles, which result in our assumption of exposure for certain amounts with respect to any claim filed against us. in addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. an uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, as well as any claim covered by insurance but subject to a high deductible, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise at a reasonable cost. the market for these and other personnel is competitive. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise, and in the timeframe, demanded by our clients, or to replace such personnel when needed in a timely manner. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel. furthermore, some of our personnel hold government granted clearance that may be required to obtain government projects. if we were to lose some or all of these personnel, they would be difficult to replace. loss of the services of, or failure to recruit, qualified technical and management personnel could limit our ability to successfully complete existing projects and compete for new projects.
in addition, in the event that any of our key personnel retire or otherwise leave the company, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans, which requires devoting time and resources toward identifying and integrating new personnel into leadership roles and other key positions. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. for example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. if an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations.
if we do not have adequate indemnification for our nuclear services, it could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act, commonly called the price-anderson act ("paa"), is a u.s. federal law, which, among other things, regulates radioactive materials and the nuclear energy industry, including liability and compensation in the event of nuclear related incidents. the paa provides certain protections and indemnification to nuclear energy plant operators and u.s. department of energy ("doe") contractors. the paa protections and indemnification apply to us as part of our services to the u.s. nuclear energy industry and doe for new facilities, maintenance, modification, decontamination and decommissioning of nuclear energy, weapons and research facilities.
we offer similar services in other jurisdictions outside the u.s. for those jurisdictions, varying levels of nuclear liability protection is provided by international treaties, and/or domestic laws, such as the nuclear liability and compensation act of canada and the nuclear installations act of the united kingdom, insurance and/or assets of the nuclear installation operators page 15
(some of which are backed by governments) as well as under appropriate enforceable contractual indemnifications and hold-harmless provisions. these protections and indemnifications, however, may not cover all of our liability that could arise in the performance of these services. to the extent the paa or other protections and indemnifications do not apply to our services, our business could be adversely affected because of the cost of losses associated with liability not covered by the available protections and indemnifications, or by virtue of our loss of business because of these added costs.
we engage in a highly competitive business. if we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we face intense competition to provide technical, professional and construction services to clients. the markets we serve are highly competitive and we compete against a large number of regional, national and multinational companies.
the extent and type of our competition varies by industry, geographic area and project type. for example, with respect to our construction, operations and maintenance services, clients generally award large projects to large contractors, which may give our larger competitors an advantage when bidding for these projects. conversely, with respect to our engineering, design, architectural and consulting services, low barriers of entry can result in competition with smaller, newer competitors.
our projects are frequently awarded through a competitive bidding process, which is standard in our industry. we are constantly competing for project awards based on pricing, schedule and the breadth and technical sophistication of our services. competition can place downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which may force us to accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us, thereby increasing the risk that, among other things, we may not realize profit margins at the same rates as we have seen in the past or may become responsible for costs or other liabilities we have not accepted in the past. if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our results of operations depend on the award of new contracts and the timing of the performance of these contracts.
our revenues are derived from new contract awards. delays in the timing of the awards or cancellations of such projects as a result of economic conditions, material and equipment pricing and availability or other factors could impact our long-term projected results. it is particularly difficult to predict whether or when we will receive large-scale projects as these contracts frequently involve a lengthy and complex bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors, such as market conditions or governmental and environmental approvals. since a significant portion of our revenues is generated from such projects, our results of operations and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts. furthermore, many of these contracts are subject to financing contingencies and, as a result, we are subject to the risk that the customer will not be able to secure the necessary financing for the project.
in addition, many of our contracts require us to satisfy specific progress or performance milestones in order to receive payment from the customer. as a result, we may incur significant costs for engineering, materials, components, equipment, labor or subcontractors prior to receipt of payment from a customer.
the uncertainty of our contract award timing can also present difficulties in matching workforce size with contract needs. in some cases, we maintain and bear the cost of a ready workforce that is larger than necessary under existing contracts in anticipation of future workforce needs for expected contract awards. if an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we may incur additional costs resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are a party to claims and litigation in the normal course of business. since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, we are exposed to substantial claims and litigation and investigations if there is a failure at any such facility or project. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution and environmental damage and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients' projects. we can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. in many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors and vendors, we agree to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses and other exposures relating to projects page 16
that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. in addition, while clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us.
with a workforce of approximately 80,000 people globally, we are also party to labor and employment claims in the normal course of business. such claims could relate to allegations of harassment and discrimination, pay equity, denial of benefits, wage and hour violations, whistleblower protections, concerted protected activity, and other employment protections, and may be pursued on an individual or class action basis depending on applicable laws and regulations. some of such claims may be insurable, while other such claims may not.
we maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits as well as exclusions for matters such as fraud, and insurance companies may attempt to deny claims for which we seek coverage. in addition, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, retentions and limits under these programs. as a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured.
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, coverage that is more limited, or increased premium costs or higher deductibles. we monitor the financial health of the insurance companies from which we procure insurance, which is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance. our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers, often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. if any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or otherwise cannot satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be interrupted.
in addition, the nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors and vendors presenting claims to us for, among other things, recovery of costs related to certain projects. similarly, we occasionally present change orders and claims to our clients, subcontractors and vendors for, among other things, additional costs exceeding the original contract price. if we fail to document properly the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors and vendors, we could incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for a project. further, these claims can be the subject of lengthy negotiations, arbitration or litigation proceedings, which could result in the investment of significant amounts of working capital pending the resolution of the relevant change orders and claims. a failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant.
litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal liability, warranty obligations, default under our credit agreements and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the nature of our contracts, particularly those that are fixed-price, subjects us to risks of cost overruns. we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses if costs increase above budgets or estimates or if the project experiences schedule delays.
for fiscal 2018, approximately 24% of our revenues were earned under fixed-price contracts. both fixed-price and many cost reimbursable contracts require us to estimate the total cost of the project in advance of our performance. for fixed-price contracts, we may benefit from any cost-savings, but we bear greater risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. fixed-price contracts are established in part on partial or incomplete designs, cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, commodity and other materials pricing and availability of labor, equipment and materials and other exigencies. if the design or the estimates prove inaccurate or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather or other delays beyond our control, changes in the costs of equipment or raw materials, our vendors' or subcontractors' inability or failure to perform, or changes in general economic conditions, then cost overruns may occur and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. these risks are exacerbated for projects with long-term durations because there is an increased risk that the circumstances on which we based our original estimates will change in a manner that increases costs. if the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
page 17
our contracts that are fundamentally cost reimbursable in nature may also present a risk to the extent the final cost on a project exceeds the amount the customer expected or budgeted. like fixed-price contracts, the expected cost of cost-reimbursable projects are based in part on partial design and our estimates of the resources and time necessary to perform such contracts. a portion of the fee is often linked to these estimates and the related final cost and schedule objectives, and if for whatever reason these objectives are not met, the project may be less profitable than we expect or even result in losses.
the contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, canceled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of our future gross margins.
backlog represents the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. as of the end of fiscal 2018, our backlog totaled approximately $27.3 billion. there is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. in accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client, including our u.s. government work. in the event of a project cancellation, we would generally have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. the risk of contracts in backlog being canceled or suspended generally increases during periods of widespread economic slowdowns or in response to changes in commodity prices.
the contracts in our backlog are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. the revenue for certain contracts included in backlog is based on estimates. additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can affect greatly our gross margins and hence, future profitability.
in some markets, there is a continuing trend towards cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction and other performance criteria. if we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past.
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance.
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies, which are a significant source of our revenue and profit, are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities as well as profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with funding such as sequestration and budget deficits. contracts with the u.s. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of congressional funding. governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated. legislatures typically appropriate funds on a year-by-year basis, while contract performance may take more than one year. as a result, contracts with government agencies may be only partially funded or may be terminated, and we may not realize all of the potential revenue and profit from those contracts.
our government clients may reduce the scope of or terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. since government contracts represent a significant percentage of our revenues (for example, those with the u.s. federal government represented approximately 23% of our total revenue in fiscal 2018), a significant reduction in government funding or the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. the u.s. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each task order issued under a contract. this process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. moreover, we may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minorities. our inability to win new contracts or be awarded work under existing contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
page 18
in addition, government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affect how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. for example, for contracts with the u.s. federal government, we must comply with the federal acquisition regulation, the truth in negotiations act, the cost accounting standards, and numerous regulations governing environmental protection and employment practices. government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. this includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations.
we also are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings. for example, government agencies such as the u.s. defense contract audit agency routinely review and audit us to determine the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies and whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. these audits can result in a determination that a rule or regulation has been violated or that adjustments are necessary to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies.
if we violate a rule or regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed on us including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. for example, in so-called "qui tam" actions brought by individuals or the government under the u.s. federal false claims act or under similar state and local laws, treble damages can be awarded. in addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. the occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
many of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. if our employees or our facilities are unable to obtain or retain the necessary security clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
our use of joint ventures and partnerships exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control.
as is common in our industry, we perform certain contracts as a member of joint ventures, partnerships, and similar arrangements. this situation exposes us to a number of risks, including the risk that our partners may be unable to fulfill their obligations to us or our clients.
further, we have limited ability to control the actions of our joint venture partners, including with respect to nonperformance, default, bankruptcy or legal or regulatory compliance. our partners may be unable or unwilling to provide the required levels of financial support to the partnerships. if these circumstances occur, we may be liable for claims and losses attributable to the partner by operation of law or contract. these circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on the management effectiveness of our joint venture partners. differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues, which could materially affect the business and operations of these ventures. in addition, in many of the countries in which we engage in joint ventures, it may be difficult to enforce our contractual rights under the applicable joint venture agreement. if we are not able to enforce our contractual rights, we may not be able to realize the benefits of the joint venture or we may be subject to additional liabilities.
we participate in joint ventures and similar arrangements in which we are not the controlling partner. in these cases, we have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. to the extent the controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts.
third-party subcontractors we hire perform much of the work performed under our contracts. we also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. if we are unable to hire page 19
qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project could be impaired. if we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. if a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, we may be required to source these services, equipment or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability. there is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors relating to, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed, customer concerns about the subcontractor, or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a contract. in addition, faulty workmanship, equipment or materials could impact the overall project, resulting in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications.
in an uncertain or downturn economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. the inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party's ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
negative conditions in the credit and financial markets and delays in receiving client payments could result in liquidity problems, adversely affecting our cost of borrowing and our business.
although we finance much of our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. instability in the credit markets in the u.s. or abroad could cause the availability of credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts. this situation could make it more difficult or more expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness, or obtain funding through the issuance of securities or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. we may also enter into business acquisition agreements that require us to access credit, which if not available at the closing of the acquisition could result in a breach of the acquisition agreement and a resulting claim for damages by the sellers of such business. in addition, market conditions could negatively impact our clients' ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. we also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by events in the credit markets. if those counterparties are unable to perform their obligations to us or our clients, we may be required to provide additional services or make alternate arrangements on less favorable terms with other parties to ensure adequate performance and delivery of services to our clients. these circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of our customers, suppliers and subcontractors depend on access to commercial financing and capital markets to fund their operations. disruptions of the credit or capital markets could adversely affect our clients' ability to finance projects and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays and payment delays or defaults by our clients. in addition, clients may be unable to fund new projects, may choose to make fewer capital expenditures or otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. in addition, any financial difficulties suffered by our subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. these disruptions could materially impact our backlog and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we typically bill our clients for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our clients delaying or failing to pay our invoices after we have already committed resources to their projects. in weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, our clients' unwillingness to pay for alleged poor performance or to preserve their own working capital. if one or more clients delays in paying or fails to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in north america, europe, south america, australia and asia. some of our accounts hold deposits in page 20
amounts that exceed available insurance. although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments, there is a risk that such events may occur in the future. if any such events were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access our cash, which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
maintaining adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity is necessary for us to successfully bid on and win some contracts.
in line with industry practice, we are often required to provide performance or payment bonds or letters of credit to our customers. these instruments indemnify the customer should we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. if a bond or a letter of credit is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond or letter of credit, we cannot pursue that project. historically, we have had adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity but, as is typically the case, the issuance of a bond is at the surety's sole discretion and the issuance of a letter of credit is based on the company's credit-worthiness. because of an overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide required levels of bonding or such bonding may only be available at significant additional cost. there can be no assurance that our bonding capacity will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. in addition, future projects may require us to obtain letters of credit that extend beyond the term of our existing credit facilities. our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new contracts that require such bonding or letter of credit could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
there can be no assurance that we will pay dividends on our common stock.
our board of directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend program in fiscal 2017 under which we have paid, and intend to continue paying, regular quarterly dividends. the declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements.  our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.  a reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments and/or our dividend program could have a material negative effect on our stock price.
past and future environmental, health, and safety laws could impose significant additional costs and liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances, and human health and safety. these laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. violations of these regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities.
various u.s. federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. these laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or causation of the presence of contaminants. the liability under these laws may be joint and several. we have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current and prior ownership of various properties. the discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of unforeseen clean-up obligations at these or other sites could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
when we perform our services, our personnel and equipment may be exposed to radioactive and hazardous materials and conditions. we may be subject to liability claims by employees, customers and third parties as a result of such exposures. in addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties or other liabilities arising under environmental or safety laws. a claim, if not covered or only partially covered by insurance, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations and policies are reviewed periodically and any changes thereto could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. such changes could, for example, relax or repeal laws and regulations relating to the environment, which could result in a decline in the demand for our environmental services and, in turn, could negatively impact our revenue. changes in the environmental laws and regulations, remediation obligations, enforcement actions, stricter interpretations of existing requirements, future discovery of contamination or claims for damages to persons, property, natural resources or the environment could result in material costs and liabilities that we currently do not anticipate. if we fail to page 21
comply with any environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations, whether actual or alleged, we could be exposed to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we and many of our clients operate in highly regulated environments, which may require us or our clients to obtain, and to comply with, federal, state and local government permits and approvals. any of these permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with, or the loss or modification of, the conditions of permits or approvals may subject us to penalties or other liabilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations.
if we fail to comply with federal, state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected.
we are subject to u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. for example, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders which requires full compliance with both export regulatory laws and international trafficking in arms regulations ("itar"). although we have policies and procedures to comply with u.s. and foreign international trade laws, the violation of such laws could subject the company and its employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges or debarment from participation in u.s. government contracts, and could damage our reputation and our ability to do business.
employee, agent or partner misconduct or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits.
misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, regulations pertaining to export control, environmental laws, employee wages, pay and benefits, and any other applicable laws or regulations. for example, we routinely provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. the precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective and we could face unknown risks or losses. our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or acts of misconduct, could subject us to fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts, loss of security clearance and suspension or debarment from contracting, which could weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, including the requirements to maintain accurate information and internal controls. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances; strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. despite our training and compliance programs, there is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. if we are found to be liable for fcpa or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, including contract cancellations or debarment and loss of reputation, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the loss of or a significant reduction in business from one or a few customers could have a material adverse impact on us.
a few clients have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue and/or backlog in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. for example, in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, approximately 23%, 19% and 21%, respectively, of our revenue was earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the u.s. federal government. although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce, delay or cancel their contracts at any time. our loss of or a significant reduction in business from a significant client could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
page 22
our international operations are exposed to additional risks and uncertainties, including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies.
for fiscal 2018, approximately 36% of our revenue was earned from clients outside the u.s. our business is dependent on the continued success of our international operations, and we expect our international operations to continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, including:
   recessions and other economic crises in other regions, such as europe, or specific foreign economies and the impact on our costs of doing business in those countries;
   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including logistical and communication challenges;
   unexpected changes in foreign government policies and regulatory requirements;
   potential non-compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, export control and anti-boycott laws and similar non-u.s. laws and regulations;
   potential non-compliance with regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer protection and data use and security, including the general data protection regulation approved by the european union;
   lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights;
   expropriation and nationalization of our assets in a foreign country;
   renegotiation or nullification of our existing contracts;
   the adoption of new, and the expansion of existing, trade or other restrictions;
   embargoes, duties, tariffs or other trade restrictions, including sanctions;
   changes in labor conditions;
   acts of war, civil unrest, force majeure, and terrorism;
   the ability to finance efficiently our foreign operations;
   social, political, and economic instability;
   expropriation of property;
   changes to tax policy;
   currency exchange rate fluctuations;
   limitations on the ability to repatriate foreign earnings; and
   u.s. government policy changes in relation to the foreign countries in which we operate.
the lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. in addition, military action, geopolitical shifts or continued unrest, particularly in the middle east, could impact the supply or pricing of oil, disrupt our operations in the region and elsewhere and increase our security costs. to the extent our international operations are affected by unexpected or adverse economic, political and other conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost.
some of our services are performed in high-risk locations, where the country or location is subject to political, social or economic risks, or war, terrorism or civil unrest. in those locations where we have employees or operations, we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel. despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors. acts of terrorism and threats of armed conflicts in or around various areas in which we operate could limit or disrupt markets and our operations, including disruptions resulting from the evacuation of personnel, cancellation of contracts, or the loss of key employees, contractors or assets.
foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects.
our reported financial condition and results of operations are exposed to the effects (both positive and negative) that fluctuating exchange rates have on the process of translating the financial statements of our international operations, which are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, into the u.s. dollar. while we generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures, we do enter into contracts that expose us to currency risk, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. we attempt to minimize our exposure from currency risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when page 23
there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated via our contracts. these actions, however, may not always eliminate currency risk exposure. the governments of certain countries have or may in the future impose restrictive exchange controls on local currencies and it may not be possible for us to engage in effective hedging transactions to mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in a particular currency. based on fluctuations in currency, the u.s. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or decrease significantly. we may also be exposed to limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the financing requirements of our operations in other countries.
our operations may be impacted by the united kingdom's proposed exit from the european union.
in june 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit." as a result of the u.k.'s exit from the e.u., there may be greater restrictions on imports and exports between the u.k. and e.u. countries and increased regulatory complexities. these changes may adversely affect our relationships with our existing and future customers, suppliers, employees, and subcontractors, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the ongoing negotiations between the u.k. and the e.u. as to the terms upon which the u.k. will exit from the e.u. and the uncertainty as to their future trade agreement continues to create economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs, terminate or reduce the scope of existing contracts, decrease or postpone currently planned contracts, or negotiate for more favorable deal terms, each of which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions to sustain our growth. acquisitions of other companies present certain risks and uncertainties.
our business strategy involves growth through, among other things, the acquisition of other companies. acquiring companies, including ch2m hill companies, ltd., which we acquired in december 2017, presents a number of risks, including:
   assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time the acquisition was negotiated;
   failure of the acquired business to comply with u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and/or contractual requirements with government clients;
   valuation methodologies may not accurately capture the value of the acquired business;
   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth opportunities;
   the loss of key customers or suppliers, including as a result of any actual or perceived conflicts of interest;
   difficulties or delays in obtaining regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;
   difficulties relating to combining previously separate entities into a single, integrated, and efficient business;
   the effects of diverting management's attention from day-to-day operations to matters involving the integration of acquired companies;
   potentially substantial transaction costs associated with business combinations;
   potential impairment resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition or post-acquisition deterioration in an acquired business;
   difficulties relating to assimilating the management, personnel, benefits, services, and systems of an acquired business and to assimilating marketing and other operational capabilities;
   difficulties retaining key personnel of an acquired business;
   increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems, which may hinder our legal and regulatory compliance activities;
   difficulties in applying and integrating our system of internal controls to an acquired business;
   increased financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, financial reporting and internal controls;
   the potential requirement for additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available, or if available, may not have favorable terms; and
   the risks discussed in this item 1a. risk factors that may relate to the activities of the acquired business prior to the acquisition.
while we may obtain indemnification rights from the sellers of acquired businesses and/or insurance that could mitigate certain of these risks, such rights may be difficult to enforce, the losses may exceed any dedicated escrow funds and the page 24
indemnitors may not have the ability to financially support the indemnity, or the insurance coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover all losses.
if our management is unable to successfully integrate acquired companies or implement our growth strategy, our operating results could be harmed. in addition, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of an acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. moreover, we cannot assure that we will continue to successfully expand or that growth or expansion will result in profitability.
in addition, there is no assurance that we will continue to locate suitable acquisition targets or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, may be insufficient to make acquisitions. future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. acquisitions may also bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different than those we have traditionally experienced.
in the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership.
one method of acquiring companies or otherwise funding our corporate activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. if we issue additional equity securities, such issuances could have the effect of diluting our earnings per share as well as our existing shareholders' individual ownership percentages in the company.
we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which, if not timely remediated, may adversely affect the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements, and our reputation, business and the price of our common stock, as well as lead to a loss of investor confidence in us.
as described under item 9a. "controls and procedures" below, management has concluded that a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, specifically regarding the accounting for income taxes in connection with the ch2m business combination, existed as of september 28, 2018 and, accordingly, internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date. a material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
we will take immediate action to remediate this material weakness. while we believe the steps described under item 9a below will improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the identified deficiencies, if our remediation efforts are insufficient to address the material weakness or we identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to analyze, record and report financial information accurately, to prepare our financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the sec and to otherwise comply with our reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and our long-term debt agreements will likely be adversely affected. the occurrence of, or failure to remediate, this material weakness and any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements and have other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock, potential actions or investigations by the sec or other regulatory authorities, possible defaults under our debt agreements, shareholder lawsuits, a loss of investor confidence and damage to our reputation.
our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock.
our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or fall below the expectations of securities analysts, which could have a material adverse impact on the price of our common stock. fluctuations are caused by a number of factors, including:
   legal proceedings, disputes and/or government investigations;
   fluctuations in the spending patterns of our government and commercial customers;
   the number and significance of projects executed during a quarter;
   unanticipated changes in contract performance, particularly with contracts that have funding limits;
   the timing of resolving change orders, requests for equitable adjustments, and other contract adjustments;
   delays incurred in connection with a project;
   changes in prices of commodities or other supplies;
   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
page 25
   weather conditions that delay work at project sites;
   the timing of expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions or other corporate initiatives;
   the decision by the board of directors to begin or cease paying a dividend, and the expectation that if the company pays dividends, it would declare dividends at the same or higher levels in the future;
   natural disasters or other crises;
   staff levels and utilization rates;
   changes in prices of services offered by our competitors; and
   general economic and political conditions.
our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements.
in preparing our financial statements, our management is required under u.s. gaap to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. areas requiring significant estimates by our management include:
   recognition of contract revenue, costs, profit or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion accounting;
   estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs;
   recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims;
   collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts;
   estimates of other liabilities, including litigation and insurance revenues/reserves and reserves necessary for self-insured risks;
   accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves;
   valuation of assets acquired, and liabilities, goodwill, and intangible assets assumed, in acquisitions;
   valuation of stock-based compensation;
   the determination of liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs; and
   income tax provisions and related valuation allowances.
our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
an impairment charge on our goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.
because we have grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. under u.s. gaap, we are required to test goodwill carried in our consolidated balance sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach. as of september 28, 2018, we had $6.10 billion of goodwill, representing 48.3% of our total assets of $12.65 billion. we have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill at the end of the third quarter of our fiscal year. we also are required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit's market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, potential government actions toward our facilities and other factors.
if our market capitalization drops significantly below the amount of net equity recorded on our balance sheet, it might indicate a decline in our fair value and would require us to further evaluate whether our goodwill has been impaired. if the fair value of our reporting units is less than their carrying value, we could be required to record an impairment charge. the amount of any impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. for a further discussion of goodwill impairment testing, please see item 7- management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations below.
we may be required to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post-retirement benefit plans we manage.
page 26
we have various employee benefit plan obligations that require us to make contributions to satisfy, over time, our underfunded benefit obligations, which are generally determined by calculating the projected benefit obligations minus the fair value of plan assets. for example, as of september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, our defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans were underfunded by $339.3 million and $252.0 million, respectively. see note 10- pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure. in the future, our benefit plan obligations may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan asset performance and other factors. if we are required to contribute a significant amount of the deficit for underfunded benefit plans, our cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
rising inflation, interest rates, and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts.
rising inflation, interest rates, or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services. in addition, we bear all of the risk of rising inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 76% during fiscal 2018), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. however, if we expand our business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future. therefore, increases in inflation, interest rates or construction costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could result in increased compliance costs for us and our clients and have other impacts on our clients, including those who are involved in the exploration, production or refining of fossil fuels, emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels or emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. such policy changes could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. however, these changes could also increase the pace of projects, such as carbon capture or storage projects, that could have a positive impact on our business. we cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers.
our effective tax rate may increase or decrease.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, or an ultimate determination that the company owes more taxes than the amounts previously accrued, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
systems and information technology interruption or failure and data security or privacy breaches could adversely impact our ability to operate or expose us to significant financial losses and reputational harm.
we rely heavily on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to properly operate our business. from time to time, we experience occasional system interruptions and delays. in the event we are unable to regularly deploy software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could be interrupted or result in the loss, corruption, or release of data. in addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, force majeure events, telecommunications failures, power loss, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, malicious code, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error or similar events or disruptions. any of these or other events could cause interruptions, delays, loss of critical and/or sensitive data or similar effects, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of intellectual property and results of operations, as well as those of our clients.
page 27
in addition, we face the threat to our computer systems of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, ransomware, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to and disclosure of our and our clients' proprietary or classified information.
while we have security measures and technology in place to protect our and our clients' proprietary or classified information, if these measures fail as a result of a cyber-attack, other third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and someone obtains unauthorized access to our or our clients' information, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, new laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, including the european union general data protection regulation, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate costs, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in significant penalties and legal liability.
we continuously evaluate the need to upgrade and/or replace our systems and network infrastructure to protect our computing environment, to stay current on vendor supported products and to improve the efficiency of our systems and for other business reasons. the implementation of new systems and information technology could adversely impact our operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. in addition, our systems implementations may not result in productivity improvements at the levels anticipated. systems implementation disruption and any other information technology disruption, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have an adverse effect on our business.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients.
our technology and intellectual property provide us, in certain instances, with a competitive advantage. although we protect our property through registration, licensing, contractual arrangements, security controls and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. our employees and contractors are subject to confidentiality obligations, but this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or infringement of our intellectual property. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the u.s. if we are unable to protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention away from other aspects of our business.
we also hold licenses from third parties which may be utilized in our business operations.  if we are no longer able to license such technology on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected.
if our intellectual property rights or work processes become obsolete, we may not be able to differentiate our service offerings and some of our competitors may be able to offer more attractive services to our customers. our competitors may independently attempt to develop or obtain access to technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies.
our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. there is a risk we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control.
extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, could negatively impact our ability to operate. as an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions which may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of page 28
services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to job sites in accordance with contract schedules; and loss of productivity. we may remain obligated to perform our services after any such natural or man-made event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. if we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects are in a specific geographic region that suffers from a natural or man-made catastrophe, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations. in addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits.
we are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to monetary damages.
we issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise as well as our other professional credentials that subject us to professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of our services. for example, we issue opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. if a client or another third party alleges that our report or opinion is incorrect or it is improperly relied upon and we are held responsible, we could be subject to significant monetary damages. in addition, our reports and other work product may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the jurisdiction where the services are performed. we could be liable to third parties who use or rely upon our reports and other work product even if we are not contractually bound to those third parties. these events could in turn result in monetary damages and penalties.
delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control.
we are a delaware corporation. certain anti-takeover provisions of the delaware general corporation law impose restrictions on the ability of others to acquire control of us. in addition, certain provisions of our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover. for example:
   only our board of directors can fill vacancies on the board;
   there are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and
   our board of directors can authorize the issuance of preferred shares.
these types of provisions, as well as our ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. accordingly, shareholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
risks relating to the sale of our ecr business if the sale of our ecr business to worleyparsons limited is not completed, we will have incurred substantial expenses without our stockholders realizing the expected benefits.
on october 21, 2018, we entered into a stock and asset purchase agreement (the "purchase agreement") with worleyparsons limited, a company incorporated in australia ("buyer"), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, we will sell and assign to buyer our energy, chemicals and resources businesses (the "ecr business"). completion of the transaction is subject to closing conditions including, but not limited to, various regulatory approvals. we currently expect that the transaction will be completed during the first half of calendar 2019. it is possible, however, that factors outside of our control including, but not limited to, buyer's ability to secure the financing it needs to complete the transaction, could require the parties to complete the transaction at a later time, or not to complete the transaction at all. in the event that the transaction is not consummated for any reason, we will be subject to certain risks, including the costs related to the transaction, such as legal, accounting and advisory fees, which must be paid even if the transaction is not completed. if the transaction is not consummated, the market price of our common stock could decline. we also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the transaction or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the purchase agreement. additionally, if the transaction is not consummated, there may not be an alternative party interested in and able to purchase the ecr business and if an alternative party is identified, such alternative transaction may not result in a comparable aggregate purchase price to what is proposed in this transaction.
we will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the transaction is pending.
page 29
the pursuit of the transaction and the preparation for the integration of the related assets with buyer may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. additionally, our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to retain the talents and dedication of our employees and employees may decide not to remain with us while the transaction is pending. any significant diversion of management and employee attention away from ongoing business, loss of employees and difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect our financial results.
in addition, the purchase agreement generally requires that we operate the ecr business in theordinary course of business and restricts us from taking certain actions, including selling any assets of the ecr business, prior to the consummation of the transaction or termination of the purchase agreement without buyer's consent. these restrictions may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the transaction. additionally, as a result of these business uncertainties, our current and potential business partners may decide to delay, defer or cancel entering into new business arrangements with us pending completion or termination of the transaction.
regulatory approvals, including antitrust approval, necessary for closing the purchase agreement may not be received, may take longer than expected or impose conditions that are not presently anticipated.
before the transaction may be completed, certain approvals or consents must be obtained from the various regulatory authorities in the united states and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which the ecr business operates, including the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act"), the approvals required pursuant to or in connection with the competition laws of certain foreign jurisdictions in which the ecr business operates and the receipt of approval from the committee on foreign investment in the united states ("cfius"). there can be no assurance as to whether regulatory approvals will be received or the timing of the approvals. buyer is only required to take commercially reasonable efforts to assist us in obtaining regulatory approvals of the transaction.
under the purchase agreement, we will be responsible for indemnifying buyer with respect to certain liabilities in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
we have agreed to indemnify buyer for damages resulting from or arising out of any liabilities relating to the ecr business not assumed by buyer in the transaction and for certain other matters. significant indemnification claims by buyer could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. any event that results in a right for buyer to seek indemnity from us under the purchase agreement could result in a substantial payment from us to buyer and could adversely affect our results of operations.
we may be held liable to buyer if we fail to perform certain services under the transition services agreement, and the performance of such services may negatively impact our business and operations.
we have agreed to enter into a transition services agreement with buyer in connection with the transaction pursuant to which we will provide buyer, on an interim, transitional basis, various services, including, but not limited to, executive consultation services, employee benefits administration, human resources and payroll services, tax services, financial and accounting services, information technology services, regulatory services, project management services for certain client contracts, general administrative services and other support services. if we do not satisfactorily perform our obligations under the agreement, we may be required to re-perform such services at no additional cost. in addition, during the transition services period, our management and employees may be required to divert their attention away from our business in order to provide services to buyer, which could adversely affect our business.
because the share consideration component of the purchase price is fixed and the market price of buyer's ordinary shares and the exchange rate between u.s. and australian dollars may fluctuate, we cannot be sure of the value of buyer's ordinary shares that we will receive on the closing date or at the time we seek to sell the ordinary shares.
upon completion of the transaction, we will receive 58,197,867 buyer's ordinary shares. the number of buyer's ordinary shares that we will receive in the transaction is fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of buyer's ordinary shares or for any changes in the exchange rate between u.s. and australian dollars, which will both likely fluctuate before and after the completion of the transaction. fluctuations in the value of the buyer's ordinary shares could result from changes in their business or the ecr business' operations or prospects, regulatory considerations, general market and economic conditions and other factors both within and beyond the control of us or buyer prior to or following the closing of the transaction. additionally, under the terms of the purchase agreement, the buyer's ordinary shares we receive will be subject to a six-month lock-up period following the transaction's closing during which time we will be unable to sell the ordinary shares and during which time the market price of buyer's ordinary shares and the exchange rate between u.s. and australian dollars will likely fluctuate for the page 30
forgoing reasons, which could result in the ordinary shares we receive having a lower value compared to the value of the ordinary shares at the time we entered into the purchase agreement.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates in order to better understand the changes that occur to key elements of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, a reader of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
the consolidated financial statements contained in this report were prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of any business performing long-term engineering and construction-type contracts requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect both the entity's results of operations and the carrying values of its assets and liabilities. although our significant accounting policies are described in note 2 - significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k, the following discussion is intended to highlight and describe those accounting policies that are especially critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
page 34
revenue accounting for contracts - we recognize revenue earned on our technical professional and field services projects under the percentage-of-completion method described in asc 605-35, construction-type and production-type contracts. in general, we recognize revenues at the time we provide services. pre-contract costs are generally expensed as incurred, unless they are directly associated with an anticipated contract and recoverability from that contract is probable. contracts are generally segmented between types of services, such as engineering and construction, and accordingly, gross margin related to each activity is recognized as those separate services are rendered. for multiple contracts with a single customer we account for each contract separately.
the percentage-of-completion method of accounting is applied by comparing contract costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion. contract losses are provided for in their entirety in the period they become known, without regard to the percentage-of-completion.
unapproved change orders are included in the contract price to the extent it is probable that such change orders will result in additional contract revenue and the amount of such additional revenue can be reliably estimated. claims meeting these recognition criteria are included in revenues only to the extent of the related costs incurred.
certain cost-reimbursable contracts include incentive-fee arrangements. these incentive fees can be based on a variety of factors but the most common are the achievement of target completion dates, target costs, and/or other performance criteria. failure to meet these targets can result in unrealized incentive fees. we recognize incentive fees based on expected results using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. as the contract progresses and more information becomes available, the estimate of the anticipated incentive fee that will be earned is revised as necessary. we bill incentive fees based on the terms and conditions of the individual contracts. in certain situations, we are allowed to bill a portion of the incentive fees over the performance period of the contract. in other situations, we are allowed to bill incentive fees only after the target criterion has been achieved. incentive fees which have been recognized but not billed are included in receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
certain cost-reimbursable contracts with government customers as well as certain commercial clients provide that contract costs are subject to audit and adjustment. in this situation, revenues are recorded at the time services are performed based upon the amounts we expect to realize upon completion of the contracts. in those situations where an audit indicates that we may have billed a client for costs not allowable under the terms of the contract, we estimate the amount of such nonbillable costs and adjust our revenues accordingly.
when we are directly responsible for subcontractor labor or third-party materials and equipment, we reflect the costs of such items in both revenues and costs (and we refer to such costs as "pass-through" costs). on those projects where the client elects to pay for such items directly and we have no associated responsibility for such items, these amounts are not reflected in either revenues or costs.
joint ventures - as is common to the industry, we execute certain contracts jointly with third parties through various forms of joint ventures. although the joint ventures own and hold the contracts with the clients, the services required by the contracts are typically performed by us and our joint venture partners, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the joint ventures. many of these joint ventures are formed for a specific project. the assets of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of cash and receivables (representing amounts due from clients), and the liabilities of our joint ventures generally consist almost entirely of amounts due to the joint venture partners (for services provided by the partners to the joint ventures under their individual subcontracts) and other subcontractors. in general, at any given time, the equity of our joint ventures represents the undistributed profits earned on contracts the joint ventures hold with clients. very few of our joint ventures have employees or third-party debt or credit facilities. the debt held by the joint ventures is non-recourse to the general credit of jacobs. the assets of a joint venture are restricted for use to the obligations of the particular joint venture and are not available for general operations of the company.  our risk of loss on these arrangements is usually shared with our partners. the liability of each partner is usually joint and several, which means that each partner may become liable for the entire risk of loss on the project. furthermore, on some of our projects, the company has granted guarantees which may encumber both our contracting subsidiary company and the company for the entire risk of loss on the project. see note 15- contractual guarantees, litigation, investigations and insurance for further discussion.
many of the joint ventures are deemed to be variable interest entities ("vie") because they lack sufficient equity to finance the activities of the joint venture. the company uses a qualitative approach to determine if the company is the primary beneficiary of the vie, which considers factors that indicate a party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the joint venture's economic performance. these factors include the composition of the governing board, how board decisions are approved, the powers granted to the operational manager(s) and partner that holds that position(s), and to a certain extent, the partner's economic interest in the joint venture. the company analyzes each joint venture initially to determine if it should be consolidated or unconsolidated.
page 35
   consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary of a vie, or holds the majority of voting interests of a non-vie (and no significant participative rights are available to the other partners).
   unconsolidated if the company is not the primary beneficiary of a vie, or does not hold the majority of voting interest of a non-vie.
share-based payments - we measure the value of services received from employees and directors in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value of the award. the computed value is recognized as a non-cash cost on a straight-line basis over the period the individual provides services, which is typically the vesting period of the award (with the exception of awards containing an internal performance measure which are recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period subject to the probability of meeting the performance requirements and adjusted for the number of shares expected to be earned).
accounting for pension plans - the accounting for pension plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates in order to calculate periodic pension cost and the value of the plans' assets and liabilities. these assumptions include discount rates, investment returns and projected salary increases, among others. the actuarial assumptions used in determining the funded statuses of the plans are provided in note 10 - pension and other postretirement benefit plans of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the expected rates of return on plan assets for fiscal 2019 range from 2.9% to 7.5% and were 3.5% to 8.5% for fiscal 2018. we believe the range of rates selected for fiscal 2019 reflects the long-term returns expected on the plans' assets, considering recent market conditions, projected rates of inflation, the diversification of the plans' assets, and the expected real rates of market returns. the discount rates used to compute plan liabilities were changed from a range of 1.3% to 7.0% in fiscal 2017 to a range of 1.3% to 8.1% in fiscal 2018. these assumptions represent the company's best estimate of the rates at which its pension obligations could be effectively settled.
changes in the actuarial assumptions often have a material effect on the values assigned to plan assets and liabilities, and the associated pension expense. for example, if the discount rate used to value the net pension benefit obligation ("pbo") at september 28, 2018, was higher by 0.5%, the pbo would have been lower at that date by approximately $180.2 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $21.9 million for u.s. plans. if the expected return on plan assets was higher by 1.0%, the net periodic pension cost for fiscal 2018 would be lower by approximately $18.7 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $3.7 million for u.s. plans. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual performance (i.e., actuarial gains and losses) that are not recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost in the period in which such differences arise are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized as part of net periodic pension cost in future periods in accordance with u.s. gaap. management monitors trends in the marketplace within which our pension plans operate in an effort to assure the fairness of the actuarial assumptions used.
contractual guarantees, litigation, investigations, and insurance - in the normal course of business, we make contractual commitments, some of which are supported by separate guarantees; and on occasion we are a party in a litigation or arbitration proceeding. the litigation in which we are involved includes personal injury claims, professional liability claims, and breach of contract claims. in most cases, we are the defendant. where we provide a separate guarantee, it is strictly in support of the underlying contractual commitment. guarantees take various forms including surety bonds required by law, or standby letters of credit ("loc") (also referred to as "bank guarantees") or corporate guarantees given to induce a party to enter into a contract with a subsidiary. standby locs are also used as security for advance payments or in various other transactions. the guarantees have various expiration dates ranging from an arbitrary date to completion of our work (e.g., engineering only) to completion of the overall project. we maintain insurance coverage for most insurable aspects of our business and operations. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits depending upon the type of insurance, and include certain conditions and exclusions which insurance companies may raise in response to any claim that the company brings. we have also elected to retain a portion of losses and liabilities that occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under our insurance programs. as a result, we may be subject to a future liability for which we are only partially insured or completely uninsured. we intend to mitigate any such future liability by continuing to exercise prudent business judgment in negotiating the terms and conditions of the contracts which the company enters with its clients. our insurers are also subject to business risk and, as a result, one or more of them may be unable to fulfill their insurance obligations due to insolvency or otherwise.
additionally, as a contractor providing services to the u.s. federal government we are subject to many types of audits, investigations, and claims by, or on behalf of, the government including with respect to contract performance, pricing, cost allocations, procurement practices, labor practices, and socioeconomic obligations. furthermore, our income, franchise, and similar tax returns and filings are also subject to audit and investigation by the internal revenue service, most states within the u.s., as well as by various government agencies representing jurisdictions outside the u.s.
page 36
our consolidated balance sheets include amounts representing our probable estimated liability relating to such claims, guarantees, litigation, audits, and investigations. we perform an analysis to determine the level of reserves to establish for insurance-related claims that are known and have been asserted against us, as well as for insurance-related claims that are believed to have been incurred based on actuarial analysis, but have not yet been reported to our claims administrators as of the respective balance sheet dates. we include any adjustments to such insurance reserves in our consolidated results of operations.
testing goodwill for possible impairment - the goodwill carried on our consolidated balance sheets is tested annually for possible impairment, and on an interim basis if indicators of possible impairment exist. for purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is assigned to the applicable reporting units based on the current reporting structure. in performing the annual impairment test, we evaluate our goodwill at the reporting unit level. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment test for the reporting units at the end of the third quarter of our fiscal year. however, during the quarter ended september 28, 2018, the company voluntarily changed the date of its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing from the last day of the fiscal third quarter to the first day of the fourth quarter. this voluntary change is expected to result in better alignment of the company's annual impairment test with the company's strategic planning and forecasting process. the voluntary change in accounting principle related to the annual testing date will not delay, accelerate or avoid an impairment charge. it would be impracticable to apply this change retrospectively because retrospective application would require reliance on significant estimates and assumptions with the use of hindsight. accordingly, this change will only be applied prospectively.
additionally, during the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we reorganized our operating and reporting structure around three global lines of business ("lobs"), which also serve as the company's operating segments: (i) aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear, (ii) buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities, and (iii) energy, chemicals and resources. this reorganization occurred in conjunction with the integration of ch2m into the company's legacy businesses, and was intended to better serve our global clients, leverage our workforce, help streamline operations, and provide enhanced growth opportunities. the company's lob leadership and internal reporting structures report to the chief executive officer, who is also the chief operating decision maker ("codm"), and enable the codm to evaluate the performance of each of these segments and make appropriate resource allocations among each of the segments. for purposes of the company's goodwill impairment testing, it has been determined that the company's operating segments are also its reporting units based on management's conclusion that the components comprising each of its operating segments share similar economic characteristics and meet the aggregation criteria for reporting units in accordance with asc 350, intangibles-goodwill and other.
u.s. gaap does not prescribe a specific valuation method for estimating the fair value of reporting units. any valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others.
we used an income approach to test our goodwill for possible impairment which requires us to make estimates and judgments. under the income approach, fair value is determined by using the discounted cash flows of our reporting units. the company's discount rate reflects a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") for a peer group of companies representative of the company's respective reporting units. the fair values for each reporting unit exceeded the respective book values ranging from 31% to 132%.
it is possible that changes in market conditions, economy, facts and circumstances, judgments and assumptions used in estimating the fair value could change, resulting in possible impairment of goodwill in the future. the fair values resulting from the valuation techniques used are not necessarily representative of the values we might obtain in a sale of the reporting units to willing third parties.
we have determined that the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values for the consolidated balance sheets presented.
restructuring and other charges during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2017, the company implemented certain restructuring and pre-integration plans associated with the closing of its acquisition of ch2m, which occurred on december 15, 2017. the restructuring activities and related costs under these plans were comprised mainly of severance and lease abandonment programs, while the pre-integration activities and costs were mainly related to the engagement of consulting services and internal personnel and other related costs dedicated to the company's acquisition integration management efforts.
following the closing of the ch2m acquisition, these activities have continued into fiscal 2018 and include restructuring activities amounting to approximately $101.7 million in pre-tax charges during the year ended september 28, 2018. combined with $89.2 million in integration activities for the same period, the total cost of these restructuring and integration activities approximated page 37
$190.8 million for the year ended september 28, 2018. these activities are expected to continue through fiscal 2019. these activities are not expected to involve the exit of any service types or client end-markets. also during fiscal 2018 the company disposed of its investment in guimar in order to resolve potential conflicts arising from the ch2m acquisition, which resulted in a loss as discussed below.
during the second fiscal quarter of 2017, the company entered into strategic business restructuring activities associated with realignment of its europe, united kingdom ("u.k.") and middle east regional operations in our biaf segment. pre-tax net charges of $22.6 million were recorded associated mainly with net realizable value write-offs on contract accounts receivable of $16.5 million, with additional charges recorded for statutory redundancy and severance costs of $1.4 million and other liabilities of $4.7 million.
during the second fiscal quarter of 2015, the company began implementing a series of initiatives intended to improve operational efficiency, reduce costs, and better position itself to drive growth of the business in the future. we refer to these initiatives, in the aggregate, as the "2015 restructuring". these activities evolved and developed over time as management identified and evaluated opportunities for changes in the company's operations (and related areas of potential cost savings), as economic conditions changed and as the realignment of the company's operations into its global lob structure was implemented. actions related to the 2015 restructuring included involuntary terminations, the abandonment of certain leased offices, combining operational organizations, and the colocation of employees into other existing offices. these activities did not involve the exit of any service types or client end-markets. the 2015 restructuring was completed in fiscal 2017, although cash payments continue to be made under the related accruals recorded in connection with these activities.
collectively, the above mentioned restructuring activities are referred to as "restructuring and other charges".
the following table summarizes the impacts of the restructuring and other charges (or recoveries, which primarily relate to the reversals of lease abandonment accruals related to previously vacated facilities which are now planned to be utilized) on the company's reportable segment income by line of business in connection with the ch2m acquisition for the year ended september 28, 2018 and the 2015 restructuring and realignment of the company's biaf europe, u.k. and middle east regional operations for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016 (in thousands):
september 28, 2018         september 29, 2017         september 30, 2016
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear            $20,254                     $2,356                     $8,210
buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities            56,238                     47,743                     24,566
energy, chemicals and resources                              37,166                     42,558                    113,315
corporate                                                    77,148                     42,781                     41,816
total                                                      $190,806                   $135,438                   $187,907
the activity in the company's accrual for the restructuring and other charges for the year ended september 28, 2018 is as follows (in thousands):
balance at september 29, 2017             $142,767
ch2m acquisition assumed liabilities        31,576
ch2m charges                               190,806
payments &amp; usage                      (189,673   )
balance at september 28, 2018             $175,476
the following table summarizes the restructuring and other charges by major type of costs in connection with the ch2m acquisition for the year ended september 28, 2018 and the 2015 restructuring and realignment of the company's europe, u.k. and middle east regional operations for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016 (in thousands):
page 38
september 28, 2018         september 29, 2017         september 30, 2016
lease abandonments                 $53,914                    $55,647                    $92,643
involuntary terminations            37,063                     43,667                     85,599
outside services                    36,308                      4,236                      7,398
other (1)                           63,521                     31,888                      2,267
total                             $190,806                   $135,438                   $187,907
(1) includes $21.0 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 relating to the loss on the sale of our guimar joint venture investment recognized in other income (expense).
cumulative amounts incurred to date for restructuring and other charges by each major type of costs as of september 28, 2018 are as follows (in thousands):
lease abandonments            $292,773
involuntary terminations       221,642
outside services                60,677
other                           96,252
total                         $671,344
jacobs engineering group inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal years ended september 28, 2018, september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016
(in thousands, except per share information)
september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017         september 30, 2016
revenues                                                           $14,984,646                    $10,022,788                $10,964,157
direct cost of contracts                                           (12,156,276        )            (8,250,536        )        (9,196,326        )
gross profit                                                         2,828,370                      1,772,252                  1,767,831
selling, general and administrative expenses                        (2,180,399        )            (1,379,983        )        (1,429,233        )
operating profit                                                       647,971                        392,269                    338,598
other income (expense):
interest income                                                          8,984                          8,748                      7,848
interest expense                                                       (76,760        )               (12,035        )           (15,260        )
gain (loss) on disposal of business and investments                    (20,967        )                10,880                    (41,410        )
miscellaneous income (expense), net                                     (4,523        )                (6,645        )            (3,053        )
total other (expense) income, net                                      (93,266        )   948                                    (51,875        )
earnings before taxes                                                  554,705                        393,217                    286,723
income tax expense                                                    (381,563        )              (105,842        )           (72,208        )
net earnings of the group                                              173,142                        287,375                    214,515
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests            (9,711        )                 6,352                     (4,052        )
net earnings attributable to jacobs                                   $163,431                       $293,727                   $210,463
net earnings per share:
basic                                                                    $1.18                          $2.43                      $1.75
diluted                                                                  $1.17                          $2.42                      $1.73
2018 overview the company's net earnings for fiscal 2018 were $163.4 million (or $1.17 per diluted share), a decrease of $130.3 million, or 44.4%, from $293.7 million (or $2.42 per diluted share) for the corresponding period last year. included in the company's operating page 39
results were $140.1 million (or $1.01 per share) in after tax restructuring and other charges, $60.7 million in ch2m and ecr transaction costs and $259.2 million in income tax charges associated with the tax cuts and jobs act ("the act") enacted on december 22, 2017. our fiscal 2017 results included $87.9 million (or $0.72 per share) in after tax charges associated with restructuring and other charges and $10.6 million in ch2m transaction costs. income taxes for fiscal 2018 were $381.6 million, an increase of $275.7 million, or 260.5%, from $105.8 million due mainly to the impacts from the provisional remeasurement of the deferred tax items and other impacts from u.s. tax reform.
on december 15, 2017, the company completed the acquisition of ch2m, an international provider of engineering, construction and technical services, by acquiring 100% of the outstanding shares of ch2m common stock and preferred stock. the purpose of the acquisition was to further diversify the company's market presence in the water, nuclear and environmental remediation sectors and to further the company's growth strategy. the company paid total consideration of approximately $1.8 billion in cash (excluding $315.2 million of cash acquired) and issued approximately $1.4 billion of jacobs' common stock to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of ch2m.
backlog at september 28, 2018 was $27.3 billion, up $7.5 billion, from $19.8 billion for the corresponding period last year. new prospects and new sales remain strong and the company continues to have a positive outlook for many of the industry groups and markets in which our clients operate.
results of operations as previously noted by company management, the company was continuing to finalize its year end audit processes, including with respect to income taxes, at the time of its 4th quarter earnings release.  in that regard, the company's 2018 income tax expense also includes approximately $15.0 million in deferred income taxes associated with final one-time adjustments with respect to valuation allowances on foreign tax credits associated with the acquisition of the ch2m business that had not been included in the company's fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings release furnished on form 8-k on november 20, 2018.  the impact of these adjustments was $.10 per share for the year ended september 28, 2018.
fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
total revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018, were $14.98 billion, an increase of $4.96 billion, or 49.5%, from $10.02 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues was due primarily to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition, which contributed approximately $3.81 billion in incremental revenues for fiscal 2018. higher volumes in our legacy aten, biaf and ecr businesses also contributed to the increase.
pass-through costs included in revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $3.06 billion in comparison to $2.54 billion in the prior year. these year-over-year increases are due primarily to impacts from the ch2m acquisition as well as to pass-through costs in revenues from the aten businesses. in general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. pass-through costs are generally incurred at specific points during the life cycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients' projects. however, because we have hundreds of projects which start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business.
gross profit for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $2.83 billion, up $1.06 billion, or 59.6% from $1.77 billion from the corresponding period in 2017. our gross profit margins were 18.9% and 17.7% for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively. the higher volume impacts seen in our aten, biaf and ecr businesses, incremental benefits of the ch2m businesses acquired, and our continuing strategic focus on realigning our portfolio to higher margin businesses and project execution drove improving gross profit and margins for the year over year periods.
selling, general & administrative expenses for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $2.18 billion, an increase of $800.4 million, or 58.0%, from $1.38 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in sg&a expenses is due mainly to incremental sg&a expense from the ch2m businesses acquired of approximately $650.3 million during the 2018 period, which included $99.3 million of restructuring and other charges and deal related costs, as well as higher personnel related costs year over year and charges associated with a legal matter of $15.0 million. also, unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange (mainly from the stronger australian dollar and indian rupee) approximated $16.0 million.
net interest expense for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $67.8 million, an increase of $64.5 million from $3.3 million for the corresponding period last year. the increases in net interest expense as compared to the corresponding periods last year was due primarily to higher levels of average debt balances outstanding related to financing activities for the acquisition of ch2m, which was partially funded with term loan financing of $1.5 billion and revolving credit line borrowings of $850 million.
page 40
miscellaneous expense, net for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $4.5 million, a decrease of $2.1 million as compared to $6.6 million for the corresponding period last year. the increases were due primarily to unfavorable year over year impacts from unrealized gains and losses from foreign exchange.
gain/(loss) on disposal of business and investments was $(21.0) million and $10.9 million for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017, respectively. the reported loss amounts for fiscal 2018 were associated mainly with the company's divestiture of its equity investment in the guimar joint venture. the 2017 gain amount was associated mainly with the company's divestiture of its equity investment in neste jacobs oy, a joint venture between the company and neste corporation.
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate is generally higher than the u.s. statutory rate of 24.60010276% primarily due to the impacts related to u.s. tax reform and the integration of ch2m's tax attributes. the following table reconciles total income tax expense using the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate to the consolidated income tax expense shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended september 28, 2018                %             september 29, 2017                %
statutory amount                                       $136,458                 24.6    %              $137,626                 35.0    %
state taxes, net of the federal benefit                   7,587                  1.4    %                 8,955                  2.3    %
exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests           (2,389)                 (0.4   )%                 2,223                  0.6    %
foreign:
difference in tax rates of foreign operations             9,860                  1.8    %               (16,987        )        (4.3   )%
benefit from valuation allowance                        (5,105)                 (0.9   )%                (3,085        )        (0.8   )%
release u.k. tax rate change on deferred tax assets                   -                    -                          -                    -
nontaxable income from foreign affiliate                      -                    -                     (3,280        )        (0.8   )%
u.s. tax cost of foreign operations                       6,577                  1.2    %                18,612                  4.7    %
tax differential on foreign earnings                     11,332                  2.0    %                (4,740        )        (1.2   )%
foreign tax credits                                    (21,729)                 (3.9   )%               (20,454        )        (5.2   )%
tax reform                                                       154,150        27.8    %                     -                    -
valuation allowance                                     104,221                 18.8    %                     -                    -
uncertain tax positions                                 (1,297)                 (0.2   )%                (5,779        )        (1.5   )%
other items:
irs 179d deduction                                     (4,520)                 (0.8   )%                (3,351        )        (0.8   )%
irs 199d deduction                                           -                    -                     (2,113        )        (0.5   )%
foreign partnership loss                                (3,990)                 (0.7   )%                (9,861        )        (2.5   )%
other items - net                                         1,740                  0.3    %                 3,336                  0.7    %
total other items                                                (6,770)        (1.2   )%               (11,989        )        (3.1   )%
taxes on income                                        $381,563                 68.8    %              $105,842                 26.9    %
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate for the year ended september 28, 2018 increased to 68.788%% from 26.9% in fiscal 2017. key drivers for this year over year increase include the impacts from the provisional remeasurement of the deferred tax items and other impacts from u.s. tax reform.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted in the united states. the act reduces the top corporate u.s. federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% starting on january 1, 2018, resulting in a blended statutory tax rate for fiscal year filers. the company's blended federal statutory tax rate for fiscal 2018 is 24.6%. it also requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, places limitations and exclusions on varied tax deductions and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. the majority of the tax provisions are effective for the first tax year beginning after january 1, 2018, which will be the company's taxable year beginning fiscal 2019.
fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016
page 41
total revenues for the year ended september 29, 2017, were $10.02 billion, decrease of $941.4 million, or 8.6%, from $10.96 billion for the corresponding period last year. the decrease in revenues was due primarily to lower volumes in the ecr and aten lobs. these lower volumes were driven mainly by lower field services volume, primarily with ecr customers and the timing of project completions versus new project timing.
pass-through costs included in revenues for the year ended september 29, 2017 were $2.54 billion in comparison to $2.49 billion in line with amounts in the corresponding period last year. in general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. pass-through costs are generally incurred at specific points during the life cycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients' projects. however, because we have hundreds of projects which start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business.
gross profit for the year ended september 29, 2017 was $1.77 billion, an increase of $4.4 million, or 0.25% from the corresponding period in 2016. our gross profit margins were 17.7% and 16.1% for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016, respectively. our continuing strategic focus on realigning our portfolio to higher margin businesses and project execution drove improving gross profit and margins for the year over year periods.
selling, general & administrative expenses for the year ended september 29, 2017 were $1.38 billion, decrease of $49.2 million, or 3.44%, from $1.43 billion for the corresponding period last year. the decrease in sg&a expenses for the comparative annual periods was due mainly to lower restructuring and other charges of $75.9 million and related savings from the 2015 restructuring.  these decreases were offset in part by higher year over year spending mainly in personnel related costs and professional service fees, including an additional $17.1 million associated with ch2m professional service fees and integration costs.
net interest expense for the year ended september 29, 2017 was $3.3 million, a decrease of $4.1 million from $7.4 million for the corresponding period last year. the decrease in interest expense for the year ended september 29, 2017 as compared to the corresponding period last year was due primarily to the reversal of $2.5 million of accrued interest expense related to the statute expiration of a foreign tax reserve as well as higher levels of interest income.
miscellaneous expense, net for the year ended september 29, 2017 was $6.6 million, an increase as compared to $3.1 million million for the corresponding period last year. this change was due primarily to a reversal in fiscal 2016 of $5.1 million of accrued penalties related to the statute expiration of a foreign tax reserve, which did not recur in fiscal 2017, offset in part by other miscellaneous charges.
gain (loss) on disposal of business and investments was $10.9 million and $(41.4) million for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016, respectively.  the reported amounts for fiscal 2017 were associated mainly with the company's divestiture of its equity investment in neste jacobs oy, a joint venture between the company and neste corporation. the $(41.4) million loss on disposal in fiscal 2016 was mainly attributable to the company's loss on the sale of our french subsidiary of $24.4 million, and a non-cash write-off on an equity investment of $17.0 million.
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate is generally lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the impacts of favorable tax rate differences in our foreign operations. the following table reconciles total income tax expense using the statutory u.s. federal income tax rate to the consolidated income tax expense shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):
page 42
for the years ended september 29, 2017                %             september 30, 2016                 %
statutory amount                                          $137,626                   35    %              $100,353                  35.0    %
state taxes, net of the federal benefit                      8,955                  2.3    %                 7,853                   2.7    %
exclusion of tax on non-controlling interests                2,223                  0.6    %                (1,418        )         (0.5   )%
foreign:
difference in tax rates of foreign operations              (16,987        )        (4.3   )%               (17,184        )         (6.0   )%
benefit from foreign valuation allowance release            (3,085        )        (0.8   )%               (11,182        )         (3.9   )%
u.k. tax rate change on deferred tax assets                      -                    -    %                 8,853                   3.1    %
nontaxable income from foreign affiliate                    (3,280        )        (0.8   )%                     -                     -    %
u.s. tax cost of foreign operations                         18,612                  4.7    %                30,850                  10.9    %
tax differential on foreign earnings                        (4,740        )        (1.2   )%                11,337                   4.1    %
foreign tax credits                                        (20,454        )        (5.2   )%               (44,018        )        (15.4   )%
uncertain tax positions                                     (5,779        )        (1.5   )%                 1,449                   0.5    %
other items:
irs 179d deduction                                         (3,351        )        (0.8   )%                (2,153        )         (0.8   )%
irs 199d deduction                                         (2,113        )        (0.5   )%                (2,800        )         (1.0   )%
foreign partnership loss                                    (9,861        )        (2.5   )%                (2,658        )         (0.9   )%
other items - net                                            3,336                  0.7    %                 4,263                   1.5    %
total other items                                          (11,989        )        (3.1   )%                (3,348        )         (1.2   )%
taxes on income                                           $105,842                 26.9    %               $72,208                  25.2    %
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate for the year ended september 29, 2017 increased to 26.9% from 25.2% for fiscal 2016.  key drivers for this year over year increase include the impacts of lower foreign tax credit benefits and lower benefits from valuation allowance releases on foreign deferred tax assets, partly offset by favorable impacts of u.s. tax cost of foreign operations, the non-recurrence of 2016 tax rate change impacts on deferred income tax assets in the uk and favorable impacts from change in uncertain tax positions.
page 43
segment financial information the following tables present total revenues and segment operating profit for each reportable segment (in thousands) and includes a reconciliation of segment operating profit to total u.s. gaap operating profit by including certain corporate-level expenses and expenses relating to the restructuring and other charges and transaction costs associated with the ch2m transaction and integration costs and the ecr sale (in thousands). prior period information has been recast to reflect the current period presentation.
for the years ended september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017             september 30, 2016
revenues from external customers:
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear         $4,372,008                     $2,464,363                     $2,845,913
buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities         6,184,883                      3,830,697                      3,419,505
energy, chemicals and resources                           4,427,755                      3,727,728                      4,698,739
total                                                   $14,984,646                    $10,022,788                    $10,964,157
for the years ended september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017             september 30, 2016
segment operating profit:
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear (1)           $311,871                       $200,179                       $215,119
buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities (2)           482,277                        263,679                        217,412
energy, chemicals and resources                                 218,109                        161,312                        153,797
total segment operating profit                                1,012,257                        625,170                        586,328
other corporate expenses                                       (113,702        )               (81,595        )               (60,100        )
restructuring and other charges                                (170,148        )              (134,206        )              (187,630        )
transaction costs                                               (80,436        )               (17,100        )                     -
total u.s. gaap operating profit                                647,971                        392,269                        338,598
gain (loss) on disposal of business and investments             (20,967        )                10,880                        (41,410        )
total other (expense) income, net (3)                           (72,299        )                (9,932        )               (10,465        )
earnings before taxes                                          $554,705                       $393,217                       $286,723
(1)   includes $15.0 million in charges during the year ended september 28, 2018 associated with a legal matter.
(2)   excludes $23.8 in restructuring and other charges for the year ended september 29, 2017. see note 8, restructuring and other charges.
(3)   includes amortization of deferred financing fees related to the ch2m acquisition of $1.8 million for the year ended september 28, 2018. also, includes $1.2 million and $277 thousand of restructuring and other charges for the years ended september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016, respectively.
in evaluating the company's performance by operating segment, the codm reviews various metrics and statistical data for each lob but focuses primarily on revenues and operating profit. as discussed above, segment operating profit includes not only local sg&a expenses but the sg&a expenses of the company's support groups that have been allocated to the segments. in addition, the company attributes each lob's specific incentive compensation plan costs to the lobs. the revenues of certain lobs are more affected by pass-through revenues than other lobs. the methods for recognizing revenue, incentive fees, project losses and change orders are consistent among the lobs.
during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2017, the company implemented certain restructuring activities (primarily severance related activities) associated with the company's acquisition of ch2m. following the closing of the ch2m acquisition, these activities have continued into fiscal 2018 and include associated charges for professional services, personnel costs, severance and costs associated with co-locating jacobs and ch2m offices, amounting to approximately $190.8 million in pre-tax charges during fiscal 2018. these activities are expected to continue through 2019. these activities are not expected to involve the exit of any service types or client end-markets.
transaction costs associated with the ch2m acquisition in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for the years ended september 28, 2018 and september 29, 2017 are comprised of the following (in millions):
page 44
for the years ended september 28, 2018              september 29, 2017
personnel costs                                      $50.2                            $2.2
professional services and other expenses              27.5            14.9
total                                                $77.7                           $17.1
personnel costs above include change of control payments and related severance costs. in evaluating the company's performance by operating segment, the codm reviews revenues and operating profit. as discussed above, segment operating profit includes not only local sg&a expenses but the sg&a expenses of the company's support groups that have been allocated to the segments. in addition, the company attributes each lob's specific incentive compensation plan costs to the lobs. the revenues of certain lobs are more affected by pass-through revenues than other lobs. the methods for recognizing revenue, incentive fees, project losses and change orders are consistent among the lobs.
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear for the years ended september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017             september 30, 2016
revenue            $4,372,008                     $2,464,363                     $2,845,913
operating profit   $311,871                       $200,179                       $215,119
fiscal 2018 vs. 2017
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear segment revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $4.37 billion, up $1.91 billion, or 77.4%, from $2.46 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues were due in large part to nuclear and environmental revenue resulting from the ch2m acquisition. also, our revenues were positively impacted by year over year revenue volume growth across our legacy portfolio, highlighted by increased spending by customers in the u.s. government business sector and our nuclear and defense unit in the u.k. impacts on revenues from favorable foreign currency were approximately $23.8 million for fiscal year 2018.
operating profit for the segment was $311.9 million for the year ended september 28, 2018, up $111.7 million, or 55.8%, from $200.2 million for the corresponding period last year. in addition to incremental operating profit benefits from the ch2m acquisition, the increase from the prior year was primarily attributable to continued growth in profits from our u.s. governmental business sector and improvements in our nuclear and defense unit in the u.k. and fee income with our u.k. joint venture. sg&a for the aten segment increased for fiscal 2018 attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m acquisition during the fiscal 2018 and additional charges of $15.0 million associated with a legal matter incurred during fiscal 2018.
fiscal 2017 vs. 2016
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear segment revenues for the year ended september 29, 2017 were $2.46 billion, down $381.6 million, or 13.4%, from $2.85 billion for the corresponding period in 2016. the decrease in revenues was mainly in our u.s. government business sector, where rebid losses and small business award preferences drove the declines. unfavorable foreign currency impacts of approximately $13.0 million also contributed to this year over year decline. these unfavorable items were partially offset by positive gains from organic growth and improvement in our telecommunications sector, our nasa projects and our projects for the ministry of defense in australia.
operating profit for the aten segment was $200.2 million for the year ended september 29, 2017, down $14.9 million, or 6.9%, from $215.1 million for the year ended september 30, 2016. this decrease in profitability was due primarily to the revenue declines in the u.s. government business sector mentioned above, as well as lower equity income from our u.k. joint venture for the comparative periods mainly associated with year over year declines in project funding.
buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities page 45
for the years ended september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017             september 30, 2016
revenue            $6,184,883                     $3,830,697                     $3,419,505
operating profit   $482,277                       $263,679                       $217,412
fiscal 2018 vs. 2017
revenues for the buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities segment for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $6.18 billion, up $2.35 billion, or 61.5%, from $3.83 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues was due in part to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition of approximately $2.22 billion together with revenue increases across all our businesses with strong investment in life sciences, electronics, water and transport infrastructure markets. impacts on revenues from favorable foreign currency were approximately $59.6 million for fiscal 2018.
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $482.3 million, an increase of $218.6 million, or 82.9%, from $263.7 million for the comparative period in 2017. the increase in operating profit was in part due to favorable impacts from the ch2m acquisition, together with positive impacts from the higher year over year revenues for the segment. sg&a for the biaf segment increased for fiscal 2018, with this increase being attributable mainly to incremental sg&a associated with the ch2m acquisition during fiscal 2018.
fiscal 2017 vs. 2016
revenues for the buildings, infrastructure and advances facilities segment for the year ended september 29, 2017 were $3.83 billion, an increase of $411.2 million, or 12.0%, versus $3.42 billion for the corresponding period in 2016. the year over year increases in revenues was due mainly to u.s. client spending level increases in the pmcm market and increased client major capex spending in the life sciences business. year over year impacts on revenues from unfavorable foreign currency were approximately $36.0 million.
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 29, 2017 was $263.7 million, up $46.3 million, or 21.3%, compared to $217.4 million for 2016. excluded from the presented operating profit amounts for the year ending september 29, 2017 were $23.8 million in restructuring and other charges related to strategic business restructuring activities in our u.k, middle east and europe businesses. increases in profitability for the period in 2017 over 2016 were due mainly to higher revenue from the u.s. pmcm projects and higher levels of professional service and project procurement business in the life sciences business, partially offset by charges from a contract settlement of $6.0 million.
energy, chemicals and resources for the years ended september 28, 2018             september 29, 2017             september 28, 2018
revenue            $4,427,755                     $3,727,728                     $4,698,739
operating profit   $218,109                       $161,312                       $153,797
fiscal 2018 vs. 2017
energy, chemicals and resources revenues for the year ended september 28, 2018 were $4.43 billion, an increase of $700.0 million, or 18.8%, from $3.73 billion for the corresponding period last year. the increase in revenues was due primarily to the ongoing execution of several large petrochemical projects with significant pass-through costs, growth in the construction operations and maintenance market as clients focus on capital efficiency, the continued recovery of mining and minerals market as clients begin the transition from feasibility studies into the investment phase of projects, and the increasing trend among oil producers to drive downstream investments to refining and chemicals. also, the ch2m acquisition added approximately $284.4 million during fiscal year 2018. additionally, foreign currency impacts were favorable by approximately $56.4 million for fiscal 2018 versus the corresponding periods of 2017.
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 28, 2018 was $218.1 million, an increase of $56.8 million or 35.2% from $161.3 million for the corresponding period last year. the increase in profitability was due to higher revenue and favorable mix across the portfolio. sg&a for the segment was up $77.0 million for fiscal 2018 versus the 2017 periods, due page 46
mainly to incremental operating general and administrative expense coming with the ch2m acquisition. additionally, included in the prior fiscal year was a one-time $9.9 million benefit associated with benefit plan changes in our india operations.
fiscal 2017 vs. 2016
energy, chemicals and resources revenues for the year ended september 29, 2017 were $3.73 billion, a decrease of $971.0 million, or 20.7%, versus $4.70 billion for the corresponding period in 2016. the decrease in revenues was primarily due to the completion or wind-down of several projects with significant pass-through revenue as well as award delays of large post front-end engineering and design projects, as clients continue to evaluate their capital spending plans as oil prices remained low and weaker market conditions in the mining and minerals business. these factors resulted in lower field service revenues compared with the prior year periods, while client investment spending continues primarily on compliance, maintenance and sustaining capital programs. additionally, foreign currency impacts were unfavorable of approximately $18.0 million on year over year revenue comparisons for fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2016.
operating profit for the segment for the year ended september 29, 2017 was $161.3 million, up $7.5 million, or 4.9%, compared to $153.8 million for 2016. increases in profitability for the period in 2017 over 2016 were due mainly to improved project performance in the minings & minerals business and sg&a savings from restructuring efforts and a one-time $9.9 million benefit associated with benefit plan changes in our india operations offset by revenue declines from lower business volumes as mentioned above, offset by revenue declines from lower business volumes mentioned previously.
other corporate expenses other corporate expense were $113.7 million, $81.6 million and $60.1 million for the years ended september 28, 2018, september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016. these increases were due primarily to increased intangible asset amortization relating to the ch2m acquisition, higher professional service fees, personnel related costs, settlement charges associated with certain of the company's pension plans and higher depreciation associated with increased corporate technology investments, partially offset by savings associated with the 2015 restructuring program.
included in other corporate expenses in the above table are costs and expenses which relate to general corporate activities as well as corporate-managed benefit and insurance programs. such costs and expenses include: (i) those elements of sg&a expenses relating to the business as a whole; (ii) those elements of our incentive compensation plans relating to corporate personnel whose other compensation costs are not allocated to the lobs; (iii) the amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of business combinations; (iv) the quarterly variances between the company's actual costs of certain of its self-insured integrated risk and employee benefit programs and amounts charged to the lobs; and (v) certain adjustments relating to costs associated with the company's international defined benefit pension plans. in addition, other corporate expenses may also include from time to time certain adjustments to contract margins (both positive and negative) associated with projects where it has been determined, in the opinion of management, that such adjustments are not indicative of the performance of the related lob.
backlog information backlog is not a defined measure and our methodology for determining backlog may vary from the methodology used by other companies. currently, we report a combined backlog number based upon the legacy reporting methodologies used by jacobs and the acquired business of ch2m prior to the acquisition while we work to harmonize these reporting methodologies as part of the company's integration activities underway.
we include in backlog the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. our policy with respect to o&m contracts, however, is to include in backlog the amount of revenues we expect to receive for one succeeding year, regardless of the remaining life of the contract. for national government programs (other than national government o&m contracts, which are subject to the same policy applicable to all other o&m contracts), our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded, excluding option periods. because of variations in the nature, size, expected duration, funding commitments and the scope of services required by our contracts, the timing of when backlog will be recognized as revenues can vary greatly between individual contracts.
consistent with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation or termination at the option of the client, including our u.s. government work. while management uses all information available to it to determine backlog, at any given time our backlog is subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as increases or decreases in costs relating to the contracts included therein. backlog is not necessarily an indicator of future revenues.
page 47
because certain contracts (e.g., contracts relating to large epc projects as well as national government programs) can cause large increases to backlog in the fiscal period in which we recognize the award, and because many of our contracts require us to provide services that span over a number of fiscal quarters (and sometimes over fiscal years), we evaluate our backlog on a year-over-year basis, rather than on a sequential, quarter-over-quarter basis.
please refer to item 1a- risk factors , above, for a discussion of other factors that may cause backlog to ultimately convert into revenues at different amounts.
the following table summarizes our backlog for the years ended september 28, 2018, september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016 (in millions):
september 28, 2018         september 29, 2017         september 30, 2016
aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear             $8,857                     $6,358                     $4,472
buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities            11,376                      6,789                      7,063
energy, chemicals and resources                               7,066                      6,642                      7,226
total                                                       $27,299                    $19,789                    $18,761
the increase in backlog in aerospace, technology, environmental and nuclear for the years presented were primarily the result of new awards from the u.s. federal government and the ch2m acquisition in fiscal year 2018.
the increase in backlog in buildings, infrastructure and advanced facilities for the years presented were primarily the result of new awards in australia and the u.s. markets and the ch2m acquisition in fiscal year 2018.
the increase in backlog in energy, chemicals and resources from fiscal year 2017 to 2018 was due to the ch2m acquisition offset in part by work off of projects in the americas with significant pass-through cost. the decrease seen in from fiscal year 2017 to 2016 was primarily due to the weakness in the upstream market, partly offset by strong performance in chemicals backlog.
backlog relating to work to be performed either directly or indirectly for the u.s. federal government and its agencies totaled approximately $6.8 billion (or 24.9% of total backlog), $4.6 billion (or 23.2% of total backlog) and $4.8 billion (or 25.4% of total backlog) at september 28, 2018, september 29, 2017 and september 30, 2016, respectively. most of our federal government contracts require that services be provided beyond one year. in general, these contracts must be funded annually (i.e., the amounts to be spent under the contract must be appropriated by the u.s. congress to the procuring agency, and then the agency must allot these sums to the specific contracts).
we estimate that approximately $9.9 billion, or 36%, of total backlog at september 28, 2018 will be realized as revenues within the next fiscal year.
liquidity and capital resources at september 28, 2018, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of $793.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, $1,448.4 million of available borrowing capacity under our $1.6 billion 2014 revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and cash flows from operating activities. additional information regarding the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility is set forth in note 9 - borrowings in notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k. we finance much of our operations and growth through cash generated by our operations.
on december 15, 2017, the company completed the acquisition of ch2m hill companies, ltd. (ch2m), an international provider of engineering, construction, and technical services, by acquiring 100% of the outstanding shares of ch2m common stock and preferred stock. the company paid total consideration of approximately $1.8 billion in cash (excluding $315.2 million in cash acquired) and issued approximately $1.4 billion of jacobs' common stock to the former stockholders and certain equity award holders of ch2m. in connection with the acquisition, the company also assumed ch2m's revolving credit facility and second lien notes, including a $20.0 million prepayment penalty, which totaled approximately $700.0 million. immediately following the effective time of the acquisition, the company repaid ch2m's revolving credit facility and second lien notes including the related prepayment penalty. the company financed the cash consideration for the ch2m acquisition, the repayment of ch2m's outstanding indebtedness and other transaction expenses with a combination of cash on hand and debt financing, which included borrowings under the term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion and additional borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
page 48
at september 28, 2018, our cash and cash equivalents were $793.4 million, an increase of $19.1 million from $774.2 million at september 29, 2017.
this increase was due to cash flows provided by operations of $481.2 million and favorable cash flows from financing activities of $1.1 billion, partly offset by $1.6 billion in cash flows used in investing activities and exchange rate effects on cash of $(26.8) million.
our cash flow from operations of $481.2 million during fiscal 2018 was comparatively lower than the $574.9 million in cash flow from operations for the corresponding period in fiscal 2017, due mainly to higher levels of working capital (mainly in accounts receivable), lower net earnings attributable to the group, cash used for payments on the opening balance sheet liabilities and post acquisition costs incurred in connection with the ch2m acquisition and payments associated with obligations from restructuring and other charges.
with respect to the company's working capital accounts, the company's cash flows from operations are greatly affected by the cost-plus nature of our customer contracts. because such a high percentage of our revenues are earned on cost-plus type contracts, and due to the significance of revenues relating to pass-through costs, most of the costs we incur are included in invoices we send to clients. although we continually monitor our accounts receivable, we manage the operating cash flows of the company by managing the working capital accounts in total, rather than by the individual elements. the primary elements of the company's working capital accounts are accounts receivable, accounts payable and billings in excess of cost. accounts payable consist of obligations to third parties relating primarily to costs incurred for projects which are generally billable to clients. accounts receivable consist of amounts due from our clients of which a substantial portion are for project-related costs. billings in excess of cost consist of billings to and payments from our clients for costs yet to be incurred.
this relationship between revenues and costs, and between receivables and payables, is unique to our industry, and facilitates review of our liquidity at the total working capital level.
our cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2018 of $1.6 billion was comparatively higher than the $236.2 million cash used in investing activities for the corresponding period in fiscal 2017 which was primarily driven by cash used for the ch2m acquisition, net of cash amounts acquired from the acquisition of $315.2 million. additions to property and equipment were slightly down from the comparative period.
our cash from financing activities of $1.1 billion for fiscal 2018 resulted mainly from proceeds from borrowings of $5.8 billion, most of which was used in connection with financing of the ch2m acquisition. repayments of long-term debt of $4.6 billion during first half of fiscal 2018 were up compared to $1.8 billion in fiscal 2017, with this increase due mainly to the payoff of ch2m's legacy debt balances in connection with the closing of the acquisition. comparatively lower cash flows from proceeds from issuances of common stock during fiscal 2018 were offset by lower cash outflows for common stock repurchases. the company paid $86.6 million in dividends, including to noncontrolling interests of $4.6 million, during the year, with $58.8 million in dividends paid in the comparative prior year period.
at september 28, 2018, the company had approximately $342.9 million in cash and cash equivalents held in the u.s. and $450.5 million held outside of the u.s. (primarily in the u.k., the eurozone, chile and india), which is used primarily for funding operations in those regions. other than the tax cost of repatriating funds to the u.s. (see note 13- income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k), there are no material impediments to repatriating these funds to the u.s.
the company had $446.6 million in letters of credit outstanding at september 28, 2018. of this amount, $2.5 million was issued under the revolving credit facility and $444.1 million was issued under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities.
on october 21, 2018, jacobs and worleyparsons limited, a company incorporated in australia ("buyer"), entered into a stock and asset purchase agreement pursuant to which buyer agreed to acquire the company's ecr business for a purchase price of $3.3 billion consisting of (i) $2.6 billion in cash plus (ii) ordinary shares of the buyer equal to $700 million, subject to adjustments for changes in working capital and certain other items (the "transaction"). the transaction, which has been approved by the boards of directors of the company and buyer, is expected to close in the first half of calendar year 2019.
we believe we have adequate liquidity and capital resources to fund our operations and support our debt service, and also to make discretionary payments such as the payment of dividends and buyback of shares and to support our ongoing acquisition strategy for the next twelve months based on the liquidity provided by our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our borrowing capacity page 49
remaining under the revolving credit facility and our continuing cash from operations. we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants at september 28, 2018.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth certain information about our contractual obligations as of september 28, 2018 (in thousands):
payments due by fiscal period total             1 year or less               1 - 3 years             3 - 5 years           more than 5 years debt obligations                                                    $2,151,877                    $941                 $1,650,936                      $-                  $500,000
operating leases (1)                                                 1,219,521                 215,375                    346,009                 251,605                   406,532
obligations under defined benefit pension plans (2)                    359,074                  34,150                     71,404                  75,753                   177,767
obligations under nonqualified deferred compensation plans (3)         258,901                  38,015                     80,697                  84,778                    55,410
purchase obligations (4)                                             2,693,034               2,596,228                     96,806                       -                         -
interest (5)                                                           176,080                  61,302                     85,158                  29,620                         -
total                                                               $6,858,487              $2,946,011                 $2,331,010                $441,756                $1,139,709
(1)   assumes the company will make the end of lease term residual value guarantee payment of $62.4 million in 2025 with respect to the lease of an office building in houston, texas. please refer to note 14- commitments and contingencies and derivative financial instruments of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)   assumes that future contributions will be consistent with amounts projected to be contributed in fiscal 2018, allowing for certain growth based on rates of inflation and salary increases, but limited to the amount recorded as of september 28, 2018. actual contributions will depend on a variety of factors, including amounts required by local laws and regulations, and other funding requirements.
(3)   assumes that future payments will be consistent with amounts paid in fiscal 2018. due to the non-qualified nature of the plans, and the fact that benefits are based in part on years of service, the payments included in the schedule were limited to the amount recorded as of september 28, 2018.
(4)   represents those liabilities estimated to be under firm contractual commitments as of september 28, 2018; primarily accounts payable, accrued payroll and accrued dividends.
(5)   determined based on borrowings outstanding at the end of fiscal 2018 using the interest rates in effect at that time and, for our outstanding long-term debt, concluding with the expiration date of the debt facilities, as defined below.
effects of inflation and changing prices the effects of inflation and changing prices on our business is discussed in item 1a- risk factors , and is incorporated herein by reference.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the form of guarantees not reflected in our balance sheet that arise in the normal course of business. however, such off-balance sheet arrangements are not reasonably likely to have an effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or resources that are material to investors. see note 14 - commitments and contingencies and derivative financial instruments of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements from time to time, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issues accounting standards updates (each an "asu") to its accounting standards codification ("asc"), which constitutes the primary source of u.s. gaap. the company regularly monitors asus as they are issued and considers their applicability to its business. all asus applicable to the company are adopted by the due date and in the manner prescribed by the fasb.
revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09 revenue from contracts with customers. the new guidance provided by asu 2014-09 is intended to remove inconsistencies and perceived weaknesses in the existing revenue requirements, provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability, provide more useful information and simplify the preparation page 50
of financial statements. the effective date for asu 2014-09 is for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017 and interim periods therein.
the company's adoption activities have been performed over three phases: (i) assessment, (ii) design and (iii) implementation. as part of these phases, the company has identified the following potentially significant differences to date:
performance obligations under current u.s. gaap, the company typically segments contracts that contain multiple services by service type - for instance, engineering, procurement and construction services - for purposes of revenue recognition. under asu 2014-09, multiple-service contracts where the company is responsible for providing a single deliverable (e.g., a constructed asset) will be treated as a single performance obligation for purposes of revenue recognition and thus no longer will be segmented. typically, this will occur when the company is contracted to perform both engineering and construction on a project. in these circumstances, the timing and pattern of revenue recognition will change. the remainder of the company's contracts will continue to be treated as having discrete units of account because they either contain only one service or because the company has determined that the component services in the contract are distinct.
contract modifications in many instances, the company enters into separate contracts for related services (e.g., engineering and construction) but is held responsible for providing a single deliverable ("phased projects"). under asu 2014-09, the separate contracts may be required to be combined and treated as a single contract with one performance obligation. this modification or combination of contracts may result in a cumulative catchup adjustment, which will have an immediate impact on the company's results of operations in the period the contract combination or modification occurs. in addition, it will change the timing and pattern of revenue recognition after the period the contracts have been combined or modified.
based on the two noted changes above, the company has identified selected changes to our systems, processes and internal controls and designed updates for each to meet the standard's revised reporting and disclosure requirements. the company has also assessed the impact of asu 2014-09 to the recently acquired ch2m business. we will align ch2m's accounting policies, processes and controls with the policies, processes and controls being implemented across the company.
the company will adopt the new standard using the modified retrospective application for periods beginning with the first fiscal quarter of 2019. this standard will impact the company's consolidated financial statements and will its administrative operations. the impact will depend on the magnitude of the items discussed above. while the company will continue to evaluate the impact through the implementation phase, we expect a reduction of retained earnings in our consolidated financial statements in the period of adoption due to revenue recognition timing for certain engineering and construction contracts shifting as a result of being accounted for as a single performance obligation. this adjustment will create a corresponding adjustment in the company's consolidated financial statements to accounts receivable and unbilled receivables and to billings in excess of costs.
lease accounting in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02 leases. asu 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases. asu 2016-02 is effective for public entity financial statements for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods. early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. the new guidance currently requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. asu 2016-02 was further clarified and amended within asu 2017-13, asu 2018-01, asu 2018-10 and asu 2018-11 which included provisions that would provide us with the option to adopt the provisions of the new guidance using a modified retrospective transition approach, without adjusting the comparative periods presented. the company is evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. this standard could have a significant administrative impact on its operations, and the company will further assess the impact through its implementation program.
other pronouncements in august 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-12, derivatives and hedging (topic 815): targeted improvements to accounting for hedging activities. asu 2017-12 provides financial reporting improvements related to hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity's risk management activities in its financial statements. additionally, asu no. 2017-12 makes certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of the hedge accounting guidance. the revised guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. the company is evaluating the impact of page 51
the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. it is not expected that the updated guidance will have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
asu 2017-04, simplifying the test for goodwill impairment, is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. asu 2017-04 removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. an entity will now recognize a goodwill impairment charge for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. management does not expect the adoption of asu 2017-04 to have any impact on the company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in march 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-07, compensation- retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. this new standard intends to improve the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost. the new standard requires the service cost component of net periodic cost be reported in the same line item(s) as other employee compensation costs and all other components of the net periodic cost be reported in the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income below operating income. asu 2017-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017 for public companies and early adoption is permitted. management is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of asu 2017-07 will have on the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
