item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
if we pursue strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses.
from time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. with respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, or achieve expected returns, expected synergies and other benefits as a result of integration challenges, or may not achieve those objectives on a timely basis. future acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject us to local laws and regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to, among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes, government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act.
with respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
8
the proposed divestiture of our cookies and fruit snacks businesses is subject to various risks and uncertainties, and may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all.
on november 12, 2018, we announced our intention to explore a sale of our cookies business (including the keebler, famous amos, mother's and murray brands), fruit snacks business (including the stretch island brand), and our pie crust and ice cream cone businesses. there can be no assurance of the terms, timing or structure of any transaction involving such businesses, whether we will be able to identify buyers for the businesses on favorable terms or at all, or whether any such transaction will take place at all. in addition, any such transaction is subject to risks and uncertainties, including unanticipated developments, regulatory approvals or clearances and uncertainty in the financial markets, that could delay or prevent the completion of any such transaction.
the proposed divestiture of our cookies and fruit snacks businesses may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits.
executing the proposed divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crust and ice cream cone businesses will require us to incur costs and will require the time and attention of our senior management and key employees, which could distract them from operating our business, disrupt operations, and result in the loss of business opportunities, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we may also experience increased difficulty in attracting, retaining and motivating key employees during the pendency of the divestiture and following its completion, which could harm our business. even if the proposed divestiture is completed, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the divestiture and the divestiture may in fact adversely affect our business.
we may not realize the benefits that we expect from our global efficiency and effectiveness program (project k).
in november 2013, the company announced a global efficiency and effectiveness program (project k). while we are in the final year of project k and many of the initiatives under the program have been successfully implemented or are nearing completion, we may not be able to conclude project k as planned. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing the remaining anticipated benefits or our not realizing the anticipated benefits on our expected timetable. any failure to conclude project k in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may not realize the benefits we expect from revenue growth management.
we are utilizing formal revenue growth management practices to help us realize price in a more effective way. this approach addresses price strategy, price-pack architecture, promotion strategy, mix management, and trade strategies. revenue growth management involves changes to the way we do business and may not always be accepted by our customers, consumers or third party providers causing us not to realize the anticipated benefits. in addition, the complexity of the execution requires a substantial amount of management and operational resources. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from other business issues and have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. any failure to execute revenue growth management in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our business or financial condition.
our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials, including agricultural commodities, fuel and labor.
agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, potato flakes, vegetable oils, sugar and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in our products. cartonboard, corrugated, and plastic are the principal packaging materials used by us. the cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy, regulation, and/or shutdown, drought and other weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change) or other unforeseen circumstances. to the extent that any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials. our hedged price could exceed the spot price on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on both gross margin and net earnings.
cereal processing ovens at major domestic and international facilities are regularly fueled by electricity, natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. short-term stand-by propane storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in natural gas supplies. oil may also be used to fuel certain operations at various plants. in addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the
9
distribution of our products. the cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy, regulation and/or shutdown, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
our results may be adversely affected by increases in transportation costs and reduced availability of or increases in the price of oil or other fuels.
we rely on trucking and railroad operators to deliver incoming ingredients to our manufacturing locations and to deliver finished products to our customers. shortages of truck drivers and railroad workers have contributed to increased freight costs, which has had a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. transportation costs are further increasing as a result of high levels of long-haul driver turnover and increased railroad traffic and service issues. additionally, energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline. an increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution and costs to purchase our products from suppliers. increases in transportation and energy and fuel costs has, and may continue to affect our profitability and may increase the cost of our products, which may reduce consumer demand.
a shortage in the labor pool, failure to successfully negotiate collectively bargained agreements, or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
our labor costs include the cost of providing benefits for employees. we sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the united states and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment benefits. we also participate in a number of multiemployer pension plans for certain of our manufacturing locations. our major pension plans and u.s. collectively bargained retiree health and welfare plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. the annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of return on major plan assets, a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained agreements. strikes or work stoppages and interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results. the terms and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency.
multiemployer pension plans could adversely affect our business.
we participate in various "multiemployer" pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our employees. we make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. our required contributions to these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. there is the potential that the sale of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crust and ice cream cone businesses may result in withdrawal liability under certain multiemployer pension plans and any such withdrawal could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.  our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. in the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in that event, we could face a withdrawal liability. some multiemployer plans in which we participate are reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability.
10
we operate in the highly competitive food industry.
we face competition across our product lines, including snacks, ready-to-eat cereals and other convenience foods, from other companies which have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. the principal aspects of our business where we face competition include brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space, navigating the growing e-commerce marketplace, convenient ordering and delivery to the consumer and customer service. most of our competitors have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. our competition with other companies in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in some cases, our competitors may be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions more quickly than us. category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products, anticipating changes in consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors or in effectively assessing, changing and setting proper pricing.
the changing retail environment and the growing presence of alternative retail channels, could negatively impact our sales and profits.
our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade. our largest customer, wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 19% of consolidated net sales during 2018, comprised principally of sales within the united states. no other customer accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2018. during 2018, our top five customers, collectively, including wal-mart, accounted for approximately 33% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 49% of u.s. net sales. there can be no assurances that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. as the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers become larger, our large retail customers have sought, and may continue to seek in the future, to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms. if we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. the loss of any large customer or severe adverse impact on the business operations of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits.
additionally, alternative retail channels, such as internet-based retailers, mobile applications, subscription services, discount and dollar stores, drug stores and club stores, have become more prevalent. this trend away from traditional retail grocery, and towards such channels, is expected to continue in the future. if we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be negatively impacted. in addition, these alternative retail channels may create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. also, if these alternative retail channels, such as internet-based retailers were to take significant share away from traditional retailers that could have a flow over effect on our business and our financial results could be negatively impacted.
11
our results may be negatively impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands.
we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we, or any of our employees, have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, the products becoming unavailable to consumers, or the failure to meet the nutrition expectations of our products or particular ingredients in our products (whether or not valid), including whether certain of our products are perceived to contribute to obesity. in addition, we might fail to anticipate consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors, invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image or achieve the desired efforts of our marketing efforts. the growing use of social and digital media by consumers, kellogg and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about kellogg, our brands, our products or any of our employees on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands, reputation and brand loyalty, regardless of the information's accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. brand recognition and loyalty can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs and sponsorships, as well as our use of social media. if we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be negatively impacted.
tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions where the company's subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions (including shifts in the geopolitical landscape), tax rates in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions have been and may be subject to significant change. the future effective tax rate could be effected by changes in mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in valuation of deferred tax asset and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation which includes recently enacted u.s. tax reform and contemplated changes in other countries of long-standing tax principles if finalized and adopted could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred tax balances.
we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the u.s. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
we also need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations.
if our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled, we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability if consumers are injured as a result.
selling food products involves a number of legal and other risks, including product contamination, food borne illnesses, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. we may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. a widespread product recall or market withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. we could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. a significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our company and our products or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands.
we could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of
12
products in this category. adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
unanticipated business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, contract manufacturer locations, warehousing and distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. our ability to make, move and sell products globally is critical to our success. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as product or raw material scarcity, weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, fires or explosions, terrorism, political unrest, unrest or government shutdowns, cybersecurity breaches, health pandemics, disruptions in logistics, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, or strikes, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers' or contract manufacturers' operations. if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, technology, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. if that occurs, we may lose our customers' confidence, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
evolving tax, environmental, food quality and safety or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, labeling, trade, food quality and safety and other regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition.
our activities or products, both in and outside of the united states, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies, including the u.s. food and drug administration, u.s. federal trade commission, the u.s. departments of agriculture, commerce and labor, as well as similar and other authorities outside of the united states, international accords and treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other bodies. legal and regulatory systems can change quickly, as demonstrated by the events of the brexit vote. in addition, legal and regulatory systems in emerging and developing markets may be less developed, and less certain. these laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic, regulatory or social events. in addition, the enforcement of remedies in certain foreign jurisdictions may be less certain, resulting in varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights.
the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulation that impose additional regulatory requirements. those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety, ingredients, advertising, product or production requirements, labeling, import or export of our products or ingredients, relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety, the environment, and restrictions on the use of government programs, such as supplemental nutritional assistance program, to purchase certain of our products.
the marketing of food products has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. we are also regulated with respect to matters such as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax, anticorruption standards, advertising and claims, and environmental matters. the need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety, labeling or other laws or regulations, or new, evolving or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. governmental and administrative bodies within the u.s. are considering a variety of trade and other regulatory reforms. changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised nutrition facts labeling and serving size regulations), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. even if regulatory review does not result in these types of determinations, it could potentially create negative publicity or perceptions which could harm our business or reputation. further, modifications to international trade policy, including changes to or repeal of the north american free trade agreement, changes in the european union (such as brexit) or the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas or trade barriers on key commodities,
13
could have a negative impact on us or the industries we serve, including as a result of related uncertainty, and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which could negatively impact our operating results.
we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound, australian dollar, canadian dollar, mexican peso, brazilian real, nigerian naira, and russian ruble. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates and face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, the announcement and implementation of brexit has caused, and may continue to cause, significant volatility in currency exchange rate fluctuations. consequently, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business.
there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending our self in civil, criminal or regulatory actions, including under general, commercial, employment, environmental, data privacy or security, intellectual property, food quality and safety, anti-trust and trade, advertising and claims, and environmental laws and regulations, or in asserting our rights under various laws. for example, our marketing or claims could face allegations of false or deceptive advertising or other criticisms which could end up in litigation and result in potential liabilities or costs. in addition, we could incur substantial costs and fees in defending our self or in asserting our rights in these actions or meeting new legal requirements. the costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us, and new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations.
our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes.
there are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and the industry as a whole. these include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products.
our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced loyalty demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we aim to introduce products or new or improved production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. while we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to the research, development and technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. in addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales of the company's existing products, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets.
our postretirement benefit-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions.
increases in the costs of postretirement medical and pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by retired employees and medical cost inflation, an increase in participants enrolled, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension and post-retirement plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes to our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension and post-retirement plan assets assumptions. u.s. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. these valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. the company's accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly those due to the change in the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets and interest rates. in addition, funding requirements for our plans may become more significant. however,
14
the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension and post-retirement funding obligations.
we use available borrowings under the credit facilities and other available debt financing for cash to operate our business, which subjects us to market and counter-party risk, some of which is beyond our control.
in addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing sources of cash are borrowings available under our credit facilities and other available debt financing. if our access to such financing was unavailable or reduced, or if such financing were to become significantly more expensive for any reason, we may not be able to fund daily operations, which would cause material harm to our business or could affect our ability to operate our business as a going concern. in addition, if certain of our lenders experience difficulties that render them unable to fund future draws on the facilities, we may not be able to access all or a portion of these funds, which could have similar adverse consequences.
we utilize extended payment terms for customers and suppliers supplemented with third party financing programs to assist in effectively managing our core working capital. if the extension of payment terms are reversed or financial institutions terminate their participation, our ability to maintain current levels of core working capital could be adversely impacted.
our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. we utilize third-party financing programs to offset the negative impact of offering extended customer payment terms. in addition, in combination with extending supplier payment terms, structured payables programs are available to our suppliers which enable suppliers, at their sole discretion, to enter bilateral agreements to sell company payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions.
changes in financial markets or interest rates could make these third party financing programs less attractive to the financial institutions purchasing trade accounts receivables and company payment obligations thereunder and these financial institutions may seek to terminate their participation. in the event of such termination or if our extended payment terms are reversed, our ability to effectively manage core working capital could be adversely impacted.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness.
we have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our shareholders' equity, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, or enter into off-balance sheet financing, which would increase our leverage risks. as of december 29, 2018, we had total debt of approximately $9.4 billion and total kellogg company equity of $2.6 billion.
our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•   impairing the ability to access global capital markets to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward or if a rating organization announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade;
•   a downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both;
•   restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions or our business;
•   requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available to us for other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, marketing and other spending and expansion of our product offerings; and
•   causing us to be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness or incur new indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
15
our performance is affected by general economic, political and social conditions and taxation policies.
customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions, or other economic downturns in the united states or other nations. our results in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in general economic, political and social conditions in the united states and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial markets through which we access capital and currency, political and social unrest and terrorist acts in the united states or other countries in which we carry on business. the economic, political and social conditions resulting from brexit, among other events, may adversely impact our overall performance.
current economic conditions globally may delay or reduce purchases by our customers and consumers. this could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price competition. deterioration in economic conditions in any of the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions and may consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. there could be a number of effects from a financial institution credit crisis on our business, which could include impaired credit availability and financial stability of our customers, including our suppliers, co-manufacturers and distributors. a disruption in financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counterparties and could also impair our banking partners on which we rely for operating cash management. any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may not be able to attract, develop and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business.
we depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. in addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, recruit, train, develop and retain other talented personnel. any such loss, failure or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or financial results. in addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. additionally, changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees.
an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth.
the carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. the carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. if carrying value exceeds current fair value, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events. should the value of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected.
as of december 29, 2018, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $9.4 billion, of which $6.1 billion was goodwill and $3.3 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total assets of $17.8 billion and total kellogg company equity of $2.6 billion.
competition against retailer brands could negatively impact our business.
in nearly all of our product categories, we face branded and price-based competition. our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and retailer brands change in favor of competitors' products or if consumers perceive this type of change. if consumers prefer retailer brands, then we could lose category share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin
16
offerings, which could have a material effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
we may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives.
our success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. we have invested a significant amount in capital expenditures to improve our operational facilities. ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production, procurement, or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
technology failures, cyber attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could disrupt our operations, reputation and negatively impact our business.
we increasingly rely on information technology systems and third party service providers, including through the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information. for example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. information technology systems are also integral to the reporting of our results of operations. furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our personnel, customers, consumers and suppliers depends on information technology. our information technology systems, and the systems of the parties we communicate and collaborate with, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, as a result of updating our enterprise platform or due to events beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events.
moreover, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be subjected to computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes, social engineering attacks, unauthorized access attempts, password theft, physical breaches, employee or inside error, malfeasance and cyber- or phishing-attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. these events could compromise our confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and may result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. furthermore, if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of confidential or personal information, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security. while we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other preventive actions, such as the maintenance of an information security program that includes updating our technology and security policies, cyber insurance, employee training, and monitoring and routinely testing our information technology systems to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
the company offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal information, and it or its vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents that result in unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or company information. in addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. there is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr) (which imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored), because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. additionally, our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws, including the gdpr, may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time.
if the company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other breakdown in its technology, including such cyber-attack, privacy breaches, data breaches, issues with or errors in system maintenance or security, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, denial of service, telecommunication or
17
other incident involving one of the company's vendors, that result in unauthorized disclosure or significant unavailability of business, financial, personal or stakeholder information, the company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm and may be exposed to legal liability and government investigations, which may adversely affect the company's results of operations and/or financial condition. the misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws, the company may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. the company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems. in addition, if the company's suppliers or customers experience such a breach or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in the company's supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect the company's business operations.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements, third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, our technology, or any other form of intellectual property, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.
we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products or operations. in addition, if, in the course of developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products. any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.
we are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally.
we are a global company and generated 40%, 37%, and 35% of our net sales for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively outside the united states. we manufacture our products in 21 countries and have operations in more than 180 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. those risks include:
•   compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, such as ofac trade sanction regulations and anti-boycott regulations,
•   compliance with anti-corruption laws, including u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and u.k. bribery act (ukba),
•   compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes,
•   changes in tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes,
•   fluctuations or devaluations in currency values, especially in emerging markets,
•   changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product or repatriate cash from outside the united states,
•   changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources,
•   laws relating to information security, privacy (including the gdpr), cashless payments, and consumer protection,
•   uncertainty relating to brexit and its impact on the local and international markets, the flow of goods and materials across borders, and political environments,
•   discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies,
•   challenges associated with cross-border product distribution,
18
•   increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments,
•   varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights,
•   greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles,
•   loss of ability to manage our operations in certain markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses,
•   design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base,
•   imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, and similar restrictions on our sales or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales, and
•   changes in trade policies and trade relations.
please refer to note 16 for more information regarding our operations in venezuela, including the impact on our operations from currency restrictions and our decision to deconsolidate our venezuelan operations effective december 31, 2016.
in addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest and government shutdowns, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political or social uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. the slowdown in economic growth or high unemployment in some emerging markets could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the european union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the united states could adversely affect us. all of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
there may be uncertainty as a result of key global events during 2018. for example, the continuing uncertainty arising from the brexit referendum in the united kingdom as well as ongoing terrorist activity, may adversely impact global stock markets (including the new york stock exchange on which our common shares are traded) and general global economic conditions. all of these factors are outside of our control, but may nonetheless cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets.
the results of the united kingdom's referendum on withdrawal from the european union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business.
in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum. in february 2017, the british parliament voted in favor of allowing the british government to begin negotiating the terms of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, and, in march 2017, the british government invoked article 50 of the treaty on european union, which, per the terms of the treaty, formally triggered a two-year negotiation process and puts the united kingdom on a course to withdraw from the european union by the end of march 2019. in january 2019, the draft of the withdrawal agreement that was previously published in november 2018 was rejected by uk parliament. if no agreement is concluded by march 29, 2019 the united kingdom will leave the european union at such time. accordingly, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union, including with respect to the laws and regulations that will apply as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal.
the economic conditions and outlook in the united kingdom, the european union and elsewhere could be further adversely affected by (i) the uncertainty concerning the timing and terms of the exit, (ii) new or modified trading arrangements between the united kingdom and other countries. any of these developments, or the perception that any of these developments are likely to occur, could affect economic growth or business activity in the united kingdom or the european union, and could result in the relocation of businesses, cause business interruptions, lead to economic recession or depression, and impact the stability of the financial markets, availability of credit, currency exchange rates, compliance risks, interest rates, financial institutions, and political, financial and monetary systems. any of these developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
19
potential impacts to our business include: (i) reduced efficiency in processing of product shipments between the united kingdom and other countries that could impact our ability to have sufficient products in the appropriate market for sale to customers, (ii) requirement to increase inventory levels maintained in both the united kingdom and other countries to ensure adequate supply of product to support both base and promotional activities normally executed with our customers, (iii) increased costs related to incremental warehousing and logistics services required to adequately service our customers, (iv) significant financial impact resulting from tariffs that are implemented between the united kingdom and other countries as the location of our european production facilities and the markets we sell in regularly require significant import and export shipments involving the united kingdom, (v) our ability to realize future benefit from other assets on our balance sheet, such as deferred tax assets, may be impacted which could result in additional valuation allowances or reserves being established.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks.
our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the ukba, or local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
adverse changes in the global climate or extreme weather conditions could adversely affect our business or operations.
climate change is a core business issue for kellogg to ensure the long-term health and viability of the ingredients we use in our products. as set forth in the intergovernmental panel on climate change fifth assessment report, there is continuing scientific evidence, as well as concern from members of the general public, that emissions of greenhouse gases and contributing human activities have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in global temperatures and weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events, wildfires and flooding. as the pressures from climate change and global population growth lead to increased demand, the food system and global supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to acute shocks, leading to increased prices and volatility, especially in the energy and commodity markets. adverse changes such as these could:
•   unfavorably impact the cost or availability of raw or packaging materials, especially if such events have a negative impact on agricultural productivity or on the supply of water;
•   disrupt our ability, or the ability of our suppliers or contract manufacturers, to manufacture or distribute our products;
•   disrupt the retail operations of our customers; or
•   unfavorably impact the demand for, or the consumer's ability to purchase, our products.
foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed various legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions and energy policies. in the event that such regulation is enacted, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. in particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. lastly, consumers and customers may put an increased priority on purchasing products that are sustainably grown and made, requiring us to incur increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence and reporting. as a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations kellogg company and subsidiaries results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand kellogg company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report.
for more than 100 years, consumers have counted on kellogg for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods. these foods include snacks, such as cookies, crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars and bites, fruit-flavored snacks; and convenience foods, such as, ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and noodles.
kellogg products are manufactured and marketed globally. consumption and share data noted within based on nielsen x-aoc or other comparable source, for the applicable period.
segments as of december 29, 2018, we manage our operations through ten operating segments that are based on product category or geographic location. these operating segments have been evaluated for similarity with regards to economic characteristics, products, production processes, types or classes of customers, distribution methods and regulatory environments to determine if they can be aggregated into reportable segments. for the periods presented we have the following reportable segments: u.s. snacks; u.s. morning foods; u.s. specialty channels; north america other; europe; latin america; and asia pacific. the operating segments will change beginning in 2019.
on november 12, 2018, we announced that we would be exploring the sale of our cookies business (including the keebler, famous amos, mother's and murray brands), fruit snacks business (including the stretch island brand) pie crust and ice cream cone businesses to enable us to bring a sharper focus to our core businesses. this exploration was driven by our need to make strategic choices about our business and the brands within our portfolio. nevertheless, we believe these iconic and beloved brands can thrive in the portfolio of another organization that can focus on driving growth in these particular categories. the financial impact of the potential sale of businesses will be addressed upon the announcement of any transaction.
restatement of financial statements financial statements for 2017 and 2016 were restated to reflect changes in accounting standards that were adopted on a retrospective basis, as well as product transfer between reportable segments.
non-gaap financial measures this filing includes non-gaap financial measures that we provide to management and investors that exclude certain items that we do not consider part of on-going operations. items excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are discussed in the "significant items impacting comparability" section of this filing. our management team consistently utilizes a combination of gaap and non-gaap financial measures to evaluate business results, to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions, including incentive compensation. as a result, we believe the presentation of both gaap and non-gaap financial measures provides investors with increased transparency into financial measures used by our management team and improves investors' understanding of our underlying operating performance and in their analysis of ongoing operating trends. all historic non-gaap financial measures have been reconciled with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
24
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures used for evaluation of performance include currency-neutral and organic net sales, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps), and cash flow. we determine currency-neutral results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. these non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
•   currency-neutral net sales and organic net sales: we adjust the gaap financial measure to exclude the impact of foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral sales. in addition, we exclude the impact of acquisitions, dispositions, related integration costs, shipping day differences, and foreign currency, resulting in organic net sales. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying net sales performance. by providing these non-gaap net sales measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of net sales performance for the company and each of our reportable segments for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives behind net sales growth, pricing realization, and the impact of mix on our business results. these non-gaap measures are also used to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions.
•   adjusted: operating profit, net income, and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of project k and cost reduction activities, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, and other costs impacting comparability resulting in adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, such as project k, zero based budgeting (zbb), and revenue growth management, to assess performance of newly acquired businesses, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•   currency-neutral adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit, net income, and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of project k and cost reduction activities, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts, other costs impacting comparability, and foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, such as project k, zero based budgeting (zbb), and revenue growth management, to assess performance of newly acquired businesses, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•   adjusted effective income tax rate: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of project k and cost reduction activities, mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts. in addition, we have excluded an adjustment for the transitional estimates related to the adoption of u.s. tax reform. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our pre-tax income and the related tax effect of those items on our adjusted effective income tax rate. by providing this non-gaap measure, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's effective tax rate, excluding the pre-tax income and tax effect of the items noted above, for the periods presented. management uses this non-gaap measure to monitor the effectiveness of initiatives in place to optimize our global tax rate.
•   cash flow: defined as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount
25
of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases once all of the company's business needs and obligations are met. additionally, certain performance-based compensation includes a component of this non-gaap measure.
these measures have not been calculated in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap reporting measures.
significant items impacting comparability mark-to-market accounting for pension plans, commodities, and certain foreign currency contracts we recognize mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans, commodity contracts, and certain foreign currency contracts as incurred. actuarial gains/losses for pension plans are recognized in the year they occur. changes between contract and market prices for commodities contracts and certain foreign currency contracts result in gains/losses that are recognized in the quarter they occur. we recorded a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $343 million for 2018, a total pre-tax mark-to-market benefit of $45 million in 2017 and a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $261 million in 2016. within these totals, the pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans was $335 million for 2018, a pre-tax mark-to-market benefit for pension plans was $86 million for 2017 and a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans was $314 million for 2016.
project k and cost reduction activities project k continued generating savings used to invest in key strategic areas of focus for the business. we recorded pre-tax charges related to this program of $143 million in 2018, $263 million in 2017, and $325 million in 2016.
see the restructuring and cost reduction activities section for more information.
brexit impacts with the uncertainty of the united kingdom (u.k.) exiting the european union (eu), commonly referred to as brexit, we have begun preparations to proactively prepare for the potential adverse impacts of brexit, such as delays at ports of entry and departure. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges of $3 million for the year ended december 29, 2018.
business and portfolio realignment up front and/or one-time costs related to: pending and prospective divestitures and acquisitions, including our previously announced proposed divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts, and ice-cream cone businesses. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges of $5 million for the year ended december 29, 2018.
debt redemption during the quarter ended april 2, 2016, we redeemed $475 million of our 7.45% u.s. dollar debentures due 2031. in connection with the debt redemption, we incurred $153 million of interest expense, consisting primarily of a premium on the tender offer and also including accelerated losses on pre-issuance interest rate hedges, acceleration of fees and debt discount on the redeemed debt and fees related to the tender offer.
venezuela as of december 31, 2016, we deconsolidated and changed to the cost method of accounting for our venezuelan subsidiary. we recorded a $72 million pre-tax charge in other income (expense), net as we fully impaired the value of our cost method investment in venezuela. the deconsolidation charge included the historical cumulative translation losses of approximately $63 million related to our venezuelan operations that had previously been recorded in accumulated other comprehensive losses within equity. additionally, the deconsolidation reduced net sales by $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 which impacted the comparability of 2017 to 2016 reported results.
in 2015 we concluded that we were no longer able to obtain sufficient u.s. dollars on a timely basis through the dipro exchange resulting in a decision to remeasure our venezuela subsidiary's financial statements using the dicom (formerly simadi) rate. following the change to the dicom (formerly simadi) rate in 2015, certain non-monetary assets related to our venezuelan subsidiary continued to be remeasured at historical exchange rates. as these assets were utilized by our venezuelan subsidiary during 2016 they were recognized in the income statement at historical exchange rates resulting in an unfavorable impact. we experienced an unfavorable pre-tax impact of approximately $11 million in 2016 related to the utilization of these remaining non-monetary assets, primarily impacting cogs.
26
acquisitions in december 2016, the company acquired ritmo investimentos, controlling shareholder of parati s/a, afical ltda and padua ltda ("parati group"), a leading brazilian food group. in our latin america reportable segment for the year ended december 30, 2017, the acquisition added $203 million in net sales that impacted the comparability to 2016 reported results.
in october of 2017, the company acquired chicago bar company llc manufacturer of rxbar, a high protein snack bar made of simple ingredients. in our north america other reportable segment for the year ended december 29, 2018, the acquisition added $186 million in net sales that impacted the comparability of 2017 reported results. additionally, for the year ended december 30, 2017, the acquisition added $27 million in net sales that impacted the comparability of 2016 reported results.
in may of 2018, the company acquired an incremental 1% ownership interest in multipro, which along with concurrent changes to the shareholders' agreement, resulted in the company now having a 51% controlling interest in and began consolidating multipro, a leading distributor of a variety of food products in nigeria and ghana. in our asia pacific reportable segment, for the year ended december 30, 2018, the acquisition added $536 million in net sales that impacted the comparability of 2017 reported results.
shipping day differences in december 2017, we eliminated a one-month timing difference in reporting of financial results for the parati group. this update resulted in an additional month of financial results being reported in the year ended december 30, 2017, which included $14 million of net sales that impacted the comparability of 2018 versus 2017 and 2017 versus 2016 reported results.
adoption of u.s. tax reform in conjunction with the adoption of u.s. tax reform, we finalized our provisional estimates resulting in a net $11 million reduction of income tax expense for the year ended december 29, 2018, primarily related to the transition tax and assertion on foreign earnings. additionally, for the year ended december 30, 2017, we recorded net tax expense totaling $8 million related primarily to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, as well as the transition tax on foreign earnings.
gain on unconsolidated entities, net in connection with the multipro business combination, the company recognized a one-time, non-cash gain on the disposition of our previously held equity interest in multipro of $245 million. additionally, the company exercised its call option to acquire a 50% interest in tolaram africa foods, pte ltd, a holding company with a 49% equity interest in an affiliated food manufacturer, resulting in the company having a 24.5% interest in the affiliated food manufacturer. in conjunction with the exercise, the company recognized a one-time, non-cash loss of $45 million, which represents an other than temporary excess of cost over fair value of the investment. these amounts were recorded within earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities during the second quarter of 2018.
foreign currency translation we evaluate the operating results of our business on a currency-neutral basis. we determine currency-neutral operating results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. organic net sales exclude the impact of acquisitions, including the foreign currency impact calculated by applying the prior year foreign currency rates to current period results.
financial results for the full year 2018, our reported net sales increased by 5.4% due primarily to acquisition of rx (october 2017) and the consolidation of multipro (may 2018) partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency as the u.s. dollar strengthened against key currencies. organic net sales were flat compared to the prior year as underlying growth was offset by the negative impact of list-price adjustments and rationalization of stock-keeping units related to the mid-2017 transition from direct-store delivery (dsd) in u.s. snacks.
reported operating profit increased by 23% due to lower restructuring charges, the consolidation of multipro results, and favorable year-over-year mark-to-market impacts. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit was up slightly compared to the prior year due to cost savings that funded and offset a substantial planned increase in advertising and promotion investment as well as higher freight costs, and adverse mix and incremental costs, much of which
27
was related to growth in new pack formats. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit excludes the impact of restructuring, mark-to-market, foreign currency and other expenses related to the proposed divestiture of our cookies, fruit snacks, pie crusts, and ice-cream cone businesses, as well as preparing for potential brexit.
reported diluted eps of $3.83 was up 7% compared to the prior year of $3.58 due primarily to a one-time non-cash gain related to our transaction in west africa, a lower effective tax rate as a result of u.s. tax reform as well as benefits from discrete tax items, and lower restructuring charges partially offset by unfavorable mark-to-market impacts. currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps of $4.32 was up 8% compared to prior year of $4.00, after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, restructuring, the adoption of u.s. tax reform, gain from unconsolidated entities, costs related to proposed divestitures and brexit.
reconciliation of certain non-gaap financial measures consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                   2018                2017
reported net income attributable to kellogg company                           $1,336              $1,254
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                        (343   )              45
project k and cost reduction activities (pre-tax)                               (143   )            (263   )
brexit impacts (pre-tax)                                                          (3   )               -
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                      (5   )               -
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                109                  80
adoption of u.s. tax reform                                                       11                  (8   )
gain from unconsolidated entities, net                                           200                   -
adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company                           $1,510              $1,400
foreign currency impact                                                            4
currency-neutral adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company          $1,506              $1,400
reported diluted eps                                                           $3.83               $3.58
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                       (0.98   )            0.13
project k and cost reduction activities (pre-tax)                              (0.41   )           (0.75   )
brexit impacts (pre-tax)                                                       (0.01   )               -
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                   (0.01   )               -
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                               0.30                0.22
adoption of u.s. tax reform                                                     0.04               (0.02   )
gain from unconsolidated entities, net                                          0.57                   -
adjusted diluted eps                                                           $4.33               $4.00
foreign currency impact                                                         0.01
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps                                          $4.32               $4.00
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps growth                                     8.0   %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
* represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.
28
consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                   2017                2016
reported net income attributable to kellogg company                           $1,254                $699
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                          45                (261   )
project k and cost reduction activities (pre-tax)                               (263   )            (325   )
debt redemption (pre-tax)                                                          -                (153   )
venezuela deconsolidation (pre-tax)                                                -                 (72   )
venezuela remeasurement (pre-tax)                                                  -                 (11   )
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                 80                 198
adoption of u.s. tax reform                                                       (8   )               -
adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company                           $1,400              $1,323
foreign currency impact                                                           (6   )
currency-neutral adjusted net income attributable to kellogg company          $1,406              $1,323
reported diluted eps                                                           $3.58               $1.97
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                        0.13               (0.74   )
project k and cost reduction activities (pre-tax)                              (0.75   )           (0.92   )
debt redemption (pre-tax)                                                          -               (0.43   )
venezuela deconsolidation (pre-tax)                                                -               (0.20   )
venezuela remeasurement (pre-tax)                                                  -               (0.03   )
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                               0.22                0.55
adoption of u.s. tax reform                                                    (0.02   )               -
adjusted diluted eps                                                           $4.00               $3.74
foreign currency impact                                                        (0.02   )
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps                                          $4.02               $3.74
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps growth                                     7.5   %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
* represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.
29
net sales and operating profit
2018 compared to 2017
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2018 versus 2017:
year ended december 29, 2018
(millions)                                                 u.s.snacks             u.s.morningfoods             u.s.specialty channels                northamericaother               europe             latinamerica           asiapacific   corporate                  kelloggconsolidated reported net sales                                         $2,957                 $2,643                       $1,235                                   $1,853                  $2,395                   $947                 $1,517         $-                            $13,547
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec        -                      -                            -                                            (3       )              46                    (47      )            (102     )   -                                (106        )
currency-neutral net sales                                 $2,957                 $2,643                       $1,235                                   $1,856                  $2,349                   $994                 $1,619         $-                            $13,653
acquisitions                                               -                      -                            -                                           186                       -                      -                    536         -                                 722
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec          -                      -                            -                                             -                       -                      -                     89         -                                  89
organic net sales                                          $2,957                 $2,643                       $1,235                                   $1,670                  $2,349                   $994                   $994         $-                            $12,842
year ended december 30, 2017
(millions)                                                 u.s.                   u.s.                         u.s.specialty channels                northamericaother               europe             latinamerica           asiapacific   corporate                  kelloggconsolidated snacks                 morning foods reported net sales                                         $3,110                 $2,709                       $1,242                                   $1,612                  $2,291                   $944                   $946         $-                            $12,854
shipping day differences                                   -                      -                            -                                             -                       -                     14                      -         -                                  14
organic net sales                                          $3,110                 $2,709                       $1,242                                   $1,612                  $2,291                   $930                   $946         $-                            $12,840
% change - 2018 vs. 2017:
reported growth                                            (4.9        )%         (2.4            )%           (0.6                )%                     15.0       %             4.5    %               0.3      %            60.4     %   -           %                     5.4        %
foreign currency impact                                    -           %          -               %            -                   %                      (0.2      )%             1.9    %              (5.0     )%           (10.7    )%   -           %                    (0.8       )%
currency-neutral growth                                    (4.9        )%         (2.4            )%           (0.6                )%                     15.2       %             2.6    %               5.3      %            71.1     %   -           %                     6.2        %
acquisitions                                               -           %          -               %            -                   %                      11.5       %               -    %                 -      %            56.6     %   -           %                     5.6        %
shipping day differences                                   -           %          -               %            -                   %                         -       %               -    %              (1.6     )%               -     %   -           %                    (0.1       )%
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec          -           %          -               %            -                   %                         -       %               -    %                 -      %             9.5     %   -           %                     0.7        %
organic growth                                             (4.9        )%         (2.4            )%           (0.6                )%                      3.7       %             2.6    %               6.9      %             5.0     %   -           %                       -        %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
30
year ended december 29, 2018
(millions)                                             u.s.snacks        u.s.morningfoods             u.s.specialty channels                northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                              $446              $478                         $251                                       $222                  $297                   $102                   $128                 $(218     )                $1,706
mark-to-market                                            -              -                            -                                             -                     -                      -                      -                     7                           7
project k and cost reduction activities                 (28     )        (50             )            (4                  )                       (25       )           (33    )               (15      )             (11     )              (7     )                  (173        )
brexit impacts                                            -              -                            -                                             -                    (3    )                 -                      -                     -                          (3        )
business and portfolio realignment                       (3     )        -                            -                                             -                     -                      -                      -                    (2     )                    (5        )
adjusted operating profit                              $477              $528                         $255                                       $247                  $333                   $117                   $139                 $(216     )                $1,880
foreign currency impact                                   -              -                            -                                            (2       )             6                     (3      )              (7     )               3                          (3        )
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit             $477              $528                         $255                                       $249                  $327                   $120                   $146                 $(219     )                $1,883
year ended december 30, 2017
(millions)                                                   u.s.        u.s.                         u.s.specialty channels                northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate                        kellogg snacks        morning                                                                                                                                                                                        consolidated foods reported operating profit                              $138              $567                         $312                                       $229                  $276                   $108                    $84                 $(327     )                $1,387
mark-to-market                                            -              -                            -                                             -                     -                      -                      -                   (81     )                   (81        )
project k and cost reduction activities                (309     )        (18             )            (2                  )                       (16       )           (40    )                (8      )             (11     )              (7     )                  (411        )
adjusted operating profit                              $447              $585                         $314                                       $245                  $316                   $116                    $95                 $(239     )                $1,879
% change - 2018 vs. 2017:
reported growth                                       224.4     %        (15.7           )%           (19.8               )%                     (3.0      )%           7.8    %              (5.2     )%            50.7     %            33.1     %                  22.9        %
mark-to-market                                            -     %        -               %            -                   %                         -       %             -    %                 -      %               -     %            25.2     %                   7.3        %
project k and cost reduction activities               218.3     %        (6.0            )%           (0.7                )%                     (3.9      )%           3.1    %              (5.6     )%             6.1     %            (0.5    )%                  16.1        %
brexit impacts                                            -     %        -               %            -                   %                         -       %          (0.9   )%                 -      %               -     %               -     %                  (0.2       )%
business and portfolio realignment                     (0.8    )%        -               %            -                   %                         -       %             -    %                 -      %               -     %            (0.8    )%                  (0.3       )%
adjusted growth                                         6.9     %        (9.7            )%           (19.1               )%                      0.9       %           5.6    %               0.4      %            44.6     %             9.2     %                     -        %
foreign currency impact                                   -     %        -               %            -                   %                      (0.4      )%           1.9    %              (2.8     )%            (7.2    )%             0.6     %                  (0.1       )%
currency-neutral adjusted growth                        6.9     %        (9.7            )%           (19.1               )%                      1.3       %           3.7    %               3.2      %            51.8     %             8.6     %                   0.1        %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
u.s. snacks this segment consists primarily of crackers, cookies, savory snacks, wholesome snacks and fruit-flavored snacks.
reported net sales declined 4.9% primarily due to unfavorable price/mix as a result of the year-on-year impact of list-price adjustments and rationalization of stock-keeping units related to the dsd exit in the back half of 2017 and a slight decrease in volume. these impacts were partially offset by improved performance of key brands like cheez-it, pringles, and rice krispies treats, all of which grew consumption and share during the year.
all of our ex-dsd categories experienced year-over-year gains in velocity, as we now have a stronger set of skus on the shelf which are being supported with brand building.
overall, the cookie category was flat compared to the prior year. we lost both consumption and share on lower volume. however, keebler fudge shoppe, keebler grahams, mother's and famous amos grew both consumption and share during the year behind resumed investment support.
31
reported operating profit increased significantly from the prior year due primarily to lower restructuring charges as the prior year included costs associated with our dsd transition. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 6.9% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges due to lower overhead expense as a result of our transition out of dsd in mid-2017.
u.s. morning foods this segment consists primarily of cereal and toaster pastries. reported net sales declined 2.4% as a result of decreased volume and unfavorable pricing/mix.
cereal net sales were down on lower volume and unfavorable pricing/mix as consumption and share were impacted by category-wide softness and the mid-year supply chain disruption for honey smacks, which returned to shelves in the fourth quarter, but offset improving performance elsewhere in the portfolio. cereal share excluding honey smacks was roughly flat compared to the prior year as we continued to make progress toward stabilizing key health and wellness brands by emphasizing their wellness attributes and our core 6 cereal brands collectively grew share during 2018.
additionally, pop-tarts posted a slight increase in net sales on higher volume while returning to consumption growth in the second half of the year.
reported operating profit decreased 16% due to higher restructuring charges, lower net sales and adverse mix and costs related to launching new pack formats. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 9.7% after eliminating the impact of restructuring charges.
u.s. specialty channels this segment sells the full line of kellogg products to channels such as food service, convenience stores, vending and others.
reported net sales declined 0.6% as a result of lower volume and unfavorable pricing/mix as it lapped hurricane-related shipments in the back-half of 2017. the hurricane impact was mainly in the food service channel, offsetting growth in the segment's other major channels.
reported operating profit decreased 20% due to revised allocation of costs between u.s. operating segments. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 19% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges.
north america other this segment is composed of our u.s. frozen foods, kashi company, canada, and rx businesses.
reported net sales increased 15% due primarily to the rxbar acquisition and growth in u.s. frozen and canada. organic net sales increased 3.7% on higher volume and favorable pricing/mix after excluding the impact of the rx acquisition and foreign currency.
u.s. frozen net sales for the year grew on higher volume and favorable price/mix. eggo® grew share and consumption during the year, benefiting from renovated food and packaging, including the relaunch of our premium thick n' fluffy line as well as continued success with disney-shaped waffles. morningstar farms' consumption accelerated in 2018, as we refocused on our core offerings, renovating our food for cleaner labeling and honing our message around plant-based protein.
in canada we posted sales growth on favorable pricing/mix offset by slightly lower volume as we gained share in most of our categories.
kashi company reported slightly lower net sales on lower volume partially offset by favorable pricing/mix. kashi cereals increased both consumption and share during 2018 as a result of strong innovation and effective messaging. innovations like kashi by kids and new offerings under the golean line are gaining traction, and the business benefited from the continued success of our bear naked brand which grew consumption during the year. the improvements in cereal were offset by lower consumption and share in wholesome snacks during 2018.
reported operating profit decreased 3.0% due to higher restructuring charges and a double-digit increase in brand building. these impacts were partially offset by higher net sales and project k savings. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 1.3% after excluding the impact of restructuring and foreign currency.
32
europe reported net sales increased 4.5% due primarily to higher volume and favorable foreign currency partially offset by unfavorable pricing/mix. organic net sales increased 2.6% after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
the return to organic net sales growth in 2018 was led by broad-based growth in pringles, and by expansion in emerging markets like russia and the middle east.
in pringles, we ran a successful campaign during the world cup in the summer and sustained the brand with new pack formats and effective media. the brand grew share in seven of our eight major markets.
cereal net sales declines moderated during 2018 due to improving share performance in markets across the region. most notably, we grew share in both the u.k. and france, continuing its improving trend with growth in several brands.
emerging markets were a driver of europe's growth in both cereal and snacks, led by northern africa, russia, and the middle east.
reported operating profit increased 7.8% due to higher net sales, lower restructuring charges, and favorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.7% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges and foreign currency.
latin america reported net sales increased 0.3% due to higher volume partially offset by shipping day differences, unfavorable pricing/mix and unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 6.9%, led by mexico and mercosur markets, after excluding the impact of foreign currency and shipping days.
mexico posted net sales growth during the year on higher volume and favorable pricing/mix, growing consumption and share in cereal. across the region, our cereal sales grew at a mid-single digit rate in 2018.
our snacks business posted growth, lead by pringles in mexico and caribbean/central america.
parati net sales grew on higher volume and favorable pricing/mix, and continued to grow consumption and share in brazil, despite the trucker strike and volatile political environment.
reported operating profit decreased 5.2%, primarily due to higher restructuring charges and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.2% after excluding the impact of restructuring and foreign currency.
asia pacific reported net sales increased 60% due primarily to the consolidation of the multipro business partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales increased 5.0% on higher volume and slightly favorable pricing/mix after excluding multipro results and the impact of foreign currency.
organic growth was led by cereal, whose broad-based growth accelerated in 2018. our cereal business held share in the stabilized australia market, gained share in markets like japan and korea, and continued to generate double-digit growth in emerging markets like india and southeast asia.
our pringles business posted high single-digit growth for the year as we continue to expand product offerings in certain markets while launching new pack-formats in others, extending the brand's distribution reach.
reported operating profit increased 51% due primarily to the consolidation of the multipro business beginning in may of 2018, as well as productivity and brand building efficiencies as a result of project k, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit improved 52% after excluding the impact of restructuring and foreign currency.
33
corporate reported operating expense improved 33% due primarily to favorable year-over-year mark-to-market impacts. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit improved 8.6% due primarily to lower pension costs, after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, restructuring, foreign currency and business and portfolio realignment activities.
34
2017 compared to 2016
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2017 versus 2016:
year ended december 30, 2017
(millions)                                                 u.s.snacks             u.s.morningfoods                  u.s.specialty channels           northamericaother               europe             latinamerica           asiapacific   corporate                  kelloggconsolidated reported net sales                                         $3,110                 $2,709                                  $1,242                        $1,612                  $2,291                   $944                   $946         $-                            $12,854
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec        -                      -                                            -                            12                     (18    )                17                     25         -                                  36
currency-neutral net sales                                 $3,110                 $2,709                                  $1,242                        $1,600                  $2,309                   $927                   $921         $-                            $12,818
acquisitions                                               -                      -                                            -                            28                      11                    203                      -         -                                 242
shipping day differences                                   -                      -                                            -                             -                       -                     14                      -         -                                  14
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec          -                      -                                            -                             -                       -                    (13      )               -         -                                 (13        )
organic net sales                                          $3,110                 $2,709                                  $1,242                        $1,572                  $2,298                   $723                   $921         $-                            $12,575
year ended december 31, 2016
(millions)                                                 u.s.                   u.s.                              u.s.specialty channels           northamericaother               europe             latinamerica           asiapacific   corporate                              kellogg snacks                 morning                                                                                                                                                                                      consolidated foods reported net sales                                         $3,197                 $2,917                                  $1,207                        $1,593                  $2,383                   $772                   $896         $-                            $12,965
venezuela operations impact                                -                      -                                            -                             -                       -                     31                      -         -                                  31
organic net sales                                          $3,197                 $2,917                                  $1,207                        $1,593                  $2,383                   $741                   $896         $-                            $12,934
% change - 2017 vs. 2016:
reported growth                                            (2.8        )%         (7.1            )%                         2.9   %                       1.2       %            (3.9   )%              22.2      %             5.6   %     -           %                    (0.9       )%
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec        -           %          -               %                            -   %                       0.8       %            (0.8   )%               2.1      %             2.8   %     -           %                     0.2        %
currency-neutral growth                                    (2.8        )%         (7.1            )%                         2.9   %                       0.4       %            (3.1   )%              20.1      %             2.8   %     -           %                    (1.1       )%
acquisitions                                               -           %          -               %                            -   %                       1.8       %             0.5    %              26.2      %               -   %     -           %                     1.9        %
venezuela operations impact                                -           %          -               %                            -   %                         -       %               -    %              (3.9     )%               -   %     -           %                    (0.2       )%
shipping day differences                                   -           %          -               %                            -   %                         -       %               -    %               1.9      %               -   %     -           %                     0.1        %
foreign currency impact on acquisitions (inc)/dec          -           %          -               %                            -   %                         -       %               -    %              (1.8     )%               -   %     -           %                    (0.1       )%
organic growth                                             (2.8        )%         (7.1            )%                         2.9   %                      (1.4      )%            (3.6   )%              (2.3     )%             2.8   %     -           %                    (2.8       )%
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
35
year ended december 30, 2017
(millions)                                        u.s.snacks             u.s.morningfoods                  u.s.specialty channels           northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated reported operating profit                         $138                   $567                                      $312                          $229                  $276                   $108                    $84                 $(327     )                $1,387
mark-to-market                                    -                      -                                            -                             -                     -                      -                      -                   (81     )                   (81        )
project k and cost reduction activities           (309        )          (18             )                           (2   )                       (16       )           (40    )                (8      )             (11     )              (7     )                  (411        )
adjusted operating profit                         $447                   $585                                      $314                          $245                  $316                   $116                    $95                 $(239     )                $1,879
foreign currency impact                           -                      -                                            -                             1                    (6    )                 -                      2                     2                          (1        )
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit        $447                   $585                                      $314                          $244                  $322                   $116                    $93                 $(241     )                $1,880
year ended december 31, 2016
(millions)                                        u.s.                   u.s.                              u.s.specialty channels           northamericaother             europe             latinamerica           asiapacific             corporate            kelloggconsolidated snacks                 morning foods reported operating profit                         $325                   $597                                      $279                          $181                  $208                    $84                    $69                 $(260     )                $1,483
mark-to-market                                    -                      -                                            -                             -                     -                      -                      -                    43                          43
project k and cost reduction activities           (76         )          (23             )                           (8   )                       (38       )          (126    )                (8      )              (7     )             (38     )                  (324        )
venezuela remeasurement                           -                      -                                            -                             -                     -                    (13      )               -                     -                         (13        )
adjusted operating profit                         $401                   $620                                      $287                          $219                  $334                   $105                    $76                 $(265     )                $1,777
% change - 2017 vs. 2016:
reported growth                                   (57.7       )%         (5.0            )%                        12.0   %                      26.3       %          32.0    %              28.2      %            22.9     %           (25.2    )%                  (6.4       )%
mark-to-market                                    -           %          -               %                            -   %                         -       %             -    %                 -      %               -     %           (44.4    )%                  (8.4       )%
project k and cost reduction activities           (69.1       )%    0.6                  %                          2.5   %                      14.3       %          37.8    %               2.5      %            (3.3    )%             9.1     %                  (4.6       )%
venezuela remeasurement                           -           %          -               %                            -   %                         -       %             -    %              15.3      %               -     %               -     %                   0.8        %
adjusted growth                              11.4             %          (5.6            )%                         9.5   %                      12.0       %          (5.8   )%              10.4      %            26.2     %            10.1     %                   5.8        %
foreign currency impact                           -           %          -               %                            -   %                       0.9       %          (2.1   )%              (0.1     )%             3.8     %             0.5     %                  (0.1       )%
currency-neutral adjusted growth             11.4             %          (5.6            )%                         9.5   %                      11.1       %          (3.7   )%              10.5      %            22.4     %             9.6     %                   5.9        %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
u.s. snacks this segment consists primarily of crackers, cookies, savory snacks, wholesome snacks and fruit-flavored snacks.
reported and organic net sales declined 2.8% on lower volume and unfavorable price/mix primarily due to impacts related to our conversion from dsd to warehouse distribution; specifically, reduced merchandising during the transition, reduction of skus, and a list-price adjustment to eliminate the premium charged for dsd services.
crackers, cookies and wholesome snacks declined in consumption and share for the year due to the reduction of promotion activity related to our efforts to smoothly transition out of dsd during the second and third quarters. net sales for these categories also declined as a result of unfavorable pricing/mix due primarily to the list-price adjustment to eliminate the premium formerly charged for dsd services.
savory snacks consumption was pulled down, in part, by the elimination of a promotion-sized can. focused marketing investment behind key brands resulted in improved consumption in the second half for cheez-it and club crackers, keebler fudge shoppe cookies, and rice krispies treats wholesome snacks.
reported operating profit declined 58% due to increased project k restructuring charges associated with our dsd transition. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 11% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges; this was driven by dsd-related overhead reductions partially offset by increased brand investment.
36
u.s. morning foods this segment consists primarily of cereal and toaster pastries. reported and organic net sales declined 7.1% as a result of decreased volume partially offset by favorable pricing/mix.
cereal category consumption declined for the year, particularly in the health and wellness segment. our kid-oriented brands performed well. frosted flakes grew consumption and share during the year behind effective media and innovation, including new cinnamon frosted flakes. special k returned to share growth as a result of an effective media campaign and in-store activation.
toaster pastries net sales declined on lower volume partially offset by slightly favorable pricing/mix. despite overall weakness in the category, we grew share during the year.
reported operating profit decreased 5.0% due to lower net sales partially offset by productivity initiatives and lower restructuring charges. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 5.6% after eliminating the impact of restructuring charges.
u.s. specialty channels this segment sells the full line of kellogg products to channels such as food service, vending, convenience stores, and girl scouts.
reported and organic net sales improved 2.9% as a result of higher volume and improved pricing/mix aided by innovation and expansion in core and emerging growth channels. in addition, the back half of the year benefited from hurricane-related shipments.
reported operating profit increased 12.0% due to the higher net sales, savings from project k and zbb initiatives, and lower restructuring charges. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 9.5% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges.
north america other this segment is composed of our u.s. frozen foods, kashi company, canada, and rx businesses.
reported net sales increased 1.2% due primarily to the rxbar acquisition, u.s. frozen growth, and foreign currency. organic net sales declined 1.4% on lower volume and slightly unfavorable pricing/mix, after excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency.
in u.s. frozen, eggo® grew share and consumption during the year, benefiting from the removal of artificial ingredients and the success of disney-shaped waffles, as well as the exit of a competitor. our frozen veggie business, under the morningstar farms® and gardenburger® brands, returned to consumption and share growth during the second half of the year, driven by marketing and in-store support focused on core grilling items.
in canada, consumption and share performance continued to improve in both cereal and in snacks during the back half of the year. share gains in cereal were the result of effective innovation and commercial programs.
kashi company reported net sales and operating profit were lower versus the prior year, as we continued to stabilize the kashi brand outside of the natural channel. the business benefited from the continued success of our bear naked brand, which is the #1 granola brand in the u.s. behind on-trend innovation and expanded distribution. bear naked grew both consumption and share for the year.
reported operating profit increased 26.3% due to lower restructuring charges and by project k and zbb savings. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 11.1% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges and foreign currency.
europe reported net sales declined 3.9% due to lower volume partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency, pricing/mix and acquisitions. organic net sales declined 3.6% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and acquisitions.
37
pringles volume was lower due primarily to prolonged negotiations with our customers as we sought to price behind our food and packaging upgrades. these negotiations were resolved by april but caused us to miss out on several first and second quarter merchandising programs.  promotional activity resumed in the third quarter and the brand returned to growth during the back half of the year with a particularly strong fourth quarter.
cereal sales declined versus the prior year across the region but improved during the second half of the year. in the u.k., our largest market in the region, consumption and share turned positive in the second half of the year as a result of increased advertising behind our core brands, most notably special k.
reported operating profit increased 32% due to lower restructuring charges and incremental project k savings, partially offset by lower sales and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit declined 3.7% after excluding the impact of restructuring charges and foreign currency.
latin america reported net sales improved 22% due to increased volume as a result of the parati acquisition, favorable pricing/mix, and foreign currency. this was partially offset by lower volume in the caribbean/central america business and prior year venezuela results. organic net sales declined 2.3% after excluding the impact of the parati acquisition, prior year venezuela results, and foreign currency.
this decline was due primarily to the caribbean/central america sub-region, where first half distributor transitions and economic softness were followed during the back half of the year by shipment disruptions due to hurricanes maria and irma.
we did post solid growth for the year in mexico and the mercosur region. our mexico business continued to perform well with consumption and sales increasing versus the prior year in both cereal and snacks. mercosur posted particularly strong growth in pringles.
the integration of parati, our acquisition in brazil, continued to progress well, and the business posted double digit growth for the year.
reported operating profit increased 28.2%, primarily due to the impact of the parati acquisition partially offset by lower sales in the caribbean/central america business. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 10.5% after excluding the impact of restructuring costs, integration costs, venezuela remeasurement, and foreign currency.
asia pacific reported net sales improved 5.6% due to favorable foreign currency and pricing/mix as well as higher volume. currency-neutral and organic net sales increased 2.8%, after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
growth in cereal was led by india and korea. australia, our largest market in the region, gained share during the second half of the year, reflecting continued stabilization. we experienced growth in consumption and share through food news and media behind our health and wellness brands, as well as innovation and brand building behind our taste-oriented brands.
our pringles business posted solid growth for the year across the region, driven by emerging markets as well as australia and korea. we also realized the benefits from the expansion of our wholesome snacks business in the region.
reported operating profit increased 23% due to higher net sales and brand-building efficiencies. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit improved 22% after excluding the impact of restructuring and foreign currency.
outside of our reported results, our joint ventures in west africa and china continued to perform extremely well. double-digit growth was driven by strong noodles volume in west africa and e-commerce sales in china.
corporate as reported operating expense declined 25% due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market impacts partially offset by lower restructuring charges. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 9.6%, after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, restructuring and foreign currency.
38
margin performance
2018 versus 2017 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.prior year (pts.)
2018                                                              2017
reported gross margin (a)                        34.9   %    36.6   %             (1.7   )
mark-to-market (cogs)                             0.1   %    (0.6   )%             0.7
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)   (0.8   )%   (0.9   )%             0.1
brexit impacts (cogs)                               -   %       -   %                -
business and portfolio realignment (cogs)           -   %       -   %                -
foreign currency impact                           0.1   %       -   %              0.1
currency-neutral adjusted gross margin           35.5   %    38.1   %             (2.6   )
for information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
reported gross margin for the year was unfavorable 170 basis points due primarily to the consolidation of multipro results, the impact of u.s. snacks transition out of dsd distribution, and adverse mix and distribution costs, much of which was related to growth in new pack formats. productivity and cost savings combined to offset rising inflation in distribution and packaging. these impacts were offset somewhat by favorable mark-to-market, lower restructuring costs and favorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted gross margin was unfavorable 260 basis points compared to the prior year after eliminating the impact of mark-to-market, restructuring and foreign currency.
our 2018 and 2017 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                         2018   2017
reported gross profit (a)                               $4,726              $4,699
mark-to-market (cogs)                                        6                 (79   )
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)             (99   )            (115   )
brexit impacts (cogs)                                       (2   )               -
business and portfolio realignment (cogs)                    -                   -
foreign currency impact                                    (19   )               -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                  $4,840              $4,893
for more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
2017 versus 2016 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.prior year (pts.)
2017                                                              2016
reported gross margin (a)                        36.6   %    37.3   %             (0.7   )
mark-to-market (cogs)                            (0.6   )%    0.3   %             (0.9   )
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)   (0.9   )%   (1.3   )%             0.4
venezuela remeasurement (cogs)                      -   %    (0.1   )%             0.1
foreign currency impact                           0.1   %       -   %              0.1
currency-neutral adjusted gross margin           38.0   %    38.4   %             (0.4   )
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
reported gross margin for the year was unfavorable 70 basis points due primarily to our u.s. snacks transition out of dsd distribution, namely the list price adjustment and increased resources in warehouse logistics due to the dsd transition partially offset by productivity and cost savings under project k. currency-neutral adjusted gross
39
margin was 40 basis points lower compared to the prior year after eliminating the impact of mark-to-market, restructuring, venezuela remeasurement, and foreign currency.
our 2017 and 2016 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                         2017                2016
reported gross profit (a)                               $4,699              $4,834
mark-to-market (cogs)                                      (79   )              36
project k and cost reduction activities (cogs)            (115   )            (172   )
venezuela remeasurement (cogs)                               -                 (12   )
foreign currency impact                                     18                   -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                  $4,875              $4,982
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
restructuring and cost reduction activities we view our restructuring and cost reduction activities as part of our operating principles to provide greater visibility in achieving our long-term profit growth targets. initiatives undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a three to five-year period of completion. upon completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.
project k project k is expected to continue generating a significant amount of savings that may be invested in key strategic areas of focus for the business or utilized to achieve our growth initiatives.
since inception, project k has reduced the company's cost structure, and is expected to provide enduring benefits, including an optimized supply chain infrastructure, an efficient global business services model, a global focus on categories, increased agility from a more efficient organization design, and improved effectiveness in go-to-market models. these benefits are intended to strengthen existing businesses in core markets, increase growth in developing and emerging markets, and drive an increased level of value-added innovation.
as of the end of 2018, the company has approved all remaining project k initiatives and implementation of these remaining initiatives will be completed in 2019. project charges, after-tax cash costs and annual savings remain in line with expectations.
we currently anticipate that project k will result in total pre-tax charges, once all phases are implemented, of approximately $1.6 billion, with after-tax cash costs, including incremental capital investments, estimated to be approximately $1.2 billion. cash expenditures of approximately $1,150 million have been incurred through the end of fiscal year 2018. as we complete the implementation of previously approved project k initiatives in 2019, we expect to incur additional charges of approximately $50 million.
we expect annual cost savings generated from project k will be approximately $700 million in 2019. the savings will be realized primarily in selling, general and administrative expense with additional benefit realized in gross profit as cost of goods sold savings are partially offset by negative volume and price impacts resulting from go-to-market business model changes. the overall savings profile of the project reflects our go-to-market initiatives that will impact both selling, general and administrative expense and gross profit. we have realized approximately $650 million of annual savings through the end of 2018. cost savings have been utilized to offset inflation and fund investments in areas such as in-store execution, sales capabilities, including adding sales representatives, re-establishing the kashi business unit, and in the design and quality of our products. we have also invested in production capacity in developing and emerging markets, and in global category teams.
we funded much of the initial cash requirements for project k through our supplier financing initiative and subsequently were able to fund much of the cash costs for the project through cash on hand as we have started to realize cash savings from the project.
we also expect that the project will have an impact on our consolidated effective income tax rate during the execution of the project due to the timing of charges being taken in different tax jurisdictions. the impact of this project on our consolidated effective income tax rate will be excluded from the adjusted income tax rate that will be disclosed on a quarterly basis.
refer to note 5 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to project k and other restructuring activities.
40
other projects in 2017 the company completed the implementation of a global zero-based budgeting (zbb) program. we have realized annual savings from the zbb program of approximately $450 million through 2018, realized largely in selling, general and administrative expense. final project charges, after-tax cash costs and annual savings were in line with expectations.
in support of the zbb initiative, we incurred pre-tax charges of approximately $3 million and $25 million during 2017 and 2016, respectively. total charges of $40 million were recognized related to the implementation of the zbb program which consisted primarily of the design and implementation of business capabilities.
foreign currency translation the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily in the euro, british pound, mexican peso, australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real, nigerian naira, and russian ruble. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. as a result, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against these other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. this could have significant impact on our results if such increase or decrease in the value of the u.s. dollar is substantial.
interest expense interest expense was (in millions) 2018-$287; 2017-$256; 2016-$406 and interest expense capitalized as part of the construction cost of fixed assets was immaterial for all periods presented. interest expense was higher in 2018 due to the issuance of the $600 million of ten-year 4.30% senior notes due 2028 and $400 million of three-year 3.25% senior notes due 2021. the decrease from 2016 to 2017 was due to a $153 million pre-tax charge in 2016 to redeem $475 million of 7.45% u.s. dollar debentures due 2031. the charge consisted primarily of a premium on the tender offer and also included accelerated losses on pre-issuance interest rate hedges, acceleration of fees and debt discount on the redeemed debt and fees.
interest income (recorded in other income (expense), net) was (in millions), 2018-$16; 2017-$9; 2016-$5. we currently expect that our 2019 gross interest expense will increase slightly from 2018 due to the issuance of the $600 million of ten-year 4.30% senior notes due 2028 and $400 million of three-year 3.25% senior notes due 2021 issued in may 2018.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act). the tax act makes broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code which impacted our year ended december 30, 2017 including but not limited to, reducing the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requiring a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries that may be electively paid over eight years, and accelerating first year expensing of certain capital expenditures.
shortly after the tax act was enacted, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act (sab 118), which provides guidance on accounting for the tax act's impact. sab 118 provided a measurement period, which in no case should extend beyond one year from the tax act enactment date, during which a company may complete the accounting for the impacts of the tax act under asc topic 740.
our 2018 income tax provision includes an $11 million reduction to income tax expense due to changes in estimates related to the tax act. the reduction is primarily related to a reduction in the transition tax estimate and additional tax associated with the final assessment of changes in our indefinite reinvestment assertion and resulting tax.
our 2017 income tax provision includes $8 million of net additional income tax expense during the quarter ended december 30, 2017, driven by the reduction in the u.s. corporate tax rate and the transition tax on foreign earnings.
transition tax on foreign earnings: the transition tax is a tax on the previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits of certain of our foreign subsidiaries. in order to determine the amount of the transition tax, the company must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 earnings and profits (e&p) of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-u.s. income taxes paid on such earnings. e&p is similar to
41
retained earnings of the subsidiary, but requires other adjustments to conform to u.s. tax rules. as of december 30, 2017, based on accumulated foreign earnings and profits of approximately $2.6 billion, which are primarily in europe, we were able to make a reasonable estimate of the transition tax and recorded a transition tax obligation of $157 million, which we elected to pay over eight years. in the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a $16 million reduction to the transition tax liability and tax expense based on updated estimates of e&p. during the fourth quarter of 2018, the company, as part of completing its accounting under sab 118, revised its estimate of the transition tax liability to $94 million, and recorded $47 million of tax reserves related to uncertainty in our interpretation of the statute and associated regulations.
indefinite reinvestment assertion:  prior to the tax act, we treated a significant portion of our undistributed foreign earnings as indefinitely reinvested.  in light of the tax act, which included a new territorial tax regime, as of the period ended december 30, 2017, management determined that the company would analyze its global capital structure and working capital strategy and considered the indefinite reinvestment assertion to be provisional under sab 118. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we finished analyzing our global capital structure and working capital strategy and determined that $2.4 billion of foreign earnings as of december 30, 2017, were no longer considered to be indefinitely invested.  accordingly, income tax expense of $5 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2018.  we have completed our assessment and accounting under sab 118 for our indefinite investment assertion.
in conjunction with sab 118, we have completed the accounting for the tax act in the fourth quarter 2018.
our reported effective tax rates for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 13.6%, 24.8%, and 25.2%, respectively. adjusted effective tax rates for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 16.5%, 25.8%, and 24.7%, respectively.
the 2018 effective income tax rate benefited from the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate as well as an $11 million reduction of income tax expense due to a changes in estimates related to the tax act, the impact of discretionary pension contributions totaling $250 million in 2018, which were designated as 2017 tax year contributions, and a $44 million discrete tax benefit as a result of the remeasurement of deferred taxes following a legal entity restructuring.
for the year ended december 30, 2017, the effective tax rate benefited from a deferred tax benefit of $39 million resulting from the intercompany transfer of intellectual property. the 2016 effective income tax rate benefited from excess tax benefits from share-based compensation totaling $36 million. refer to note 13 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the expected effective income tax rate as it is dependent upon u.s. dollar earnings of foreign subsidiaries doing business in various countries with differing statutory tax rates. additionally, the rate could be impacted if pending uncertain tax matters, including tax positions that could be affected by planning initiatives, are resolved more or less favorably than we currently expect.
42
the following table provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2018 and 2017.
consolidated results (dollars in millions)              2018              2017
reported income taxes                               $181              $410
mark-to-market                                       (75   )             6
project k and cost reduction activities              (33   )           (86   )
business and portfolio realignment                    (1   )             -
adoption of u.s. tax reform                          (11   )             8
adjusted income taxes                               $301              $482
reported effective income tax rate                  13.6   %          24.8   %
mark-to-market                                      (1.7   )          (0.3   )
project k and cost reduction activities             (0.6   )          (1.1   )
business and portfolio realignment                     -                 -
adoption of u.s. tax reform                         (0.6   )           0.4
adjusted effective income tax rate                  16.5   %          25.8   %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
the following table provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2017 and 2016.
consolidated results (dollars in millions)              2017              2016
reported income taxes                               $410              $235
mark-to-market                                         6               (59   )
project k and cost reduction activities              (86   )           (85   )
debt redemption                                        -               (54   )
venezuela deconsolidation                              -                 -
venezuela remeasurement                                -                 -
adoption of u.s. tax reform                            8                 -
adjusted income taxes                               $482              $433
reported effective income tax rate                  24.8   %          25.2   %
mark-to-market                                      (0.3   )           0.5
project k and cost reduction activities             (1.1   )          (0.3   )
debt redemption                                        -              (0.9   )
venezuela deconsolidation                              -               1.0
venezuela remeasurement                                -               0.2
adoption of u.s. tax reform                          0.4                 -
adjusted effective income tax rate                  25.8   %          24.7   %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
brexit in june 2016, a majority of voters in the united kingdom elected to withdraw from the european union in a national referendum. in february 2017, the british parliament voted in favor of allowing the british government to begin negotiating the terms of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, and, in march 2017, the british government invoked article 50 of the treaty on european union, which, per the terms of the treaty, formally triggered a two-year negotiation process and puts the united kingdom on a course to withdraw from the european union by the end of march 2019. with no agreement concluded as yet, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the united kingdom and the european union, including with respect to the laws and regulations that will apply as the united kingdom determines which european union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal.
43
the impact to the financial trends of our european and consolidated businesses resulting from brexit is currently being evaluated. during 2018 we generated approximately 5% of our net sales and hold approximately 3% of consolidated assets in the united kingdom as of december 29, 2018. as details of the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union are finalized in march 2019, we will continue to evaluate the impacts to our business. brexit may impact our future financial trends in areas such as:
•   net sales could be negatively impacted by reduced efficiency in processing of product shipments between the united kingdom and other countries resulting in insufficient products in the appropriate market for sale to customers,
•   cost of goods sold could increase due to increased costs related to incremental warehousing and logistics services required to adequately service our customers,
•   cost of goods sold could increase significantly due to tariffs that are implemented between the united kingdom and other countries as the location of our european production facilities and the markets we sell in regularly require significant import and export shipments involving the united kingdom,
•   profitability may be impacted as we update our conclusions on our ability to realize future benefit from other assets, such as deferred tax assets, or as we evaluate the effectiveness of existing or future derivative contracts. this may result in additional valuation allowances or reserves being established, or require changes in the notional value of derivative contracts,
•   cash flow could decrease as a result of the requirement to increase inventory levels maintained in both the united kingdom and other countries to ensure adequate supply of product to support both base and promotional activities normally executed with our customers.
liquidity and capital resources our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. our cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs.
we have historically reported negative working capital primarily as the result of our focus to improve core working capital by reducing our levels of trade receivables and inventory while extending the timing of payment of our trade payables.  the impacts of the extended customer terms programs and of the monetization and securitization programs, which are designed to effectively offset the impact of extended terms, are included in our calculation of core working capital. core working capital was improved by the extension of supplier payment terms. these programs are all part of our ongoing working capital management.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which results in current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable which can have a significant impact on working capital as a result of the timing of these required payments. these factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, pay dividends, fund acquisition opportunities, and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts.
we had negative working capital of $1.4 billion as of december 29, 2018 and december 30, 2017.
we believe that our operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other available debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
as of december 29, 2018 and december 30, 2017, we had $252 million and $204 million, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held in international jurisdictions. the cash we generate outside the u.s. is principally to be used to fund our international development. if the funds generated by our u.s. business are not sufficient to meet our need for cash in the u.s., we may need to repatriate a portion of our international earnings to the u.s. which may be subject to additional taxes.
44
the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows:
(dollars in millions)                                                                2018              2017   2016
net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                      $1,536                   $403              $1,271
investing activities                                                        (948        )           149                (392   )
financing activities                                                        (566        )          (604   )            (786   )
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                         18                     53                 (64   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         $40                     $1                 $29
operating activities the principal source of our operating cash flows is net earnings, primarily cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture and market our products.
our net cash provided by operating activities for 2018 totaled $1,536 million, an increase of $1.1 billion as compared to 2017. the increase was due primarily to the termination of our accounts receivable securitization program at the end of 2017. collections of deferred purchase price on securitized trade receivables, totaled $1,243 million in 2017 versus zero in the current year. additionally, cash provided by operating activities benefited by lower tax cash payments due primarily to u.s. tax reform. these year-over-year benefits were partially offset by the pre-tax discretionary pension contribution of $250 million in 2018.
our net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 totaled $403 million, a decrease of $868 million as compared to 2016. the decrease was due primarily to the difference in year-over-year utilization of our accounts receivable securitization program entered into in july 2016. collections of deferred purchase price on securitized trade receivables totaled $1,243 million in 2017 versus $501 million in 2016.
our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables outstanding less days of trade payables outstanding, based on a trailing 12 month average), is approximately negative 6 days for 2018 and 2017, respectively. core working capital in 2018 averaged 2.4% of net sales, compared to 2.9% in 2017 and 4.0% in 2016. in 2017, both our cash conversion cycle and core working capital showed improvements in days of trade payables outstanding which includes the positive impact of a supplier terms initiative. days of trade receivables and inventory on hand were flat in 2017 compared to 2016.
our total pension and postretirement benefit plan funding amounted to $287 million, $44 million and $33 million, in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the 2018 contributions included $250 million of pre-tax discretionary contributions to u.s. plans designated for the 2017 tax year.
the pension protection act (ppa), and subsequent regulations, determines defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements in the united states. we believe that we will not be required to make any contributions under ppa requirements until 2022 or beyond. our projections concerning timing of ppa funding requirements are subject to change primarily based on general market conditions affecting trust asset performance, future discount rates based on average yields of high quality corporate bonds and our decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the ppa.
we currently project that we will make total u.s. and foreign benefit plan contributions in 2019 of approximately $25 million. actual 2019 contributions could be different from our current projections, as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts versus other competing investment priorities, future changes in government requirements, trust asset performance, renewals of union contracts, or higher-than-expected health care claims cost experience.
we measure cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases. our cash flow metric is reconciled to the most comparable gaap measure, as follows:
(dollars in millions)                       2018                2017               2016
net cash provided by operating activities          $1,536              $403               $1,271
additions to properties                              (578   )          (501    )            (507   )
cash flow                                            $958              $(98    )            $764
year-over-year change                               1,078   %          (113   )%
45
investing activities our net cash used in investing activities for 2018 totaled $948 million, an increase of $1.1 billion compared with 2017. the increase was due primarily to the 2018 acquisition of an ownership interest in tolaram africa foods, pte ltd for $381 million and the year-over-year impact of collections of deferred purchase price on securitized trade receivables during 2017. this program was terminated at the end of 2017. additionally, we acquired chicago bar co., llc, the manufacturer of rxbar, for $596 million in 2017.
in 2016, we acquired parati, a manufacturer of biscuit, powdered beverage and pasta brands in brazil for $381 million.
capital spending in 2018 included investments in our supply chain infrastructure, network optimization, and packaging flexibility in global manufacturing and distribution.
cash paid for additions to properties as a percentage of net sales was 4.3% in 2018 and 3.9% in both 2017 and 2016.
in november 2018, the company announced that it will begin to explore the potential sale of the cookie, fruit snacks, pie crust, and ice cream cone businesses.  these businesses are primarily reported as part of the u.s. snacks, u.s. specialty and north america other reportable segments and represent approximately $900 million in net sales for the year ended december 29, 2018.  if the divestiture occurs, we expect to use the proceeds to reduce debt for opportunistic share repurchases or potential future acquisitions.
financing activities our net cash used by financing activities was $566 million, $604 million and $786 million for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
total debt was $8.9 billion and $8.6 billion at year-end 2018 and 2017, respectively.
in may 2018, we issued $600 million of ten-year 4.30% senior notes due 2028 and $400 million of three-year 3.25% senior notes due 2021, resulting in aggregate net proceeds after debt discount of $994 million. the proceeds from these notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of our $400 million, seven-year 3.25% u.s. dollar notes due 2018 at maturity, and the repayment of a portion of our commercial paper borrowings used to finance our acquisition of ownership interests in taf and multipro.
in november 2017, we issued $600 million of ten-year 3.4% senior notes to pay down commercial paper issued in conjunction with the purchase of chicago bar co., llc, manufacturer of rxbar.
in may 2017, we issued €600 million of five-year 0.80% euro notes due 2022 and repaid our 1.75% fixed rate $400 million u.s. dollar notes due 2017 at maturity. additionally, we repaid our 2.05% fixed rate cdn. $300 million canadian dollar notes at maturity.
in november 2016, we issued $600 million of seven-year 2.65% u.s. dollar notes and repaid our 1.875% $500 million u.s. dollar notes due 2016 at maturity.
in may 2016, we issued €600 million of eight-year 1.00% euro notes due 2024 and repaid our 4.45% fixed rate $750 million u.s. dollar notes due 2016 at maturity.
in march 2016, we issued $750 million of ten-year 3.25% u.s. dollar notes and $650 million of thirty-year 4.50% u.s. dollar notes. also in march 2016, we redeemed $475 million of our 7.45% u.s. dollar debentures due 2031 at a pre-tax cash cost of $144 million.
in december 2017, the board of directors approved a new authorization to repurchase up to $1.5 billion in shares beginning in 2018 through december 2019. during 2018, we purchased 5 million shares totaling $320 million. during 2017, we purchased 7 million shares totaling $516 million. during 2016, we purchased 6 million shares totaling $426 million.
we paid quarterly dividends to shareholders totaling $2.20 per share in 2018, $2.12 per share in 2017, and $2.04 per share in 2016. total cash paid for dividends increased by 3.5% in 2018 and 4.0% in 2017. on february 22, 2019, the board of directors declared a dividend of $.56 per common share, payable on march 15, 2019 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 5, 2019.
46
we entered into an unsecured five-year credit agreement in january 2018, allowing us to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $1.5 billion and expiring in january 2023.
in january 2019, we entered into an unsecured 364-day credit agreement to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $1.0 billion at any time outstanding, to replace the $1.0 billion 364-day facility that expired in january 2019.  the new credit facilities contains customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness, liens and a specified interest expense coverage ratio.  if an event of default occurs, then, to the extent permitted, the administrative agent may terminate the commitments under the credit facility, accelerate any outstanding loans under the agreement, and demand the deposit of cash collateral equal to the lender's letter of credit exposure plus interest.  there are no borrowings outstanding under the new credit facilities.
our long-term debt agreements contain customary covenants that limit kellogg company and some of its subsidiaries from incurring certain liens or from entering into certain sale and lease-back transactions. some agreements also contain change in control provisions. however, they do not contain acceleration of maturity clauses that are dependent on credit ratings. a change in our credit ratings could limit our access to the u.s. short-term debt market and/or increase the cost of refinancing long-term debt in the future. however, even under these circumstances, we would continue to have access to our 364-day credit facility, which expires in january 2020, as well as our five-year credit agreement, which expires in january 2023. this source of liquidity is unused and available on an unsecured basis, although we do not currently plan to use it.
we monitor the financial strength of our third-party financial institutions, including those that hold our cash and cash equivalents as well as those who serve as counterparties to our credit facilities, our derivative financial instruments, and other arrangements.
we are in compliance with all covenants as of december 29, 2018. we continue to believe that we will be able to meet our interest and principal repayment obligations and maintain our debt covenants for the foreseeable future, while still meeting our operational needs, including the pursuit of select acquisitions. this will be accomplished through our strong cash flow, our short-term borrowings, and our maintenance of credit facilities on a global basis.
monetization and securitization programs during 2016, we initiated a program in which customers could extend their payment terms in exchange for the elimination of early payment discounts (extended terms program). in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of the extended terms program for discrete customers, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (monetization programs). transfers under the monetization programs are accounted for as sales of receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our consolidated balance sheet. the monetization programs provide for the continuing sale of certain receivables on a revolving basis until terminated by either party; however the maximum funding from receivables that may be sold at any time is currently $1,033 million (increased from $800 million from december 30, 2017, reflecting the execution of a second monetization program during 2018), but may be increased or decreased as customers move in or out of the extended terms program and as financial institutions move in or out of the monetization programs. accounts receivable sold of $900 million and $601 million remained outstanding under this arrangement as of december 29, 2018 and december 30, 2017, respectively.
if financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the monetization programs and we were unable secure alternative arrangements, our ability to offer our extended terms program and effectively manage our accounts receivable balance and overall working capital could be negatively impacted.
previously, in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of the extended terms program for certain customers, we entered into agreements with financial institutions (securitization program) to sell these receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our consolidated balance sheet. the maximum funding from receivables that may be sold at any time was $600 million. in december 2017, we terminated the securitization program, such that no receivables were sold after december 28, 2017. in march 2018 we substantially replaced the securitization program with a second monetization program.
as of december 30, 2017, approximately $433 million of accounts receivable sold under the securitization program remained outstanding, for which we received cash of approximately $412 million and a deferred purchase price asset of approximately $21 million.
refer to note 2 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the sale of accounts receivable.
47
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements at december 29, 2018, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements. refer to note 2 within notes to consolidated financial statements for information on our accounts receivable securitization and factoring programs.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 29, 2018:
contractual obligations                                                                                                                                   payments due by period
(millions)                                    total                2019                2020                2021                2022                2023           2024 andbeyond long-term debt:
principal                                $8,785                 507                $851                $973              $1,045                $811                $4,598
interest (a)                              2,359                 260                 250                 215                 193                 172                 1,269
capital leases (b)                            1                   1                   -                   -                   -                   -                     -
operating leases (c)                        525                 121                  97                  73                  57                  48                   129
purchase obligations (d)                  1,239               1,057                 117                  27                   9                   5                    24
uncertain tax positions (e)                   4                   4                   -                   -                   -                   -                     -
other long-term obligations (f)             640                 122                  51                  50                  96                  98                   223
total                                   $13,553              $2,072              $1,366              $1,338              $1,400              $1,134                $6,243
(a)   includes interest payments on our long-term debt and payments on our interest rate swaps. interest calculated on our variable rate debt was forecasted using the libor forward rate curve as of december 29, 2018.
(b)   the total expected cash payments on our capital leases include interest expense totaling less than $1 million over the periods presented above.
(c)   operating leases represent the minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(d)   purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business and for marketing, advertising and other services. the amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or other current liabilities at year-end 2018, nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. therefore, it should be noted that the exclusion of these items from the table could be a limitation in assessing our total future cash flows under contracts.
(e)   as of december 29, 2018, our total liability for uncertain tax positions was $97 million, of which $4 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to the remaining $93 million.
(f)   other long-term obligations are those associated with noncurrent liabilities recorded within the consolidated balance sheet at year-end 2018 and consist principally of projected commitments under deferred compensation arrangements, multiemployer plans, and supplemental employee retirement benefits. the table also includes our current estimate of minimum contributions to defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans through 2024 as follows: 2019-$42; 2020-$37; 2021-$39; 2022-$83; 2023-$78; 2024-$103.
in addition, the total remaining tax repatriation payable of $80 million which is expected to be paid over the next 7 years is included in the total above.
critical accounting estimates promotional expenditures our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and include activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty programs. the costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. the recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. these estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial and recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. on a full-year basis, these subsequent period adjustments represent approximately 0.3% of our company's net sales. however, our company's total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a revenue reduction) are significant, so it is likely our results would be materially different if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail.
48
property long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment are tested for impairment when conditions indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. management evaluates several conditions, including, but not limited to, the following: a significant decrease in the market price of an asset or an asset group; a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used, including an extended period of idleness; and a current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. for assets to be held and used, we project the expected future undiscounted cash flows generated by the long-lived asset or asset group over the remaining useful life of the primary asset. if the cash flow analysis yields an amount less than the carrying amount we determine the fair value of the asset or asset group by using comparable market data. there are inherent uncertainties associated with the judgments and estimates we use in these analyses.
at december 29, 2018, we have property, plant and equipment of $3.7 billion, net of accumulated depreciation, on our balance sheet.
goodwill and other intangible assets we perform an impairment evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at least annually during the fourth quarter of each year in conjunction with our annual budgeting process.
goodwill impairment testing first requires a comparison between the carrying value and fair value of a reporting unit with associated goodwill. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit, which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. for the 2018 goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting units was estimated based on market multiples. our approach employs market multiples based on sales, if applicable, and/or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) and earnings for companies comparable to our reporting units. in the event the fair value determined using the market multiples approach is close to the carrying value, we may also supplement our fair value determination using discounted cash flows. management believes the assumptions used for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a market participant performing similar valuations for our reporting units.
similarly, impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets requires a comparison of carrying value to fair value of that particular asset. fair values of non-goodwill intangible assets are based primarily on projections of future cash flows to be generated from that asset. for instance, cash flows related to a particular trademark would be based on a projected royalty stream attributable to branded product sales discounted at rates consistent with rates used by market participants. these estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables.
we also evaluate the useful life over which a non-goodwill intangible asset with a finite life is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
at december 29, 2018, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $9.4 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill and brands associated with the 2001 acquisition of keebler foods company and the 2012 acquisition of pringles. within this total, approximately $2.8 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-lived, comprised principally of keebler and pringles trademarks. the majority of these intangible assets are recorded in our u.s. snacks reporting unit. we currently believe that the fair value of our goodwill and other intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows. the percentage of excess fair value over carrying value of the u.s. snacks reporting unit was approximately 62% and 57% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. however, if we had used materially different assumptions, which we do not believe are reasonably possible, regarding the future performance of our business or a different market multiple in the valuation, this could have resulted in significant impairment losses.
on november 12, 2018, we announced that we would be exploring the sale of our cookies business (including the keebler, famous amos, mother's and murray brands), fruit snacks business (including the stretch island brand) pie crust and ice cream cone businesses.
additionally, we have $207 million of goodwill related to our kashi reporting unit, which was primarily a result of establishing kashi as a separate operating segment in 2015, which required an allocation of goodwill from our u.s.
49
snacks operating segment. the 2018 fair value of the kashi reporting unit was estimated primarily based on a multiple of net sales and discounted cash flows. the percentage of excess over fair value was approximately 12% and 9%, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, using the same methodology on a year-on-year basis. the use of modestly different assumptions in the valuation could have resulted in an impairment.
we also have $616 million and $798 million of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively, related to our multipro operating segment as a result of the acquisition of this business in may 2018.  consistent with our expectations given the recent acquisition, the 2018 fair value approximates carrying value for both goodwill and the indefinitely lived assets.  the use of modestly different assumptions in these valuations could have resulted in an impairment.
factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events.
retirement benefits our company sponsors a number of u.s. and foreign defined benefit employee pension plans and also provides retiree health care and other welfare benefits in the united states and canada. plan funding strategies are influenced by tax regulations and asset return performance. a substantial majority of plan assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of debt securities and other investments. we recognize the cost of benefits provided during retirement over the employees' active working life to determine the obligations and expense related to our retiree benefit plans. inherent in this concept is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. major actuarial assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and accumulated obligation include the long-term rates of return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rates, the mortality table and improvement scale, and the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our major plans, which cover employees in the united states, united kingdom and canada.
our expense recognition policy for pension and nonpension postretirement benefits is to immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses in our operating results in the year in which they occur. actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required under generally accepted accounting principles.
additionally, for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets related to pension and nonpension postretirement benefits we use the fair value of plan assets.
to conduct our annual review of the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we model expected returns over a 20-year investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of each of our major plans. the return assumptions used reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market indices, and long-term inflation. our u.s. plan model, corresponding to approximately 72% of our trust assets globally, currently incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and an active management premium of 1% (net of fees) validated by historical analysis and future return expectations. although we review our expected long-term rates of return annually, our benefit trust investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our expected rates of return have generally not been revised, provided these rates continue to fall within a "more likely than not" corridor of between the 25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by our modeling process. our assumed rate of return for u.s. plans in 2018 of 7.5% equated to approximately the 39th percentile expectation of our model. similar methods are used for various foreign plans with invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. foreign trust investments represent approximately 28% of our global benefit plan assets.
based on consolidated benefit plan assets at december 29, 2018, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return would correspondingly increase or decrease 2019 benefits expense by approximately $57 million. for each of the three fiscal years, our actual return on plan assets exceeded (was less than) the recognized assumed return by the following amounts (in millions): 2018-$(845); 2017-$415; 2016-$84.
to conduct our annual review of health care cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a five-year historical period, including an analysis of pre-65 versus post-65 age groups and other important demographic
50
components in our covered retiree population. this data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other factors that would tend to distort the underlying cost inflation trends. our initial health care cost trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and our expectations regarding short-term future trends. in comparison to our actual five-year compound annual claims cost growth rate of approximately 4.98%, our initial trend rate for 2019 of 5.50% reflects the expected future impact of faster-growing claims experience for certain demographic groups within our total employee population. our initial rate is trended downward by 0.25% per year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% is reached. the ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. based on consolidated obligations at december 29, 2018, a 100 basis point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates would increase 2019 benefits expense by approximately $6 million and generate an immediate loss recognition of $97 million. a one percent increase in 2019 health care claims cost over that projected from the assumed trend rate would result in an experience loss of approximately $7 million and would increase 2019 expense by $0.3 million. any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the year in which they occur. the experience gain arising from recognition of 2018 claims experience was approximately $27 million.
assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. at the end of 2014, we revised our mortality assumption after considering the society of actuaries' (soa) updated mortality tables and improvement scale, as well as other mortality information available from the social security administration to develop assumptions aligned with our expectation of future improvement rates. in determining the appropriate mortality assumptions as of december 29, 2018, we considered the soa's 2018 updated improvement scale. the soa's 2018 scale incorporates changes consistent with our view of future mortality improvements established in 2014. therefore, we adopted the 2018 soa improvement scale. this change to the mortality assumption decreased the year-end u.s. pension and other postretirement benefit obligations by $10 million and $2 million, respectively.
to conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis using willis towers watson's proprietary rate:link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the projected benefit obligation for the plans. rate:link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year's benefit payments by a spot rate applicable to that year. the spot rates used in this process are derived from a yield curve created from yields on the 40th to 90th percentile of u.s. high quality bonds. a similar methodology is applied in canada and europe, except the smaller bond markets imply that yields between the 10th and 90th percentiles are preferable and in the u.k. the underlying yield curve was derived after further adjustments to the universe of bonds to remove government backed bonds. we use a december 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans. accordingly, we select yield curves to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during december of each year.
based on consolidated obligations at december 29, 2018, a 25 basis point decline in the yield curve used for benefit plan measurement purposes would decrease 2019 benefits expense by approximately $6 million and would result in an immediate loss recognition of $201 million. all obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in the year in which they occur.
despite the previously-described policies for selecting major actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual experience and due to changing economic conditions. during 2018, we recognized a net actuarial loss of approximately $346 million compared to a net actuarial gain of approximately $126 million in 2017. the total net loss recognized in 2018 was driven by a $845 million loss from worse than expected asset returns, offset by a gain of approximately $499 million of plan experience and assumption changes, including increases in the discount rate and the change in mortality assumptions. during 2018, we also recognized curtailment gains of $30 million related to benefit changes and certain events affecting our benefit programs.
of the total net gain recognized in 2017, approximately $415 million was from better than expected asset returns. the gain was offset by a $289 million loss from plan experience and assumption changes, including declines in the discount rate which were partially offset by the change in mortality assumptions. during 2017, we also recognized curtailment gains of $153 million related to benefit changes and certain events affecting our benefit programs.
51
during 2018, we made contributions in the amount of $270 million to kellogg's global tax-qualified pension programs. this amount includes discretionary contributions totaling $250 million designated for the 2017 tax year. additionally we contributed $17 million to our retiree medical programs.
income taxes our consolidated effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the calculation of our income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and liabilities is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgment.
we recognize tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the positions will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. for tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefits as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, new or emerging legislation and tax planning. the tax position will be derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. significant adjustments to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits impacting our effective tax rate are separately presented in the rate reconciliation table of note 13 within notes to consolidated financial statements.
management monitors the company's ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, prior to expiration as well as the reinvestment assertion regarding our undistributed foreign earnings. changes resulting from management's assessment will result in impacts to deferred tax assets and the corresponding impacts on the effective income tax rate. valuation allowances were recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the tax act includes a provision designed to tax currently global intangible low taxed income (gilti) starting in 2018. under the provision, a u.s. shareholder is required to include in gross income the amount of its gilti, which is 50% of the excess of the shareholder's net tested income of its controlled foreign corporation over the deemed tangible income return. the amount of gilti included by a u.s. shareholder is computed by aggregating all controlled foreign corporations (cfc). shareholders are allowed to claim a foreign tax credit for 80 percent of the taxes paid or accrued with respect to the tested income of each cfc, subject to some limitations.
the fasb staff has indicated that a company should make and disclose a policy election as to whether it will (1) recognize deferred taxes for basis differences expected to reverse as gilti or (2) account for gilti as a period cost if and when incurred. during 2018, the company elected to account for the gilti as a period cost and has included an estimate for gilti in its effective tax rate.
accounting standards to be adopted in future periods reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. in february 2018, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an accounting standards update (asu) permitting a company to reclassify the disproportionate income tax effects of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 on items within accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci). the reclassification is optional. regardless of whether or not a company opts to make the reclassification, the new guidance requires all companies to include certain disclosures in their financial statements. the guidance is effective for all fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018. early adoption is permitted. we will adopt the asu in the first quarter of 2019.
leases. in february 2016, the fasb issued an asu which will require the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. the distinction between finance leases and operating leases will remain, with similar classification criteria as current gaap to distinguish between capital and operating leases.  the principal difference from current guidance is that the lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases will be recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. lessor accounting remains substantially similar to current gaap.  the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2018.  early adoption is permitted.  the company will adopt the asu in the first quarter of 2019, and expects to elect certain practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance.  additionally, the company will elect the optional transition method that allows for a cumulative-effect adjustment in
52
the period of adoption and will not restate prior periods.  the company continues to evaluate the effect of adoption to its consolidated financial statements and disclosures, however the company currently estimates total assets and liabilities will increase approximately $450 million to $500 million upon adoption.  this estimate could change as the company continues to progress with implementation and will also fluctuate based on the lease portfolio and discount rates as of the adoption date.  we do not expect a material impact to the company's consolidated statements of income or cash flows.
cloud computing arrangements.  in august 2018, the fasb issued asu 2018-15: intangibles - goodwill and other - internal-use software: customer's accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. the asu allows companies to capitalize implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract over the term of the hosting arrangement, including periods covered by renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2019 and can be applied retrospectively or prospectively. early adoption is permitted. we are currently assessing when to adopt the asu and the impact of adoption.
compensation retirement benefits. in august 2018, the fasb issued asu 2018-14: disclosure framework-changes to the disclosure requirements for defined benefit plans. the asu removed disclosures that no longer are considered cost beneficial, clarified the specific requirements of disclosures, and added disclosure requirements identified as relevant. the asu is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2020 and can be applied retrospectively or prospectively. early adoption is permitted. we are currently assessing when to adopt the asu and the impact of adoption.
future outlook we provide net sales guidance on a currency-neutral basis. on this basis, we expect currency-neutral net sales to be up 3-4% in 2019. this includes an additional four months of multipro net sales and an improved organic growth rate of 1-2%. the company expects gradual improvement over the year with balanced contributions from volume and price/mix, driven by recent revenue-growth management actions.
from a profitability standpoint, we expect currency-neutral adjusted operating profit to be approximately flat during 2019. the company plans another year of investment in pack formats, advertising, and capabilities. underlying cost inflation is expected to accelerate in 2019, but will largely be offset by productivity savings and revenue growth management actions. negative mix and cost impacts from the expansion of alternative pack formats and channels, particularly on-the-go offerings, will be a headwind to gross profit margin, moderating in the second half.
we expect currency-neutral adjusted eps to decrease in the range of 5 to 7% in 2019. this decline reflects the 2018 discrete tax benefits, especially in the first half, as well as the impact on oie of the financial markets' decline in late 2018, which reduced the value of pension assets entering the new year.
we expect that full-year non-gaap cash flow will be roughly flat compared to the prior year. the positive impact of the 2018 voluntary pension contribution is offset by increased tax cash payments and capital expenditures. the latter will support growth initiatives, including investments in capacity and technology.
additionally, due to front-weighted investments and cost pressures and the lapping of discrete tax benefits noted previously, we expect to see a double-digit decline in currency-neutral adjusted eps for the first half of the year, with the first quarter down more than the second quarter. during the back half of the year, we expect to return to growth in both currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and currency-neutral adjusted eps.
we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of mark-to-market adjustments, costs associated with brexit and business and portfolio realignment because these impacts are dependent on future changes in market conditions (interest rates, return on assets, and commodity prices) or future decisions to be made by our management team and board of directors. similarly, because of volatility in foreign exchange rates and shifts in country mix of our international earnings, we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of foreign currency translation.
as a result, these impacts are not included in the guidance provided. therefore, we are unable to provide a full reconciliation of these non-gaap measures used in our guidance without unreasonable effort as certain information necessary to calculate such measure on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company.
53
see the table below that outlines the projected impact of certain other items that are excluded from non-gaap guidance for 2019:
impact of certain items excluded from non-gaap guidance:   net sales   operating profit   earnings per share project k and cost restructuring activities (pre-tax)                  $45-55m                    $0.13-0.16
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net**                                                $0.03-0.04
currency-neutral adjusted guidance*                        3-4%        ~flat                        (5)-(7)%
acquisitions                                               ~2%
organic guidance                                           1-2%
* 2019 full year guidance for net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share are provided on a non-gaap basis only because certain information necessary to calculate such measures on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company. these items for 2019 include impacts of brexit, costs associated with the business and portfolio realignment, and mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodities and certain foreign currency contracts. the company is providing quantification of known adjustment items where available.
** represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.
reconciliation of non-gaap amounts - cash flow guidance
(billions)
full year 2019
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities       ~$1.5-1.6
additions to properties                                   ~($0.6)
cash flow                                                 ~$0.9-1.0
54
