item 1a. risk factors we are subject to certain business and legal risks including, but not limited to, the following:
risks related to our business and operations adverse global market and economic conditions may impede our ability to generate sufficient income and maintain our properties.
our properties consist primarily of open-air shopping centers and other retail properties. our performance, therefore, is generally linked to economic conditions in the market for retail space. the economic performance and value of our properties is subject to all of the risks associated with owning and operating real estate, including but not limited to:
●   changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;

●   local conditions, including an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, space in properties like those that we own;

●   trends toward smaller store sizes as retailers reduce inventory and new prototypes;

●   increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites;

●   the attractiveness of our properties to tenants;

●   the ability of tenants to pay rent, particularly anchor tenants with leases in multiple locations;

●   tenants who may declare bankruptcy and/or close stores;

●   competition from other available properties to attract and retain tenants;

●   changes in market rental rates;

●   the need to periodically pay for costs to repair, renovate and re-let space;

●   ongoing consolidation in the retail sector;

●   the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets;

●   changes in operating costs, including costs for maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes;

●   the expenses of owning and operating properties, which are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the properties;

●   changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment and taxes;

●   acts of terrorism and war, acts of god and physical and weather-related damage to our properties; and

●   the risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time.

6
competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties or generate sufficient income from tenants and may decrease the occupancy and rental rates for our properties.
numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. new regional malls, open-air lifestyle centers or other retail shopping centers with more convenient locations or better rents may attract tenants or cause them to seek more favorable lease terms at or prior to renewal. retailers at our properties may face increasing competition from other retailers, e-commerce, outlet malls, discount shopping clubs, direct mail, telemarketing or home shopping networks, all of which could (i) reduce rents payable to us; (ii) reduce our ability to attract and retain tenants at our properties; or (iii) lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties. we may fail to anticipate the effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of growing online sales and the resulting retailing practices and space needs of our tenants or a general downturn in our tenants' businesses, which may cause tenants to close stores or default in payment of rent.
we face competition in the acquisition or development of real property from others engaged in real estate investment that could increase our costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets. some of these competitors may have greater financial resources than we do. this could result in competition for the acquisition of properties for tenants who lease or consider leasing space in our existing and subsequently acquired properties and for other real estate investment or development opportunities.
our performance depends on our ability to collect rent from tenants, including anchor tenants, our tenants' financial condition and our tenants maintaining leases for our properties.
at any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their financial condition. as a result, our tenants may delay a number of lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close stores or declare bankruptcy. any of these actions could result in the termination of tenants' leases and the loss of rental income attributable to these tenants' leases. in the event of a default by a tenant, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under the terms of the leases.
in addition, multiple lease terminations by tenants, including anchor tenants, or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center could result in lease terminations or significant reductions in rent by other tenants in the same shopping centers under the terms of some leases. in that event, we may be unable to re-lease the vacated space at attractive rents or at all, and our rental payments from our continuing tenants could significantly decrease. the occurrence of any of the situations described above, particularly involving a substantial tenant with leases in multiple locations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may not continue to pay us rent. a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the tenant or the lease guarantor, or their property, unless the bankruptcy court permits us to do so. a tenant bankruptcy could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. if a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general unsecured claim for damages. as a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold, if at all.
we may be unable to sell our real estate property investments when appropriate or on terms favorable to us.
real estate property investments are illiquid and generally cannot be disposed of quickly. the capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. in addition, the code restricts a reit's ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. therefore, we may not be able to vary our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on terms favorable to us within a timeframe that we would need. all of these factors reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
certain properties we own have a low tax basis, which may result in a taxable gain on sale. we intend to utilize 1031 exchanges to mitigate taxable income; however, there can be no assurance that we will identify properties that meet our investment objectives for acquisitions. in the event that we do not utilize 1031 exchanges, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax, which may reduce our cash flow available to fund our commitments.
we may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and this may create risks.
we may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe that an acquisition or development is consistent with our business strategies. we may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions or in completing developments on time or within budget. when we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in leasing newly developed or acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of acquisition or development and operations. difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove costly or time-consuming and could divert management's attention from other activities. acquisitions or developments in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in poorer than anticipated performance. we may also abandon acquisition or development opportunities that management has begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and will have devoted management's time to a matter not consummated. furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. in addition, development of our existing properties presents similar risks.
7
newly acquired or re-developed properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value or revenue potential. it is also possible that the operating performance of these properties may decline under our management. as we acquire additional properties, we will be subject to risks associated with managing new properties, including lease-up and tenant retention. in addition, our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to successfully integrate our new acquisitions into our existing management structure. we may not succeed with this integration or effectively manage additional properties, particularly in secondary markets. also, newly acquired properties may not perform as expected.
unsuccessful real estate under development activities or a slowdown in real estate under development activities could have a direct impact on our growth, results of operations and cash flows.
real estate under development is a component of our operating and investment strategy. we intend to continue pursuing select real estate under development opportunities for long-term investment and construction of retail, residential and/or mixed-use properties as opportunities arise. we expect to phase in construction until sufficient preleasing is reached. our real estate under development and construction activities include the following risks:
●   we may abandon real estate under development opportunities after expending resources and could lose all or part of our investment in such opportunities, including loss of deposits or failure to recover expenses already incurred;

●   development, construction or operating costs, including increased interest rates and higher materials, transportation, labor, leasing or other costs, may exceed our original estimates;

●   occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet our expectations and may not be sufficient to make the property profitable;

●   construction or permanent financing may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all;

●   we may not complete construction and lease-up on schedule due to a variety of factors including construction delays or contractor changes, resulting in increased expenses and construction costs or tenants or operators with the right to terminate pre-construction leases; and

●   we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations.

additionally, new real estate under development activities typically require substantial time and attention from management, and the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties could require several years to realize any significant cash return. the foregoing risks could hinder our growth and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties.
we operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other persons that are known as "mixed-use" developments. this means that in addition to the development of retail space, the project may also include space for residential, office, hotel or other commercial purposes. we have less experience in developing and managing non-retail real estate than we do with retail real estate. as a result, if a development project includes a non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience developing properties for such use or partner with such a developer. if we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of non-retail real estate. in addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected. these include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves (including providing any necessary financing). in the case of residential properties, these risks include competition for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. we will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. in the case of office properties, the risks also include changes in space utilization by tenants due to technology, economic conditions and business culture, declines in financial condition of these tenants and competition for credit worthy office tenants.  in the case of hotel properties, the risks also include increases in inflation and utilities that may not be offset by increases in room rates. we are also dependent on business and commercial travelers and tourism.  because we have less experience with residential, office and hotel properties than with retail properties, we expect to retain third parties to manage our residential properties. if we decide to not sell or participate in a joint venture and instead hire a third-party manager, we would be dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us.
construction and development projects are subject to risks that materially increase the costs of completion.
in the event that we decide to develop and construct new properties or redevelop existing properties, we will be subject to risks and uncertainties associated with construction and development. these risks include, but are not limited to, risks related to obtaining all necessary zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations, risks related to the environmental concerns of government entities or community groups, risks related to changes in economic and market conditions between development commencement and stabilization, risks related to construction labor disruptions, adverse weather, acts of god or shortages of materials which could cause construction delays and risks related to increases in the cost of labor and materials which could cause construction costs to be greater than projected and adversely impact the amount of our development fees or our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
8
we do not have exclusive control over our joint venture and preferred equity investments, such that we are unable to ensure that our objectives will be pursued.
we have invested in some properties as a co-venturer or partner, instead of owning directly. in these investments, we do not have exclusive control over the development, financing, leasing, management and other aspects of these investments. as a result, the co-venturer or partner might have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, take action contrary to our interests or otherwise impede our objectives. these investments involve risks and uncertainties. the co-venturer or partner may fail to provide capital or fulfill its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments. conflicts arising between us and our partners may be difficult to manage and/or resolve and it could be difficult to manage or otherwise monitor the existing business arrangements. the co-venturer or partner also might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may result in significant losses to us.
in addition, joint venture arrangements may decrease our ability to manage risk and implicate additional risks, such as:
●   potentially inferior financial capacity, diverging business goals and strategies and the need for our venture partner's continued cooperation;

●   our inability to take actions with respect to the joint venture activities that we believe are favorable to us if our joint venture partner does not agree;

●   our inability to control the legal entity that has title to the real estate associated with the joint venture;

●   our lenders may not be easily able to sell our joint venture assets and investments or may view them less favorably as collateral, which could negatively affect our liquidity and capital resources;

●   our joint venture partners can take actions that we may not be able to anticipate or prevent, which could result in negative impacts on our debt and equity; and

●   our joint venture partners' business decisions or other actions or omissions may result in harm to our reputation or adversely affect the value of our investments.

our joint venture and preferred equity investments generally own real estate properties for which the economic performance and value is subject to all the risks associated with owning and operating real estate as described above.
we may not be able to recover our investments in mortgage receivables or other investments, which may result in significant losses to us.
in the event of a default by a borrower, it may be necessary for us to foreclose our mortgage or engage in costly negotiations. delays in liquidating defaulted mortgage loans and repossessing and selling the underlying properties could reduce our investment returns. furthermore, in the event of default, the actual value of the property securing the mortgage may decrease. a decline in real estate values will adversely affect the value of our loans and the value of the mortgages securing our loans.
our mortgage receivables may be or become subordinated to mechanics' or materialmen's liens or property tax liens. in these instances, we may need to protect a particular investment by making payments to maintain the current status of a prior lien or discharge it entirely. where that occurs, the total amount we recover may be less than our total investment, resulting in a loss. in the event of a major loan default or several loan defaults resulting in losses, our investments in mortgage receivables would be materially and adversely affected.
the economic performance and value of our other investments which we do not control and are in retail operations, are subject to risks associated with owning and operating retail businesses, including:
●   changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;

●   the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies;

●   increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites; and

●   ongoing consolidation in the retail sector.

a decline in the value of our other investments may require us to recognize an other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") against such assets. when the fair value of an investment is determined to be less than its amortized cost at the balance sheet date, we assess whether the decline is temporary or other-than-temporary. if we intend to sell an impaired asset, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the impaired asset before any anticipated recovery, then we must recognize an otti through charges to earnings equal to the entire difference between the asset's amortized cost and its fair value at the balance sheet date. when an otti is recognized through earnings, a new cost basis is established for the asset and the new cost basis may not be adjusted through earnings for subsequent recoveries in fair value.
9
we intend to continue to sell our non-strategic assets and may not be able to recover our investments, which may result in significant losses to us.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover the current carrying amount of all of our non-strategic properties and investments and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures in the future. our failure to do so would require us to recognize impairment charges for the period in which we reached that conclusion, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we have substantially completed our efforts to exit our investments in mexico, south america and canada, however, we cannot predict the impact of laws and regulations affecting these international operations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions.
our international operations have included properties in canada, mexico, chile, brazil and peru and are subject to a variety of united states and foreign laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and foreign tax laws and regulations. although we have substantially completed our efforts to exit our investments in mexico, south america and canada, we cannot assure you that our past or any current international operations will continue to be found to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. in addition, we cannot predict the manner in which such laws or regulations might be administered or interpreted, or when, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions or tax audits as a result of our international operations.
we face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks which could adversely affect our business, cause loss of confidential information and disrupt operations.
a cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information resources. more specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential information. we may face cyber incidents and security breaches through malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization and other significant disruptions of our it networks and related systems. the risk of a cybersecurity breach or disruption, particularly through a cyber incident, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. our it networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of it networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.
while we maintain some of our own critical information technology systems, we also depend on third parties to provide important information technology services relating to several key business functions, such as payroll, human resources, electronic communications and certain finance functions. our measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, including password protection, firewalls, backup servers, threat monitoring and periodic penetration testing, may not be successful in preventing a data breach or limiting the effects of a breach. furthermore, the security measures employed by third-party service providers may prove to be ineffective at preventing breaches of their systems.
the primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our tenants, and private data exposure. our financial results may be negatively impacted by such an incident or resulting negative media attention.
a cyber incident could:
●   disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our tenants;

●   result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines;

●   result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a reit;

●   result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes;

●   result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space;

●   require significant management attention and resources to remedy and damages that result;

●   subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or

●   damage our reputation among our tenants, investors and associates.

moreover, cyber incidents perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and consumer spending and negatively impact our business.
10
we may be subject to liability under environmental laws, ordinances and regulations.
under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be considered an owner or operator of real property and may be responsible for paying for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances released on or in our property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). this liability may be imposed whether or not we knew about, or were responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances.
natural disasters and severe weather conditions could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, snow storms, floods and fires. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase operation costs, increase costs for future property insurance, negatively impact the tenant demand for lease space and cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed any applicable insurance coverage. if insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or if our insurance is not adequate to cover business interruption or losses from these events, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
risks related to our debt and equity securities we may be unable to obtain financing through the debt and equities market, which would have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, our results of operations and our financial condition.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to access the credit and/or equity markets to obtain additional debt or equity financing or that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us. the inability to obtain financing on a timely basis could have negative effects on our business, such as:
●   we could have great difficulty acquiring or developing properties, which would materially adversely affect our investment strategy;

●   our liquidity could be adversely affected;

●   we may be unable to repay or refinance our indebtedness;

●   we may need to make higher interest and principal payments or sell some of our assets on terms unfavorable to us to fund our indebtedness; or

●   we may need to issue additional capital stock, which could further dilute the ownership of our existing stakeholders.

adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on terms favorable to us, if at all, and could significantly reduce the market price of our publicly traded securities.
we are subject to financial covenants that may restrict our operating and acquisition activities.
our revolving credit facility and the indentures under which our senior unsecured debt is issued contain certain financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur debt, make dividend payments, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and consolidations and certain acquisitions. these covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain acquisition transactions that might otherwise be advantageous. in addition, failure to meet any of the financial covenants could cause an event of default under our revolving credit facility and the indentures and/or accelerate some or all of our indebtedness, which would have a material adverse effect on us.
impacts from transition away from london inter-bank offered rate ("libor").
a portion of our long-term indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates based on libor for deposits of u.s. dollars. libor and certain other interest "benchmarks" may be subject to regulatory guidance and/or reform that could cause interest rates under our current or future debt agreements to perform differently than in the past or cause other unanticipated consequences. the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it intends to stop encouraging or requiring banks to submit libor rates after 2021, and it is unclear if libor will cease to exist or if new methods of calculating libor will evolve. if libor ceases to exist or if the methods of calculating libor change from their current form, interest rates on our current or future indebtedness may be adversely affected.
changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our publicly traded securities.
the market price of our publicly traded securities depends on various market conditions, which may change from time-to-time. among the market conditions that may affect the market price of our publicly traded securities are the following:
●   the extent of institutional investor interest in us;

●   the reputation of reits generally and the reputation of reits with portfolios similar to ours;

●   the attractiveness of the securities of reits in comparison to securities issued by other entities, including securities issued by other real estate companies;

●   our financial condition and performance;

●   the market's perception of our growth potential, potential future cash dividends and risk profile;

●   an increase in market interest rates, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher distribution rate in relation to the price paid for our shares; and

●   general economic and financial market conditions.

11
we may change the dividend policy for our common stock in the future.
the decision to declare and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, operating cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under our indebtedness including preferred stock, the annual distribution requirements under the reit provisions of the code, state law and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant or are requirements under the code or state or federal laws. any negative change in our dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
risks related to our status as a reit and related u.s. federal income tax matters loss of our tax status as a reit or changes in u.s. federal income tax laws, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions relating to reits could have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our securities.
we have elected to be taxed as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes under the code. we believe that we are organized and operate in a manner that has allowed us to qualify and will allow us to remain qualified as a reit under the code. however, there can be no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions, for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a reit. the rules dealing with u.s. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and u.s. department of the treasury. we cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a reit, the u.s. federal income tax consequences of such qualification or the desirability of an investment in a reit relative to other investments.
in order to qualify as a reit, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets and a requirement that at least 95% of our gross income in any year be derived from qualifying sources, such as "rents from real property." also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our reit taxable income, excluding net capital gains. furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary reits which elected to be taxed as reits for u.s. federal income tax purposes under the code. provided that each subsidiary reit qualifies as a reit, our interest in such subsidiary reit will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the reit asset tests. to qualify as a reit, the subsidiary reit must independently satisfy all of the reit qualification requirements. the failure of a subsidiary reit to qualify as a reit could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a reit.
if we lose our reit status, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to pay dividends to stockholders for each of the years involved because:
●   we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends to stockholders in computing our taxable income and we would be subject to the regular u.s. federal corporate income tax;

●   we could possibly be subject to increased state and local taxes;

●   unless we were entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified; and

●   we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders.

moreover, the tax cuts and jobs act, enacted on december 22, 2017, has significantly changed the u.s. federal income taxation of u.s. businesses and their owners, including reits and their stockholders. changes made by the legislation that could affect us and our stockholders include:
●   temporarily reducing individual u.s. federal income tax rates on ordinary income; the highest individual u.s. federal income tax rate has been reduced from 39.6% to 37% (excluding the 3.8% medicare tax on net investment income) for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2026;

●   permanently eliminating the progressive corporate tax rate structure, with a maximum corporate tax rate of 35%, and replacing it with a flat corporate tax rate of 21%;

●   allowing a deduction for certain pass-through business income, including dividends received by our stockholders from us that are not designated by us as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income, which will allow individuals, trusts, and estates to deduct up to 20% of such amounts for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2026; reit dividends, as described herein, will be allowed the full 20% deduction thereby reducing the highest marginal income tax rate on these dividends to 29.6% from 37% (excluding the 3.8% medicare tax on net investment income);

12
●   reducing the highest rate of withholding with respect to our distributions to non-u.s. stockholders that are treated as attributable to gains from the sale or exchange of u.s. real property interests from 35% to 21%;

●   limiting our deduction for net operating losses arising in taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 to 80% of reit taxable income (after the application of the dividends paid deduction);

●   generally limiting the deduction for net business interest expense in excess of 30% of a business's adjusted taxable income, except for taxpayers that engage in certain real estate businesses and elect out of this rule (and requiring such electing taxpayers to use the less favorable alternative depreciation system); and

●   elimination of the corporate alternative minimum tax.

many of these changes are effective immediately, without any transition periods or grandfathering for existing transactions. the legislation is unclear in many respects and could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, as well as interpretations and implementing regulations by the treasury and irs, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. in addition, it is unclear how these u.s. federal income tax changes will affect state and local taxation, which often uses u.s. federal taxable income as a starting point for computing state and local tax liabilities.
while some of the changes made by the tax legislation may adversely affect us in one or more reporting periods and prospectively, other changes may be beneficial on a going forward basis. we continue to work with our tax advisors to determine the full impact that the recent tax legislation as a whole will have on us. we urge our investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to such legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in our common stock.
our failure to qualify as a reit or new legislation or changes in u.s. federal income tax laws (including interpretations and regulations with respect to the tax cuts and jobs act), and with respect to qualification as a reit or the tax consequences of such qualification, could also impair our ability to expand our business or raise capital and have a materially adverse effect on the value of our securities.
to maintain our reit status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and per share trading price of our common stock.
to qualify as a reit, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes on the amount we distribute that is less than 100% of our net taxable income each year, including capital gains. in addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. while we have historically satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a reit is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. assuming we continue to satisfy these distribution requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds to meet the reit distribution requirements and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for u.s. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of cash reserves or required debt or amortization payments. these sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market's perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. we cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and per share trading price of our common stock.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this form 10-k. historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the consolidated statements of income contained in the consolidated financial statements, including trends, should not be taken as indicative of future operations.
critical accounting policies the consolidated financial statements of the company include the accounts of the company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and all entities in which the company has a controlling interest, including where the company has been determined to be a primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity in accordance with the consolidation guidance of the fasb accounting standards codification ("asc"). the company applies these provisions to each of its joint venture investments to determine whether the cost, equity or consolidation method of accounting is appropriate. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. in preparing these financial statements, management has made its best estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. these estimates are based on, but not limited to, historical results, industry standards and current economic conditions, giving due consideration to materiality. the most significant assumptions and estimates relate to revenue recognition and the recoverability of trade accounts receivable, depreciable lives, valuation of real estate, including real estate under development, and intangible assets and liabilities, valuation of joint venture investments and other investments, and realizability of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions. application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties, and, as a result, actual results could materially differ from these estimates.
the company is required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of its real estate properties, investments in joint ventures, marketable securities and other investments. the company's reported net earnings are directly affected by management's estimate of impairments.
revenue recognition and recoverability of trade accounts receivable the company's primary source of revenue is derived from property leases which produce the company's revenues from rental properties, reimbursement income and other rental property income. on january 1, 2018, the company adopted asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), using the modified retrospective method. the adoption of this standard did not result in any material changes to the company's revenue recognition (see footnote 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k).
revenues from rental properties revenues from rental properties are comprised of minimum base rent, percentage rent, lease termination fee income, amortization of above-market and below-market rent adjustments and straight-line rent adjustments. base rental revenues from rental properties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. certain of these leases also provide for percentage rents based upon the level of sales achieved by the lessee. these percentage rents are recognized once the required sales level is achieved. rental income may also include payments received in connection with lease termination agreements. lease termination fee income is recognized when the lessee provides consideration in order to terminate an existing lease agreement and has vacated the leased space. the performance obligation of the company is the termination of the lease agreement which occurs upon consideration received and execution of the termination agreement. upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, the company estimates the fair value of identified intangible assets and liabilities (including above-market and below-market leases, where applicable). the capitalized above-market or below-market intangible asset or liability is amortized to rental income over the estimated remaining term of the respective leases, which includes the expected renewal option period for below-market leases.
reimbursement income leases typically provide for reimbursement to the company of common area maintenance costs ("cam"), real estate taxes and other operating expenses. operating expense reimbursements are recognized as earned.
20
trade accounts receivable the company makes estimates of the uncollectable trade accounts receivables related to base rents, straight-line rent, expense reimbursements and other revenues. the company analyzes accounts receivable and historical bad debt levels, customer credit worthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. in addition, tenants in bankruptcy are analyzed and estimates are made in connection with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims. the company's reported net earnings are directly affected by management's estimate of the collectability of trade accounts receivable.
real estate depreciable lives the company's investments in real estate properties are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. significant renovations and replacements, which improve and extend the life of the asset, are capitalized.
the company capitalizes acquisition costs related to real estate operating properties, which qualify as asset acquisitions. also, upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, the company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, building, building improvements and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above and below-market leases, in-place leases, and tenant relationships, where applicable), assumed debt and redeemable units issued at the date of acquisition, based on evaluation of information and estimates available at that date. fair value is determined based on a market approach, which contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:
buildings and building improvements (in years)                                                 5 to 50

fixtures, leasehold and tenant improvements (including certain identified intangible assets)   terms of leases or useful lives, whichever is shorter the company is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of its properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to reflect on an annual basis with respect to those properties. these assessments have a direct impact on the company's net earnings.
valuation of real estate, including real estate under development, and intangible assets and liabilities on a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes in anticipated holding period, general market conditions and delays of development, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. a property value is considered impaired only if management's estimate of current and projected operating cash flows, net of anticipated construction and leasing costs, (undiscounted and unleveraged) of the property over its anticipated hold period is less than the net carrying value of the property. such cash flow projections consider factors such as expected future costs of materials and labor, operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. to the extent impairment has occurred, the carrying value of the property would be adjusted to reflect the estimated fair value of the property. the company's estimated fair values are based upon a discounted cash flow model for each property that includes all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period. capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in these models are based upon rates that the company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates.
when a real estate asset is identified by management as held-for-sale, the company ceases depreciation of the asset and estimates the sales price of such asset net of selling costs. if, in management's opinion, the net sales price of the asset is less than the net book value of such asset, an adjustment to the carrying value would be recorded to reflect the estimated fair value of the property.
valuation of joint venture investments and other investments the company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures under the equity method of accounting as the company exercises significant influence, but does not control, these entities. these investments are recorded initially at cost and are subsequently adjusted for cash contributions and distributions. earnings for each investment are recognized in accordance with each respective investment agreement and, where applicable, are based upon an allocation of the investment's net assets at book value as if the investment was hypothetically liquidated at the end of each reporting period.
the company's joint ventures and other real estate investments primarily consist of co-investments with institutional and other joint venture partners in open-air shopping center properties, consistent with its core business. these joint ventures typically obtain non-recourse third-party financing on their property investments, thus contractually limiting the company's exposure to losses to the amount of its equity investment, and, due to the lender's exposure to losses, a lender typically will require a minimum level of equity in order to mitigate its risk. from time to time the joint ventures will obtain unsecured debt, which may be guaranteed by the joint venture. the company's exposure to losses associated with its unconsolidated joint ventures is primarily limited to its carrying value in these investments.
21
on a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the company's investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. an investment's value is impaired only if management's estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. to the extent impairment has occurred, the loss will be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the investment.
the company's estimated fair values are based upon a discounted cash flow model for each joint venture that includes all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums. capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in these models are based upon rates that the company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates.
realizability of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions the company is subject to federal, state and local income taxes on the income from its activities relating to its trs activities and subject to local taxes on certain non-u.s. investments. the company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method, which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized based on future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the changes are enacted.
a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required, if based on the evidence available, it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the valuation allowance, which requires significant judgement from management, should be sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. the company's reported net earnings are directly affected by management's judgement in determining a valuation allowance.
the company recognizes and measures benefits for uncertain tax positions, which requires significant judgment from management. although the company believes it has adequately reserved for any uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. the company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in the company's income tax expense in the period in which a change is made, which could have a material impact on operating results (see footnote 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k).
executive overview kimco realty corporation is one of north america's largest publicly traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers. as of december 31, 2018, the company had interests in 437 shopping center properties aggregating 76.3 million square feet of gla located in 27 states and puerto rico. in addition, the company had 290 other property interests, primarily through the company's preferred equity investments and other real estate investments, totaling 4.7 million square feet of gla.
the executive officers are engaged in the day-to-day management and operation of real estate exclusively with the company, with nearly all operating functions, including leasing, asset management, maintenance, construction, legal, finance and accounting, administered by the company.
the following highlights the company's significant transactions, events and results that occurred during the year ended december 31, 2018:
financial and portfolio information:
●   net income available to the company's common shareholders increased to $439.6 million, or $1.02 per diluted share for the year ended december 31, 2018 from $372.5 million, or $0.87 per diluted share for the year ended december 31, 2017.

●   funds from operations ("ffo") was $620.7 million or $1.47 per diluted share for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to $655.6 million or $1.55 per diluted share for the corresponding period in 2017 (see additional disclosure on ffo beginning on page 36).

●   ffo as adjusted was $613.0 million or $1.45 per diluted share for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to $644.2 million or $1.52 per diluted share for the corresponding period in 2017 (see additional disclosure on ffo beginning on page 36).

22
●   same property net operating income ("same property noi") increased 2.9% for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 (see additional disclosure on same property noi beginning on page 38).

●   executed 1,046 new leases, renewals and options totaling approximately 7.6 million square feet in the consolidated operating portfolio.

●   the company's consolidated operating portfolio occupancy at december 31, 2018 was 95.8% as compared to 95.9% at december 31, 2017.

acquisition and development activity (see footnotes 3 and 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k):
●   acquired two land parcels adjacent to existing shopping centers located in ardmore, pa and elmont, ny, in separate transactions, for an aggregate purchase price of $5.4 million.

●   completed and opened three development projects totaling $338.8 million (including capitalized costs of $21.4 million) during the year ended december 31, 2018.

disposition activity (see footnote 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k):
●   during 2018, the company disposed of 54 operating properties (including the deconsolidation of one property) and seven out-parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $1.2 billion. these transactions resulted in (i) aggregate gains of $229.8 million and (ii) aggregate impairment charges of $19.7 million.

●   during 2018, the company sold 10 land parcels for an aggregate sales price of $9.7 million, which resulted in an aggregate gain of $6.3 million.

capital activity (for additional details see liquidity and capital resources below):
●   during january 2018, the underwriting financial institutions for the class m preferred stock exercised the over-allotment option and as a result, the company issued an additional 1,380,000 class m depositary shares and received net proceeds before expenses of $33.4 million.

●   during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company repaid the following notes (dollars in millions):
type                   date paid         amount repaid     interest rate    maturity date

senior unsecured notes (1)   aug-18                         $300.0            6.875%   oct-19
senior unsecured notes (2)   jun-18 &amp; jul-18             $15.1            3.200%   may-21
(1)   the company recorded an early extinguishment of debt charge of $12.8 million resulting from the early repayment of these notes.

(2)   represents partial repayments. as of december 31, 2018, these notes had a remaining outstanding balance of $484.9 million.

●   also, during 2018, the company (i) deconsolidated $206.0 million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt relating to an operating property for which the company no longer holds a controlling interest, (ii) repaid $205.6 million of maturing mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustments of $0.9 million) that encumbered six operating properties and (iii) disposed of a $12.4 million encumbered property through foreclosure.

●   in august 2018, the company closed on a construction loan commitment of $67.0 million relating to one development property, which had a balance of $51.0 million outstanding as of december 31, 2018.

●   as a result of the above activity, the company's debt maturity profile, including extension options, is as follows:

●   as of december 31, 2018, the weighted average interest rate was 3.62% and the weighted average maturity profile was 10.5 years.

23
the company faces external factors which may influence its future results from operations. the convenience and availability of e-commerce has continued to have an impact on the retail sector, which could affect our ability to increase or maintain rental rates and our ability to renew expiring leases and/or lease available space. to mitigate the effect of e-commerce on its business, the company's strategy has been to attract local area customers to its properties by providing a diverse and robust tenant base across a variety of retailers, including grocery stores, off-price retailers, discounters or service-oriented tenants, which offer off-price merchandise and day-to-day necessities rather than high-priced luxury items. in addition, the company's strategy includes investing capital into high quality assets, which are concentrated in major metro markets, allowing our tenants to generate higher foot traffic resulting in higher sales volume while also disposing of lesser quality assets in less desirable locations. for a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see item 1a. "risk factors."
the company continues to take steps to strengthen its portfolio in the rapidly changing retail environment. the company intends to continue to dispose of assets outside its core markets, which will allow it to concentrate its presence in target coastal markets by completing development projects underway and continuing to invest in redevelopment, ultimately producing a stronger portfolio for sustained long-term growth.
results of operations comparison of years ended december 31, 2018 to 2017
the following table presents the comparative results from the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017 (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,

2018                       2017                             $ change revenues revenues from rental properties (1)                                              $882,345                    $912,670             $(30,325         )
reimbursement income (1)                                                          246,381                     247,563                     (1,182   )
other rental property income (1)                                                   20,877                      23,552                     (2,675   )
management and other fee income                                                    15,159                      17,049                     (1,890   )
operating expenses rent (2)                                                                          (10,929    )                (11,145    )        216
real estate taxes                                                                (153,336    )               (157,196    )                 3,860
operating and maintenance (1) (3)                                                (164,294    )               (169,552    )                 5,258
general and administrative (1) (4)                                                (87,797    )                (91,690    )                 3,893
provision for doubtful accounts                                                    (6,253    )                 (5,630    )                  (623   )
impairment charges                                                                (79,207    )                (67,331    )               (11,876   )
depreciation and amortization                                                    (310,380    )               (360,811    )                50,431
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests               229,840                      93,538                    136,302
other income/(expense)
other income, net                                                                  13,041                       2,559                     10,482
interest expense                                                                 (183,339    )               (191,956    )                 8,617
early extinguishment of debt charges                                              (12,762    )                 (1,753    )               (11,009   )
(provision)/benefit for income taxes, net                                          (1,600    )                    880                     (2,480   )
equity in income of joint ventures, net                                            71,617                      60,763                     10,854
gain on change in control of joint venture interests                                    -                      71,160                    (71,160   )
equity in income of other real estate investments, net                             29,100                      67,001                    (37,901   )
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                  (668    )                (13,596    )                12,928
preferred stock redemption charges                                                      -                      (7,014    )                 7,014
preferred dividends                                                               (58,191    )                (46,600    )               (11,591   )
net income available to the company's common shareholders                        $439,604                    $372,461             $67,143
net income available to the company's common shareholders:
diluted per share                                                                   $1.02                       $0.87             $0.15
(1)   the company reclassified $247.6 million of reimbursement income and $23.6 million of other rental property income from revenues from rental properties on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2017. the company reclassified $26.8 million from general and administrative to operating and maintenance on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2017. see footnote 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

(2)   rent expense relates to ground lease payments for which the company is the lessee.

(3)   operating and maintenance expense consists of property related costs including repairs and maintenance costs, roof repair, landscaping, parking lot repair, snow removal, utilities, property insurance costs, security, personnel costs related to property management services and various other property related expenses.

(4)   general and administrative costs include employee-related expenses (including salaries, bonuses, equity awards, benefits, severance costs and payroll taxes but excluding property management personnel), professional fees, office rent, travel expense and other company-specific expenses.

net income available to the company's common shareholders was $439.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to $372.5 million for the comparable period in 2017. on a diluted per share basis, net income available to the company's common shareholders for year ended december 31, 2018, was $1.02 as compared to $0.87 for the comparable period in 2017. for additional disclosure, see footnote 23 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
24
the following describes the changes of certain line items included in net income available to the company's common shareholders on the company's consolidated statements of income, which it believes represent items that have significant changes during the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2017:
revenue from rental properties -
the decrease in revenues from rental properties of $30.3 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) a decrease in revenues of $63.2 million from properties sold during 2018 and 2017, partially offset by (ii) the completion of certain development/redevelopment projects, tenant buyouts and net growth in the current portfolio, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018 of $21.6 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, and (iii) the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2018 and 2017, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018 of $11.3 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017.
real estate taxes -
real estate taxes decreased $3.9 million primarily due to (i) a decrease of $12.0 million resulting from properties sold during 2018 and 2017, partially offset by (ii) an overall net increase of $6.4 million primarily due to increases in property tax rates and assessments during 2018, as compared to 2017 and (iii) an increase of $1.7 million related to the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2018 and 2017.
operating and maintenance -
the decrease in operating and maintenance of $5.3 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) a decrease in operating costs of $9.4 million from properties sold during 2018 and 2017, partially offset by (ii) an increase of $2.5 million related to the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties and (iii) an increase of $1.6 million primarily related to snow removal costs.
general and administrative -
the decrease in general and administrative costs of $3.9 million is primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs and consulting fees.
impairment charges -
during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company recognized impairment charges related to adjustments to property carrying values of $79.2 million and $67.3 million, respectively, for which the company's estimated fair values were primarily based upon (i) signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers, (ii) discounted cash flow models or (iii) third party appraisal. these adjustments to property carrying values were recognized in connection with the company's efforts to market certain properties, including a property which the company discontinued its plan to develop and now intends to market it for sale as is, and management's assessment as to the likelihood and timing of such potential transactions.  certain of the calculations to determine fair value utilized unobservable inputs and as such are classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  for additional disclosure, see footnotes 6 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
depreciation and amortization -
the decrease in depreciation and amortization of $50.4 million is primarily due to (i) a decrease of $29.1 million related to the acceleration of depreciable lives of assets due to demolition within the company's redevelopment projects during 2017, as compared to 2018, (ii) a decrease of $15.6 million resulting from property dispositions in 2018 and 2017 and (iii) a decrease related to tenant vacates and write-offs of depreciable assets of $14.5 million, partially offset by (iv) an increase of $8.8 million related to the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017.
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests-
during 2018, the company disposed of 54 operating properties (including the deconsolidation of one property) and seven out-parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $1.2 billion. these transactions resulted in aggregate gains of $229.8 million and aggregate impairment charges of $19.7 million. during 2017, the company disposed of 25 operating properties and nine parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $352.2 million. these transactions resulted in aggregate gains of $93.5 million and aggregate impairment charges of $17.1 million.
25
other income, net -
the increase in other income, net of $10.5 million is primarily due to (i) the recognition of gain on forgiveness of debt of $4.3 million and relief of accrued interest expense of $3.4 million resulting from the foreclosure of an encumbered property during 2018, (ii) the recognition of $4.2 million in income resulting from the receipt of casualty insurance claims in excess of the value of the assets written off, (iii) a reduction in demolition related costs of $3.5 million and (iv) an increase in gains on land sales of $2.9 million, partially offset by (v) the recognition of a net loss on changes in fair value of available-for-sale marketable securities of $3.5 million during 2018 and (vi) an increase in deal costs of $3.2 million related to transactions the company is no longer pursuing.
interest expense -
the decrease in interest expense of $8.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017, is primarily the result of the repayment of maturing debt during 2018 and 2017 and lower levels of borrowings during the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017.
early extinguishment of debt charges -
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company incurred early extinguishment of debt charges of $12.8 million in connection with the optional make-whole provisions of unsecured notes that were repaid prior to maturity. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company incurred early extinguishment of debt charges of $1.8 million in connection with the tender premium on medium term notes that were partially tendered prior to maturity.
equity in income of joint ventures, net -
the increase in equity in income of joint ventures, net of $10.9 million is primarily due to (i) an increase in net gains of $13.8 million resulting from the sales of properties and ownership interests within various joint venture investments during 2018 as compared to 2017 and (ii) the recognition during 2017 of a cumulative foreign currency translation loss of $4.8 million as a result of the substantial liquidation of the company's investments in canada, partially offset by (iii) lower equity in income of $5.6 million primarily resulting from the sales of properties within various joint venture investments and the acquisition of partnership interests in joint ventures by the company during 2018 and 2017 and (iv) an increase in impairment charges of $2.1 million recognized during 2018 as compared to 2017.
gain on change in control of joint venture interests -
during 2017, the company acquired, in separate transactions, a controlling interest in three operating properties from certain joint venture partners in which the company had noncontrolling interests. as a result of these transactions, the company recorded an aggregate gain on change in control of interests of $71.2 million related to the fair value adjustment associated with its previously held equity interest in these operating properties.
equity in income from other real estate investments, net -
the decrease in equity in income from other real estate investments, net of $37.9 million is primarily due to (i) a decrease of $34.6 million in equity in income from the albertsons joint venture resulting from cash distributions received in excess of the company's carrying basis during 2017 and (ii) the recognition in 2017 of a cumulative foreign currency translation gain of $14.8 million as a result of the substantial liquidation of the company's investments in canada during 2017, partially offset by (iii) an increase in earnings and profit participation from capital transactions related to company's preferred equity program of $11.4 million during 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests -
the decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $12.9 million is primarily due to equity in income allocated to the company's noncontrolling interest members as a result of a distribution in excess of basis in the albertsons joint venture during 2017.
preferred stock redemption charges -
during 2017, the company partially redeemed its class i preferred stock shares, and as a result, the company recorded a redemption charge of $7.0 million. this $7.0 million charge was subtracted from net income attributable to the company to arrive at net income available to the company's common shareholders and used in the calculation of earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2017.
26
preferred dividends -
the increase in preferred dividends of $11.6 million is primarily due to the issuances of class l preferred stock and class m preferred stock in 2017 and 2018, partially offset by the partial redemption of class i preferred stock in 2017.
comparison of years ended december 31, 2017 to 2016
the following table presents the comparative results from the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016 (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,

2017                       2016                                    $ change revenues revenues from rental properties (1)                                                  $912,670                    $893,365                     $19,305
reimbursement income (1)                                                              247,563                     239,015                       8,548
other rental property income (1)                                                       23,552                      20,021                       3,531
management and other fee income                                                        17,049                      18,391                      (1,342   )
operating expenses rent                                                                                  (11,145    )                (10,993    )                   (152   )
real estate taxes                                                                    (157,196    )               (146,615    )                (10,581   )
operating and maintenance (1)                                                        (169,552    )               (171,416    )                  1,864
general and administrative (1)                                                        (91,690    )                (86,796    )                 (4,894   )
provision for doubtful accounts                                                        (5,630    )                 (5,563    )                    (67   )
impairment charges                                                                    (67,331    )                (93,266    )                 25,935
depreciation and amortization                                                        (360,811    )               (355,320    )                 (5,491   )
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests (1)                93,538                      92,823                         715
other income/(expense)
other income, net                                                                       2,559                       5,425                      (2,866   )
interest expense                                                                     (191,956    )               (192,549    )                    593
early extinguishment of debt charges                                                   (1,753    )                (45,674    )                 43,921
benefit/(provision) for income taxes, net                                                 880                     (78,583    )                 79,463
equity in income of joint ventures, net                                                60,763                     218,714                    (157,951   )
gain on change in control of joint venture interests                                   71,160                      57,386                      13,774
equity in income of other real estate investments, net                                 67,001                      27,773                      39,228
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                   (13,596    )                 (7,288    )                 (6,308   )
preferred stock redemption charges                                                     (7,014    )                      -                      (7,014   )
preferred dividends                                                                   (46,600    )                (46,220    )                   (380   )
net income available to the company's common shareholders                            $372,461                    $332,630                     $39,831
net income available to the company's common shareholders:
diluted per share                                                                       $0.87                       $0.79                       $0.08
(1)   the company reclassified $239.0 million of reimbursement income and $20.0 million of other rental property income from revenues from rental properties on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2016. the company reclassified $30.5 million from general and administrative to operating and maintenance on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2016. the company reclassified $6.0 million from gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests to (provision)/benefit for income taxes, net on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2016. see footnote 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

net income available to the company's common shareholders was $372.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to $332.6 million for the comparable period in 2016. on a diluted per share basis, net income available to the company for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $0.87 as compared to $0.79 for the comparable period in 2016. for additional disclosure, see footnote 23 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
the following describes the changes of certain line items included in net income available to the company's common shareholders on the company's consolidated statements of income, which it believes represent items that have significant changes during the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2016:
revenue from rental properties -
the increase in revenues from rental properties of $19.3 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017 and 2016, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $43.5 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016, and (ii) the completion of certain redevelopment projects, tenant buyouts and net growth in the current portfolio, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $0.4 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in revenues of $24.6 million from properties sold during 2017 and 2016.
27
reimbursement income -
the increase in reimbursement income of $8.5 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017 and 2016, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $12.9 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016, and (ii) increased occupancy rates, the nature and timing of spending and net growth in recovery rates for the current portfolio, which provided incremental reimbursement income for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $2.1 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in revenues of $6.5 million from properties sold during 2017 and 2016.
other rental income -
the increase in other rental income of $3.5 million is primarily from the combined effect of (i) the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017 and 2016, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $1.1 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016, and (ii) the completion of certain redevelopment projects, tenant buyouts and net growth in the current portfolio, which provided incremental revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 of $2.4 million, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016.
real estate taxes -
the increase in real estate taxes of $10.6 million is primarily due to (i) an increase of $8.4 million related to the acquisition and consolidation of operating properties during 2017 and 2016, and (ii) an overall net increase of $5.0 million primarily due to refunds received during 2016, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of $2.8 million resulting from properties sold during 2017 and 2016.
general and administrative -
the increase in general and administrative costs of $4.9 million due to an increase in severance and personnel costs.
impairment charges -
during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, the company recognized impairment charges related to adjustments to property carrying values of $67.3 million and $93.3 million, respectively, for which the company's estimated fair values were primarily based upon (i) signed contracts or letters of intent from third party offers or (ii) discounted cash flow models. these adjustments to property carrying values were recognized in connection with the company's efforts to market certain properties and management's assessment as to the likelihood and timing of such potential transactions. also, the company re-evaluated its long-term plan for a single property due to unfavorable local market conditions. certain of the calculations to determine fair value utilized unobservable inputs and as such are classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. for additional disclosure, see footnotes 6 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
depreciation and amortization -
the increase in depreciation and amortization of $5.5 million is primarily due to (i) an increase of $21.8 million related to the acquisition/consolidation of operating properties during 2017 and 2016, and (ii) an increase of $15.2 million related to the acceleration of depreciable lives of assets due to demolition within the company's redevelopment projects in 2017 and 2016, partially offset by (iii) a decrease of $31.5 million resulting from property dispositions and tenant vacates in 2017 and 2016.
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests -
during 2017, the company disposed of 25 operating properties and nine parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $352.2 million. these transactions resulted in (i) an aggregate gain of $93.5 million and (ii) aggregate impairment charges of $17.1 million. during 2016, the company disposed of 30 operating properties and two parcels, in separate transactions, for an aggregate sales price of $378.7 million. these transactions resulted in an aggregate gain of $92.8 million and aggregate impairment charges of $37.2 million.
early extinguishment of debt charges -
during 2017, the company incurred early extinguishment of debt charges aggregating $1.8 million in connection with the tender premium on medium term notes that were partially tendered prior to maturity. during 2016, the company incurred early extinguishment of debt charges aggregating $45.7 million in connection with the optional make-whole provisions of unsecured notes that were repaid prior to maturity and prepayment penalties on a mortgage encumbering 10 operating properties, which the company also paid prior to the scheduled maturity date.
28
(provision)/benefit for income taxes, net -
the change in (provision)/benefit for income taxes, net of $79.5 million is primarily due to (i) a decrease in tax expense of $63.5 million resulting from the recognition of a valuation allowance as a result of the company's merger of its taxable reit subsidiary into a wholly owned llc of the company on august 1, 2016, (ii) a decrease in foreign tax expense of $30.4 million primarily relating to the sale of certain unconsolidated properties during 2016 within the company's canadian portfolio which were subject to foreign taxes at a consolidated reporting entity level and (iii) a decrease in tax expense of $6.0 million resulting from the sales of properties during 2017, partially offset by (iv) a decrease in tax benefit of $17.1 million primarily related to impairment charges recognized during 2016, (v) a tax refund during 2016 of $2.0 million resulting from the favorable settlement of a tax audit and (vi) an increase in tax expense of $1.1 million due to effects of changes in u.s. tax law, which lowered corporate tax rates impacting the amounts relating to the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities within its trs.
equity in income of joint ventures, net -
the decrease in equity in income of joint ventures, net of $158.0 million is primarily due to (i) a decrease in net gains of $158.1 million resulting from fewer sales of properties and ownership interests within various joint venture investments during 2017 as compared to 2016, (ii) lower equity in income of $5.3 million primarily resulting from the sales of properties within various joint venture investments and the acquisition of partnership interests in joint ventures by the company during 2017 and 2016, and (iii) the recognition of a cumulative foreign currency translation loss of $4.8 million as a result of the substantial liquidation of the company's investments in canada during 2017, partially offset by (iv) a decrease in impairment charges of $10.2 million recognized during 2017 as compared to 2016.
gain on change in control of joint venture interests -
during 2017, the company acquired, in separate transactions, a controlling interest in three operating properties from certain joint venture partners in which the company had noncontrolling interests. as a result of these transactions, the company recorded an aggregate gain on change in control of interests of $71.2 million related to the fair value adjustment associated with its previously held equity interest in these operating properties. during 2016, the company acquired, in separate transactions, a controlling interest in nine operating properties and one development project from certain joint venture partners in which the company had noncontrolling interests. as a result of these transactions, the company recorded a gain on change in control of interests of $57.4 million related to the fair value adjustment associated with its previously held equity interest in these operating properties and the development project.
equity in income from other real estate investments, net -
the increase in equity in income from other real estate investments, net of $39.2 million is primarily due to (i) an increase of $34.6 million in equity in income from the albertsons joint venture resulting from cash distributions received in excess of the company's carrying basis during 2017 and (ii) the recognition of a cumulative foreign currency translation gain of $14.8 million as a result of the substantial liquidation of the company's investments in canada during 2017, partially offset by (iii) a decrease in earnings and profit participation from capital transactions related to company's preferred equity program of $10.1 million during 2017, as compared to the corresponding period in 2016.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests -
the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $6.3 million is primarily due to (i) an increase of $10.9 million in equity in income attributable to the company's noncontrolling partners in the albertsons joint venture during 2017, partially offset by (ii) lower equity in income of $4.4 million resulting from the redemption of certain noncontrolling interests, the sales of properties within various joint venture investments and/or acquisition/consolidation of ownership interests in joint ventures by the company during 2017 and 2016.
preferred stock redemption charges -
during 2017, the company partially redeemed its class i preferred stock shares and as a result, the company recorded a non-cash redemption charge of $7.0 million. this $7.0 million charge was subtracted from net income attributable to the company to arrive at net income available to the company's common shareholders and used in the calculation of earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2017.
liquidity and capital resources the company's capital resources include accessing the public debt and equity capital markets, mortgage and construction loan financing, and immediate access to an unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with bank commitments of $2.25 billion which can be increased to $2.75 billion through an accordion feature.
29
the company's cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2018                        2017
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                           $238,513                      $142,486
net cash flow provided by operating activities                          637,936                       614,181
net cash flow provided by/(used for) investing activities               253,645                      (294,280   )
net cash flow used for financing activities                            (986,513     )                (223,874   )
change in cash and cash equivalents                                     (94,932     )                  96,027
cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                 $143,581                      $238,513
operating activities the company anticipates that cash on hand, cash flows from operations, borrowings under its credit facility, and the issuance of equity and public debt, as well as other debt and equity alternatives, will provide the necessary capital required by the company.
cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, were $637.9 million, as compared to $614.2 million for the comparable period in 2017. the increase of $23.7 million is primarily attributable to:
●   the acquisition of operating properties during 2017;

●   new leasing, expansion and re-tenanting of core portfolio properties;

●   an increase in distributions from the company's joint venture programs; and

●   a decrease in interest expense; partially offset by

●   changes in operating receivables and payables due to timing of receipts and payments; and

●   the disposition of operating properties during 2018 and 2017.

during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company capitalized personnel costs of $14.8 million and $16.1 million, respectively, relating to deferred leasing costs.
investing activities cash flows provided by investing activities were $253.6 million for 2018, as compared to cash flows used for investing activities of $294.3 million for 2017.
investing activities during 2018 consisted primarily of:
cash inflows:
●   $754.7 million in proceeds from the sale of 54 operating properties (including the deconsolidation of one property), seven out-parcels and 10 land parcels;

●   $34.0 million in reimbursements of investments and advances to real estate joint ventures and reimbursements of investments and advances to other real estate investments, primarily related to disposition of properties and loan refinancing within the joint venture portfolio and the company's preferred equity program;

●   $22.3 million in collection of mortgage loans receivable; and

●   $16.2 million in proceeds from insurance casualty claims in connection with hurricane maria which damaged several of the company's properties in puerto rico during 2017.

cash outflows:
●   $526.9 million for improvements to operating real estate related to the company's active redevelopment pipeline and improvements to real estate under development;

●   $36.1 million for investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures, primarily related to a redevelopment project within the company's joint venture portfolio; and

●   $10.0 million for acquisition of operating real estate and other related net assets, including two land parcels, and the acquisition of a land parcel at one development project.

investing activities during 2017 consisted primarily of:
cash inflows:
●   $181.3 million in proceeds from the sale of 25 operating properties and nine parcels; and

●   $96.5 million in reimbursements of investments and advances to real estate joint ventures, primarily related to disposition of properties within the joint venture portfolio, and reimbursements of investments and advances to other real estate investments, primarily related to the distribution from the albertsons joint venture.

30
cash outflows:
●   $367.1 million for improvements to operating real estate related to the company's active redevelopment pipeline and improvements to real estate under development;

●   $163.9 million for acquisition of operating real estate and other related net assets, including seven operating properties and six parcels, and acquisition of real estate under development related to one development project;

●   $35.3 million for investments in and advances to real estate joint ventures, primarily related to a redevelopment project and the repayment of a mortgage within the company's joint venture portfolio; and

●   $9.8 million for investment in marketable securities.

acquisitions of operating real estate and other related net assets during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company expended $5.4 million and $153.9 million, respectively, towards the acquisition of operating real estate properties. the company anticipates spending approximately $50.0 million to $75.0 million towards the acquisition of operating properties during 2019. the company intends to fund these acquisitions with cash flow from operating activities, proceeds from property dispositions and availability under its credit facility.
improvements to operating real estate during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company expended $290.9 million and $206.8 million, respectively, towards improvements to operating real estate. these amounts consist of the following (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2018                      2017
redevelopment and renovations                        $220,829                    $177,840
tenant improvements and tenant allowances              67,624                      16,995
other                                                   2,421                      11,965
total (1)                                            $290,874                    $206,800
(1)   during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company capitalized interest of $3.6 million and $3.5 million, respectively, and capitalized payroll of $7.1 million and $3.1 million, respectively, in connection with the company's improvements to operating real estate.

the company has an ongoing program to redevelop and re-tenant its properties to maintain or enhance its competitive position in the marketplace. the company is actively pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its operating portfolio which it believes will increase the overall value by bringing in new tenants and improving the assets' value. the company has identified three categories of redevelopment, (i) large scale redevelopment, which involves demolishing and building new square footage, (ii) value creation redevelopment, which includes the subdivision of large anchor spaces into multiple tenant layouts, and (iii) creation of out-parcels and pads located in the front or adjacent to its existing shopping center properties. the company anticipates its capital commitment toward these redevelopment projects and re-tenanting efforts during 2019 will be approximately $200.0 million to $250.0 million. the funding of these capital requirements will be provided by proceeds from property dispositions, cash flow from operating activities and availability under the company's credit facility.
improvements to real estate under development the company is engaged in select real estate development projects, which are expected to be held as long-term investments. as of december 31, 2018, the company had in progress two active consolidated real estate development projects and one additional project held for future development. during 2018 and 2017, the company capitalized (i) interest of $13.9 million and $11.0 million, respectively, (ii) real estate taxes, insurance and legal costs of $2.6 million and $5.7 million, respectively, and (iii) payroll of $1.9 million and $3.3 million, respectively, in connection with its real estate development projects. the company anticipates the total remaining costs to complete its active projects to be approximately $150.0 million to $200.0 million. the company anticipates its capital commitment toward these development projects during 2019 will be approximately $100.0 million to $150.0 million. the funding of these capital requirements will be provided by proceeds from property dispositions, cash flow from operating activities and availability under the company's credit facility.
financing activities cash flows used for financing activities were $986.5 million for 2018, as compared to $223.9 million for 2017.
31
financing activities during 2018 primarily consisted of the following:
cash inflows:
●   $92.3 million in proceeds from the company's unsecured revolving credit facility, net;

●   $51.0 million in proceeds from construction loan financing at one of the company's development projects; and

●   $33.7 million in proceeds primarily from the exercise of the class m preferred stock over-allotment option.

cash outflows:
●   $529.8 million of dividends paid;

●   $315.1 million for the repayment of unsecured notes;

●   $217.9 million for principal payments on debt (related to the repayment of debt on six encumbered properties), including normal amortization on rental property debt;

●   $75.1 million for the repurchase of common stock;

●   $13.3 million for the payment of early extinguishment of debt charges; and

●   $6.7 million for redemption/distribution of noncontrolling interests, primarily related to the redemption of certain partnership units by consolidated subsidiaries.

financing activities during 2017 primarily consisted of:
cash inflows:
●   $1.25 billion in proceeds from issuance of the $500.0 million, the $400.0 million and the $350.0 million unsecured notes;

●   $440.9 million in proceeds from issuance of stock, net, including the issuances of class l preferred stock and class m preferred stock; and

●   $206.0 million in proceeds from mortgage loan financing.

cash outflows:
●   $702.3 million for principal payments on debt (related to the repayment of debt on 27 encumbered properties), including normal amortization on rental property debt;

●   $550.0 million for repayments under unsecured term loan/notes, including $300.0 million of unsecured notes and $250.0 million of unsecured term loan;

●   $506.2 million of dividends paid;

●   $225.0 million for the partial redemption of class i preferred stock;

●   $96.6 million for redemption/distribution of noncontrolling interests, primarily related to the redemption of certain partnership units by consolidated subsidiaries;

●   $23.3 million for financing origination costs, primarily related to costs associated with the issuance of unsecured notes; and

●   $17.1 million for repayments under the company's unsecured revolving credit facility, net.

the company continually evaluates its debt maturities, and, based on management's current assessment, believes it has viable financing and refinancing alternatives that will not materially adversely impact its expected financial results. the company continues to pursue borrowing opportunities with large commercial u.s. and global banks, select life insurance companies and certain regional and local banks. the company has noticed a continuing trend that, although pricing remains dependent on specific deal terms, generally spreads for non-recourse mortgage financing has stabilized and the unsecured debt markets are functioning well and credit spreads are at manageable levels.
debt maturities for 2019 consist of: $45.6 million of unconsolidated joint venture debt and $26.3 million of debt included in the company's preferred equity program, assuming the utilization of extension options where available.  these debt maturities are anticipated to be repaid through operating cash flows, debt refinancing, unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from sales and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate.
the company intends to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed charge coverage ratios as part of its commitment to maintain its investment-grade senior, unsecured debt ratings.  the company may, from time-to-time, seek to obtain funds through additional common and preferred equity offerings, unsecured debt financings and/or mortgage/construction loan financings and other capital alternatives.
since the completion of the company's ipo in 1991, the company has utilized the public debt and equity markets as its principal source of capital for its expansion needs. since the ipo, the company has completed additional offerings of its public unsecured debt and equity, raising in the aggregate over $13.8 billion.  proceeds from public capital market activities have been used for the purposes of, among other things, repaying indebtedness, acquiring interests in open-air shopping centers, funding real estate under development projects, expanding and improving properties in the portfolio and other investments.
32
during february 2018, the company filed a shelf registration statement on form s-3, which is effective for a term of three years, for the future unlimited offerings, from time-to-time, of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and common stock warrants. the company, pursuant to this shelf registration statement may, from time-to-time, offer for sale its senior unsecured debt for any general corporate purposes, including (i) funding specific liquidity requirements in its business, including property acquisitions, development and redevelopment costs and (ii) managing the company's debt maturities (see footnotes 12 and 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k).
preferred stock -
during january 2018, the underwriting financial institutions for the class m preferred stock issuance elected to exercise the over-allotment option and as a result, the company issued an additional 1,380,000 class m depositary shares, each representing a one-thousandth fractional interest in a share of the company's 5.250% class m cumulative redeemable preferred stock, $1.00 par value per share. the company received net proceeds before expenses of $33.4 million from this over-allotment issuance.
share repurchase program -
during february 2018, the company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, which is effective for a term of two years, pursuant to which the company may repurchase shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross purchase price of up to $300.0 million. during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company repurchased 5,100,000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $75.1 million (weighted average price of $14.72 per share). as of december 31, 2018, the company had $224.9 million available under this share repurchase program.
senior notes -
the company's supplemental indenture governing its senior notes contains the following covenants, all of which the company is compliant with:
covenant                                       must be    as of 12/31/18

consolidated indebtedness to total assets                                         &lt;65%                37%
consolidated secured indebtedness to total assets                                 &lt;40%                 4%
consolidated income available for debt service to maximum annual service charge   &gt;1.50x             6.0x unencumbered total asset value to consolidated unsecured indebtedness             &gt;1.50x             2.6x for a full description of the various indenture covenants refer to the indenture dated september 1, 1993; the first supplemental indenture dated august 4, 1994; the second supplemental indenture dated april 7, 1995; the third supplemental indenture dated june 2, 2006; the fourth supplemental indenture dated april 26, 2007; the fifth supplemental indenture dated as of september 24, 2009; the sixth supplemental indenture dated as of may 23, 2013; and the seventh supplemental indenture dated as of april 24, 2014, each as filed with the sec. see the exhibits index for specific filing information.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company repaid the following notes (dollars in millions):
type                   date paid         amount repaid    interest rate   maturity date

senior unsecured notes (1)   aug-18                         $300.0          6.875%   oct-19
senior unsecured notes (2)   jun-18 &amp; jul-18             $15.1          3.200%   may-21
(1)   the company recorded an early extinguishment of debt charge of $12.8 million resulting from the early repayment of these notes.

(2)   represents partial repayments. as of december 31, 2018, these notes had an outstanding balance of $484.9 million.

credit facility -
the company has a $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with a group of banks, which is scheduled to expire in march 2021, with two additional six-month options to extend the maturity date, at the company's discretion, to march 2022. this credit facility, which accrues interest at a rate of libor plus 87.5 basis points (3.31% as of december 31, 2018), can be increased to $2.75 billion through an accordion feature. in addition, the credit facility includes a $500.0 million sub-limit which provides the company the opportunity to borrow in alternative currencies including canadian dollars ("cad"), british pounds sterling, japanese yen or euros. pursuant to the terms of the credit facility, the company, among other things, is subject to covenants requiring the maintenance of (i) maximum leverage ratios on both unsecured and secured debt and (ii) minimum interest and fixed coverage ratios. as of december 31, 2018, the credit facility had a balance of $100.0 million outstanding and $0.3 million appropriated for letters of credit.
pursuant to the terms of the credit facility, the company, among other things, is subject to maintenance of various covenants. the company is currently in compliance with these covenants. the financial covenants for the credit facility are as follows:
covenant                                     must be    as of 12/31/18

total indebtedness to gross asset value ("gav")                               &lt;60%                38%
total priority indebtedness to gav                                            &lt;35%                 3%
unencumbered asset net operating income to total unsecured interest expense   &gt;1.75x             4.2x fixed charge total adjusted ebitda to total debt service                      &gt;1.50x             3.0x
33
for a full description of the new credit facility's covenants refer to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of february 1, 2017, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the company's current report on form 8-k dated january 30, 2017.
mortgages and construction loan payable -
during 2018, the company (i) deconsolidated $206.0 million of individual non-recourse mortgage debt relating to an operating property for which the company no longer holds a controlling interest and (ii) repaid $205.6 million of maturing mortgage debt (including fair market value adjustments of $0.9 million) that encumbered six operating properties.
in august 2018, the company closed on a construction loan commitment of $67.0 million relating to one development property. this loan commitment is scheduled to mature in august 2020, with six additional six-month options to extend the maturity date to august 2023 and bears interest at a rate of libor plus 180 basis points (4.23% as of december 31, 2018). as of december 31, 2018, the construction loan had a balance of $51.0 million outstanding.
during 2018, the company disposed of an encumbered property through foreclosure. the transaction resulted in a net decrease in mortgage debt of $12.4 million. in addition, the company recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt of $4.3 million and relief of accrued interest expense of $3.4 million, both of which are included in other income, net in the company's consolidated statements of income.
in addition to the public equity and debt markets as capital sources, the company may, from time-to-time, obtain mortgage financing on selected properties and construction loans to partially fund the capital needs of its real estate under development projects. as of december 31, 2018, the company had over 325 unencumbered property interests in its portfolio.
dividends -
in connection with its intention to continue to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, the company expects to continue paying regular dividends to its stockholders. these dividends will be paid from operating cash flows. the company's board of directors will continue to evaluate the company's dividend policy on a quarterly basis as the board of directors monitors sources of capital and evaluates the impact of the economy and capital markets availability on operating fundamentals. since cash used to pay dividends reduces amounts available for capital investment, the company generally intends to maintain a conservative dividend payout ratio, reserving such amounts as it considers necessary for the expansion and renovation of shopping centers in its portfolio, debt reduction, the acquisition of interests in new properties and other investments as suitable opportunities arise and such other factors as the board of directors considers appropriate. cash dividends paid were $529.8 million, $506.2 million and $474.0 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
although the company receives substantially all of its rental payments on a monthly basis, it generally intends to continue paying dividends quarterly. amounts accumulated in advance of each quarterly distribution will be invested by the company in short-term money market or other suitable instruments. on october 23, 2018, the company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.28 per common share payable to shareholders of record on january 2, 2019, which was paid on january 15, 2019. additionally, on january 29, 2019, the company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.28 per common share payable to shareholders of record on april 2, 2019, which is scheduled to be paid on april 15, 2019.
the company's board of directors also declared quarterly dividends with respect to the company's various classes of cumulative redeemable preferred shares (classes i, j, k, l and m). all dividends on the preferred shares are scheduled to be paid on april 15, 2019, to shareholders of record on april 1, 2019.
hurricane impacts -
the company incurred no significant damage to its properties in september 2018 as a result of hurricanes florence, which primarily hit north and south carolina, and michael, which hit the florida panhandle.
on september 20, 2017, hurricane maria struck puerto rico as a category 4 hurricane which resulted in widespread damage, flooding, and power outages. the company has interests in seven operating properties located throughout puerto rico, aggregating 2.2 million square feet of gla, which were variously impacted by the hurricane. the company maintains a comprehensive property insurance policy on these properties with total coverage of up to $62.0 million, as well as business interruption insurance with coverage up to $39.3 million in the aggregate, subject to a collective deductible of $1.2 million.
the company expects to collect property insurance proceeds (net of deductible) equal to the replacement cost of its damaged property, currently estimated to be approximately $30.3 million. as of december 31, 2018, the company has collected property insurance proceeds totaling $20.2 million to date, which exceeds the $16.0 million previously written off due to property damage by $4.2 million. as a result, the company recognized this excess as income included in other income, net on the company's consolidated statements of income for the year ended december 31, 2018.
34
the company's business interruption insurance covers lost revenues as a result of the hurricane for a period of up to one year. after the expiration of one year following the loss, the policy has 365 days of an extended period of indemnity which provides business interruption coverage in the event the properties have not fully recovered from the storm.  during 2018 and 2017, the company collected business interruption claims totaling $2.8 million and $1.6 million, respectively, from its insurance provider. although the company has primarily recovered its business interruption insurance claims, it will continue to assess and process any future business interruption claims for the extended period of indemnity and will submit insurance claims for its losses, if any, under its business interruption insurance policy.
income taxes -
the company is subject to taxes on its activities in canada, puerto rico and mexico.  in general, under local country law applicable to the structures the company has in place and applicable treaties, the repatriation of cash to the company from its subsidiaries and joint ventures in canada, puerto rico and mexico generally are not subject to withholding tax. the company is subject to and also includes in its tax provision non-u.s. income taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the u.s. these investments are held by the company at the reit level and not in the company's taxable reit subsidiary. accordingly, the company does not expect a u.s. income tax impact associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from the company's foreign subsidiaries.
contractual obligations and other commitments the company has debt obligations relating to its credit facility, unsecured senior notes and mortgages with maturities ranging from one year to 29 years. as of december 31, 2018, the company's total debt had a weighted average term to maturity of 10.5 years. in addition, the company has non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to its shopping center portfolio. as of december 31, 2018, the company had 31 consolidated shopping center properties that are subject to long-term ground leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land to the company to construct and/or operate a shopping center. the following table summarizes the company's debt maturities (excluding extension options, unamortized debt issuance costs of $55.9 million and fair market value of debt adjustments aggregating $13.1 million) and obligations under non-cancelable operating leases as of december 31, 2018:
payments due by period (in millions)

2019                2020                2021                2022                2023                       thereafter         total long-term debt:
principal (1)               $12.7              $160.3              $729.8              $640.1              $365.5                $3,008.3      $4,916.7
interest (2)               $177.9              $175.0              $155.0              $136.6              $113.1                $1,260.3      $2,017.9
operating leases:
ground leases (3)            $7.9                $7.5                $7.5                $7.4                $7.5                  $115.4        $153.2
office leases                $4.3                $2.4                $2.3                $1.8                $1.5                    $0.3         $12.6
(1)   maturities utilized do not reflect extension options, which range from six months to one year.

(2)   for loans which have interest at floating rates, future interest expense was calculated using the rate as of december 31, 2018.

(3)   for leases which have inflationary increases, future ground rent expense was calculated using the rent based upon initial lease payment.

the company has no secured debt scheduled to mature in 2019. the company anticipates satisfying the remaining future maturities with a combination of operating cash flows, its credit facility, exercise of extension options, where available, and new debt issuances.
the company has issued letters of credit in connection with completion and repayment guarantees for loans encumbering certain of the company's development and redevelopment projects and guarantee of payment related to the company's insurance program. as of december 31, 2018, these letters of credit aggregated $41.8 million.
in connection with the construction of its development/redevelopment projects and related infrastructure, certain public agencies require posting of performance and surety bonds to guarantee that the company's obligations are satisfied. these bonds expire upon the completion of the improvements and infrastructure. as of december 31, 2018, the company had $20.6 million in performance and surety bonds outstanding.
the company has accrued $2.8 million of non-current uncertain tax positions and related interest under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for income taxes, which are included in other liabilities on the company's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2018. these amounts are not included in the table above because a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of settlements with the relevant tax authorities, if any, cannot be made.
35
off-balance sheet arrangements unconsolidated real estate joint ventures the company has investments in various unconsolidated real estate joint ventures with varying structures. these joint ventures primarily operate shopping center properties. such arrangements are generally with third-party institutional investors and individuals. the properties owned by the joint ventures are primarily financed with individual non-recourse mortgage loans, however, the company, on a selective basis, has obtained unsecured financing for certain joint ventures. as of december 31, 2018, the company did not guarantee any joint venture unsecured debt. non-recourse mortgage debt is generally defined as debt whereby the lenders' sole recourse with respect to borrower defaults is limited to the value of the property collateralized by the mortgage. the lender generally does not have recourse against any other assets owned by the borrower or any of the constituent members of the borrower, except for certain specified exceptions listed in the particular loan documents (see footnote 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k). the table below presents debt balances within the company's unconsolidated joint venture investments for which the company held noncontrolling ownership interests at december 31, 2018 (dollars in millions):
joint venture                   kimco         number of        mortgages        number of         weighted               weighted ownership       properties       and notes        encumbered        average                average interest                       payable, net      properties     interest rate            remaining
(in millions)                                            term (months)*

prudential investment program (1)               15.0%              42            $572.6              13              4.29   %                49.0
kimco income opportunity portfolio (2)          48.6%              39             651.4              27              4.43   %                40.4
canada pension plan investment board            55.0%               4              84.4               1              3.85   %                54.0
other joint venture programs             various                   24             474.2              14              4.26   %                78.6
total                                                                          $1,782.6
* average remaining term includes extensions
(1)   includes an unsecured term loan of $200.0 million (excluding deferred financing costs of $0.3 million), which is scheduled to mature in august 2019, with two one-year extension options at the joint venture's discretion, and bears interest at a rate equal to libor plus 1.75% (4.18% at december 31, 2018).

(2)   includes an unsecured revolving credit facility with an outstanding balance at december 31, 2018 of $73.3 million (excluding deferred financing costs of $0.3 million), which is scheduled to mature in september 2020, with two one-year extension options at the joint venture's discretion, and bears interest at a rate equal to libor plus 1.75% (4.18% at december 31, 2018).

as of december 31, 2018, these loans had scheduled maturities ranging from one month to 13 years and bore interest at rates ranging from 2.91% to 7.25%. approximately $45.6 million of the aggregate outstanding loan balance matures in 2019. these maturing loans are anticipated to be repaid with operating cash flows, debt refinancing, unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from sales and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate (see footnote 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k).
other real estate investments the company previously provided capital to owners and developers of real estate properties through its preferred equity program. as of december 31, 2018, the company's net investment under the preferred equity program was $176.3 million relating to 285 properties, including 273 net leased properties. as of december 31, 2018, these preferred equity investment properties had individual non-recourse mortgage loans aggregating $298.9 million (excluding fair market value of debt adjustments aggregating $15.1 million). these loans have scheduled maturities ranging from six months to six years and bear interest at rates ranging from 4.19% to 10.47%. due to the company's preferred position in these investments, the company's share of each investment is subject to fluctuation and is dependent upon property cash flows. the company's maximum exposure to losses associated with its preferred equity investments is limited to its invested capital.
funds from operations funds from operations ("ffo") is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure utilized to evaluate the operating performance of real estate companies. the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") defines ffo as net income/(loss) available to the company's common shareholders computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of operating real estate assets and change in control of interests, plus (ii) depreciation and amortization of operating properties and (iii) impairment of depreciable real estate and in substance real estate equity investments and (iv) after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis.
the company presents ffo available to the company's common shareholders as it considers it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believes it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of reits, many of which present ffo available to the company's common shareholders when reporting results. comparison of our presentation of ffo available to the company's common shareholders to similarly titled measures for other reits may not necessarily be meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the nareit definition used by such reits.
the company also presents ffo available to the company's common shareholders as adjusted as an additional supplemental measure as it believes it is more reflective of its core operating performance and provides investors and analysts an additional measure to compare the company's performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. ffo available to the company's common shareholders as adjusted is generally calculated by the company as ffo available to the company's common shareholders excluding certain transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments which management believes are not reflective of the results within the company's operating real estate portfolio.
36
ffo is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure of real estate companies' operating performances, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with gaap and therefore should not be considered an alternative for net income or cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity.  our method of calculating ffo available to the company's common shareholders and ffo available to the company's common shareholders as adjusted may be different from methods used by other reits and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other reits.
the company's reconciliation of net income available to the company's common shareholders to ffo available to the company's common shareholders and ffo available to the company's common shareholders as adjusted for the three months and years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows (in thousands, except per share data):
three months ended                                          year ended december 31,                                            december 31,

2018                       2017                         2018                        2017
net income available to the company's common shareholders                                      $73,627                      $73,465                    $439,604                    $372,461
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests                            (49,379     )                (31,436     )              (229,763     )               (92,830     )
gain on sale of joint venture operating properties/change in control of interests              (12,446     )                 (6,849     )               (18,549     )               (79,034     )
depreciation and amortization - real estate related                                             74,086                       83,959                     305,079                     356,191
depreciation and amortization - real estate joint ventures                                      10,717                        9,835                      43,483                      39,248
impairment of depreciable real estate properties                                                50,050                       32,854                      83,754                      65,148
benefit for income taxes (2)                                                                         -                            -                           -                         (39     )
noncontrolling interests (2)                                                                      (421     )                 (1,688     )                (2,891     )                (5,583     )
ffo available to the company's common shareholders                                             146,234                      160,140                     620,717                     655,562
transactional (income)/expense:
profit participation from other real estate investments                                           (129     )                   (379     )               (10,903     )               (34,952     )
losses/(gains) from land sales                                                                      10                       (2,362     )                (6,295     )                (3,422     )
distribution in excess of basis                                                                      -                            -                      (3,550     )                     -
demolition costs                                                                                   495                        3,589                       1,487                       4,686
gain on forgiveness of debt                                                                          -                         (380     )                (4,274     )                  (380     )
prepayment penalties                                                                                 -                            -                      12,762                       1,753
severance costs                                                                                      -                        5,190                       1,185                       5,190
gain on liquidation of a foreign entity                                                              -                            -                           -                     (14,822     )
insurance proceeds in excess of related loss                                                    (2,722     )                      -                      (4,279     )                     -
loss on of marketable securities                                                                 1,444                            -                       3,487                           -
impairments on other investments                                                                 2,051                          423                       2,318                      11,766
preferred stock redemption charges                                                                   -                            -                           -                       7,014
noncontrolling interests (3)                                                                         -                            -                         136                      11,338
other income, net                                                                                   32                          170                         252                         502
total transactional expense/(income), net                                                        1,181                        6,251                      (7,674     )               (11,327     )
ffo available to the company's common shareholders as adjusted                                $147,415                     $166,391                    $613,043                    $644,235
weighted average shares outstanding for ffo calculations:
basic                                                                                          419,258                      423,734                     420,641                     423,614
units                                                                                              837                          961                         835                         852
dilutive effect of equity awards                                                                   628                          354                         629                         405
diluted                                                                                        420,723   (1)                425,049   (1)               422,105   (1)               424,871   (1)
ffo per common share - basic                                                                     $0.35                        $0.38                       $1.48                       $1.55
ffo per common share - diluted                                                                   $0.35   (1)                  $0.38   (1)                 $1.47   (1)                 $1.55   (1)
ffo as adjusted per common share - basic                                                         $0.35                        $0.39                       $1.46                       $1.52
ffo as adjusted per common share - diluted                                                       $0.35   (1)                  $0.39   (1)                 $1.45   (1)                 $1.52   (1)
(1)   reflects the potential impact if certain units were converted to common stock at the beginning of the period, which would have a dilutive effect on ffo. ffo would be increased by $228 and $274 for the three months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $916 and $923 for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the effect of other certain convertible units would have an anti-dilutive effect upon the calculation of income from continuing operations per share. accordingly, the impact of such conversion has not been included in the determination of diluted earnings per share calculations.

(2)   related to gains, impairment and deprecation on depreciable real estate properties, where applicable.

(3)   related to transaction (income)/expense, where applicable.

37
same property net operating income ("same property noi")
same property noi is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure of real estate companies' operating performance and should not be considered an alternative to net income in accordance with gaap or as a measure of liquidity. the company considers same property noi as an important operating performance measure because it is frequently used by securities analysts and investors to measure only the net operating income of properties that have been owned by the company for the entire current and prior year reporting periods. it excludes properties under redevelopment, development and pending stabilization; properties are deemed stabilized at the earlier of (i) reaching 90% leased or (ii) one year following a project's inclusion in operating real estate. same property noi assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the development, acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular period presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the company's properties.
same property noi is calculated using revenues from rental properties (excluding straight-line rent adjustments, lease termination fees and amortization of above/below market rents) less charges for bad debt, operating and maintenance expense, real estate taxes and rent expense plus the company's proportionate share of same property noi from unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, calculated on the same basis. the company's method of calculating same property noi available to the company's common shareholders may differ from methods used by other reits and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other reits.
the following is a reconciliation of net income available to the company's common shareholders to same property noi (in thousands):
three months ended                                        year ended december 31,                                          december 31,

2018                       2017                       2018                       2017
net income available to the company's common shareholders                        $73,627                      $73,465                  $439,604                    $372,461
adjustments:
management and other fee income                                                   (2,397     )                 (4,593   )               (15,159    )                (17,049   )
general and administrative                                                        20,022                       27,972                    87,797                      91,690
impairment charges                                                                45,352                       33,051                    79,207                      67,331
depreciation and amortization                                                     74,266                       85,024                   310,380                     360,811
gain on sale of operating properties/change in control of interests              (49,379     )                (31,436   )              (229,840    )                (93,538   )
interest and other expense, net                                                   44,515                       53,380                   183,060                     191,150
provision/(benefit) for income taxes, net                                          2,583                        1,344                     1,600                        (880   )
gain on change in control of joint venture interests                                   -                            -                         -                     (71,160   )
equity in income of other real estate investments, net                            (4,462     )                 (5,049   )               (29,100    )                (67,001   )
net (loss)/income attributable to noncontrolling interests                          (214     )                   (330   )                   668                      13,596
preferred stock redemption charges                                                     -                            -                         -                       7,014
preferred dividends                                                               14,534                       11,431                    58,191                      46,600
non same property net operating income                                           (20,269     )                (47,533   )              (118,690    )               (169,513   )
non-operational expense from joint ventures, net                                  13,219                        9,359                    60,417                      72,970
same property noi                                                               $211,397                     $206,085                  $828,135                    $804,482
same property noi increased by $5.3 million or 2.6% for the three months ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. this increase is primarily the result of (i) an increase of $5.6 million related to lease-up and rent commencements in the portfolio, partially offset by (ii) an increase of $0.2 million of credit losses and (iii) a decrease in other property income of $0.1 million.
same property noi increased by $23.7 million or 2.9% for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the corresponding period in 2017. this increase is primarily the result of (i) an increase of $24.6 million related to lease-up and rent commencements in the portfolio, partially offset by (ii) a decrease in other property income of $0.5 million and (iii) an increase of $0.4 million of credit losses.
effects of inflation many of the company's long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. such provisions include clauses enabling the company to receive payment of additional rent calculated as a percentage of tenants' gross sales above pre-determined thresholds, which generally increase as prices rise, and/or escalation clauses, which generally increase rental rates during the terms of the leases. such escalation clauses often include increases based upon changes in the consumer price index or similar inflation indices. in addition, many of the company's leases are for terms of less than 10 years, which permits the company to seek to increase rents to market rates upon renewal. most of the company's leases include escalation clauses or require the tenant to pay an allocable share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes and insurance, thereby reducing the company's exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation.
38
new accounting pronouncements see footnote 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k.
