item 1a. risk factors legal and regulatory payments industry regulation global regulatory and legislative activity directly related to the payments industry may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
regulators increasingly seek to regulate certain aspects of payments systems such as ours, or establish or expand their authority to do so. many jurisdictions have enacted such regulations. these regulations have established, and could further expand, obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products and services that we may offer to financial institutions for consumers, the countries in which our integrated products and services may be used, the way we structure and operate our business and the types of consumers and merchants who can obtain or accept our products or services. new regulations and oversight could also relate to our clearing and settlement activities (including risk management policies and procedures, collateral requirements, participant default policies and procedures, the ability to complete timely switching of financial transactions, and capital and financial resource requirements). in addition, several central banks or similar regulatory bodies around the world have increased, or are seeking to increase, their formal oversight of the electronic payments industry and, in some cases, are considering designating certain payments networks as "systemically important payment systems" or "critical infrastructure."
19
these obligations, designations and restrictions may further expand and could conflict with each other as more jurisdictions impose oversight of payment systems.
some enacted regulations require financial institutions to provide third party payment processors access to consumer payment accounts. this may enable these third party payment processors to route transactions away from mastercard products by offering account information or payment initiation services directly to people who currently use our products. this may also allow these processors to commoditize the data that are included in the transactions. new authentication standards have been enacted requiring additional verification information from consumers to complete transactions. this may increase the number of transactions that consumers abandon if we are unable to ensure a frictionless authentication experience. an increase in the rate of abandoned transactions could adversely impact our volumes or other operational metrics.
increased regulation and oversight of payment systems may result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our costs. such laws or compliance burdens could result in issuers and acquirers being less willing to participate in our payments system, reduce the benefits offered in connection with the use of our products (making our products less desirable to consumers), reduce the volume of domestic and cross-border transactions or other operational metrics, disintermediate us, impact our profitability and limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products and services, all of which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. regulators could also require us to obtain prior approval for changes to its system rules, procedures or operations, or could require customization with regard to such changes, which could impact market participant risk and therefore risk to us. such regulatory changes could lead to new or different criteria for participation in and access to our payments system by financial institutions or other customers. moreover, failure to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions, civil damages or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our brand and reputation.
increased regulatory, legislative and litigation activity with respect to interchange rates could have an adverse impact on our business.
interchange rates are a significant component of the costs that merchants pay in connection with the acceptance of our products. although we do not earn revenues from interchange, interchange rates can impact the volume of transactions we see on our payment products. if interchange rates are too high, merchants may stop accepting our products or route debit transactions away from our network. if interchange rates are too low, issuers may stop promoting our integrated products and services, eliminate or reduce loyalty rewards programs or other account holder benefits (e.g., free checking or low interest rates on balances), or charge fees to account holders (e.g., annual fees or late payment fees).
governments and merchant groups in a number of countries have implemented or are seeking interchange rate reductions through legislation, competition law, central bank regulation and litigation. see "government regulation" and note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for more details.
if issuers cannot collect or we are forced to reduce interchange rates, issuers may be less willing to participate in our four-party payments system, or may reduce the benefits offered in connection with the use of our products, reducing the attractiveness of our products to consumers. in particular, potential changes to interregional interchange fees as a result of the proposed resolution of the european commission's investigation could impact our cross-border transaction activity disproportionately versus competitors that are not subject to similar reductions. these and other impacts could lower transaction volumes, and/or make proprietary three-party networks or other forms of payment more attractive. issuers could reduce the benefits associated with our products or choose to charge higher fees to consumers to attempt to recoup a portion of the costs incurred for their services. in addition, issuers could seek to decrease the expense of their payment programs by seeking a reduction in the fees that we charge to them, particularly if regulation has a disproportionate impact on us as compared to our competitors in terms of the fees we can charge. this could make our products less desirable to consumers, reduce the volume of transactions and our profitability, and limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products.
we are devoting substantial resources to defending our right to establish interchange rates in regulatory proceedings, litigation and legislative activity. the potential outcome of any of these activities could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors. if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our ability to establish interchange rates, any resulting legislation, regulation and/or litigation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. in addition, regulatory proceedings and litigation could result (and in some cases has resulted) in us being fined and/or having to pay civil damages, the amount of which could be material.
20
current regulatory activity could be extended to additional jurisdictions or products, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
regulators around the world increasingly replicate other regulators' approaches with regard to the regulation of payments and other industries. consequently, regulation in any one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in other countries, states or regions. similarly, new laws and regulations within a country, state or region involving one product may lead to regulation of similar or related products. for example, regulations affecting debit transactions could lead to regulation of other products (such as credit).
as a result, the risks to our business created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in other jurisdictions or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction. these include matters like interchange rates, potential direct regulation of our network fees and pricing, network standards and network exclusivity and routing agreements. conversely, if widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may have difficulty adjusting our products, services, fees and other important aspects of our business to meet the varying requirements. either of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
limitations on our ability to restrict merchant surcharging could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
we have historically implemented policies, referred to as no-surcharge rules, in certain jurisdictions, including the united states, that prohibit merchants from charging higher prices to consumers who pay using our products instead of other means. authorities in several jurisdictions have acted to end or limit the application of these no-surcharge rules (or indicated interest in doing so). additionally, we have modified our no-surcharge rules to permit u.s. merchants to surcharge credit cards, subject to certain limitations. it is possible that over time merchants in some or all merchant categories in these jurisdictions may choose to surcharge as permitted by the rule change. this could result in consumers viewing our products less favorably and/or using alternative means of payment instead of electronic products, which could result in a decrease in our overall transaction volumes, and which in turn could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
preferential or protective government actions preferential and protective government actions related to domestic payment services could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues.
governments in some countries have acted, or in the future may act, to provide resources, preferential treatment or other protection to selected national payment and switching providers, or have created, or may in the future create, their own national provider. this action may displace us from, prevent us from entering into, or substantially restrict us from participating in, particular geographies, and may prevent us from competing effectively against those providers. for example:
•   governments in some countries are considering, or may consider, regulatory requirements that mandate switching of domestic payments either entirely in that country or by only domestic companies.
•   some jurisdictions are considering requirements to collect, process and/or store data within their borders, as well as prohibitions on the transfer of data abroad, leading to technological and operational implications.
•   geopolitical events and resulting ofac sanctions, adverse trade policies or other types of government actions could lead jurisdictions affected by those sanctions to take actions in response that could adversely affect our business.
•   regional groups of countries are considering, or may consider, efforts to restrict our participation in the switching of regional transactions.
such developments prevent us from utilizing our global switching capabilities for domestic or regional customers. our efforts to effect change in, or work with, these countries may not succeed. this could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and extend our global brand.
privacy, data protection and security regulation of privacy, data protection, security and the digital economy could increase our costs, as well as negatively impact our growth.
we are subject to increasingly complex regulations related to privacy, data protection and information security in the jurisdictions in which we do business. these regulations could result in negative impacts to our business. as we continue to develop integrated
21
products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, as well as acquire new companies, we may expand our information profile through the collection of additional data from additional sources and across multiple channels. this expansion could amplify the impact of these regulations on our business. regulation of privacy and data protection and information security often times require monitoring of and changes to our data practices in regard to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer and/or security of personal and sensitive information. we are also subject to enhanced compliance and operational requirements in the european union, and policymakers around the globe are using these requirements as a reference to adopt new or updated privacy laws that could result in similar or stricter requirements in other jurisdictions. some jurisdictions are also considering requirements to collect, process and/or store data within their borders, as well as prohibitions on the transfer of data abroad, leading to technological and operational implications. other jurisdictions are considering adopting sector-specific regulations for the payments industry, including forced data sharing requirements or additional verification requirements that overlap or conflict with, or diverge from, general privacy rules. failure to comply with these laws, regulations and requirements could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and overall business, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
new requirements or reinterpretations of existing requirements in these areas, or the development of new regulatory schemes related to the digital economy in general, may also increase our costs and could impact the products and services we offer and other aspects of our business, such as fraud monitoring, the development of information-based products and solutions and technology operations. in addition, these requirements may increase the costs to our customers of issuing payment products, which may, in turn, decrease the number of our payment products that they issue. moreover, due to account data compromise events and privacy abuses by other companies, as well as the disclosure of monitoring activities by certain governmental agencies in combination with the use of artificial intelligence and new technologies, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny around the world that could lead to further regulation and requirements and/or future enforcement. those developments have also raised public attention on companies' data practices and have changed consumer and societal expectations for enhanced privacy and data protection. any of these developments could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in addition, fraudulent activity could encourage regulatory intervention, which could damage our reputation and reduce the use and acceptance of our integrated products and services or increase our compliance costs. criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture consumer account information to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting or other fraud. as outsourcing and specialization become common in the payments industry, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our payment products. while we are taking measures to make card and digital payments more secure, increased fraud levels involving our integrated products and services, or misconduct or negligence by third parties switching or otherwise servicing our integrated products and services, could lead to regulatory intervention, such as enhanced security requirements, as well as damage to our reputation.
other regulation regulations that directly or indirectly apply to mastercard as a result of our participation in the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
we are subject to regulations that affect the payments industry in the many jurisdictions in which our integrated products and services are used. many of our customers are also subject to regulations applicable to banks and other financial institutions that, at times, consequently affect us. regulation of the payments industry, including regulations applicable to us and our customers, has increased significantly in the last several years. see "business - government regulation" in part i, item 1 for a detailed description of such regulation and related legislation. examples include:
•   anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, economic sanctions and anti-corruption - we are subject to aml and ctf laws and regulations globally, including the u.s. bank secrecy act and the usa patriot act, as well as the various economic sanctions programs, including those imposed and administered by ofac. the economic sanctions programs administered by ofac restrict financial transactions and other dealings with certain countries and geographies (specifically crimea, cuba, iran, north korea and syria) and with persons and entities included in ofac sanctions lists including the sdn list. iran, sudan and syria have been identified by the u.s. state department as terrorist-sponsoring states. we are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations globally, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, which, among other things, generally prohibit giving or offering payments or anything of value for the purpose of improperly influencing a business decision or to gain an unfair business advantage. a violation and subsequent judgment or settlement against us, or those with whom we may be associated, under these laws could subject us to substantial monetary penalties, damages, and/or have a significant reputational impact.
22
•   account-based payment systems - in the u.k., the treasury has expanded the bank of england's oversight of certain payment system providers that are systemically important to u.k.'s payment network. as a result of these changes, aspects of our vocalink business are now subject to the u.k. payment system oversight regime and are directly overseen by the bank of england.
•   issuer practice legislation and regulation - our financial institution customers are subject to numerous regulations, which impact us as a consequence. in addition, certain regulations (such as psd2 in the eea) may disintermediate issuers. if our customers are disintermediated in their business, we could face diminished demand for our integrated products and services. in addition, existing or new regulations in these or other areas may diminish the attractiveness of our products to our customers.
•   regulation of internet and digital transactions - proposed legislation in various jurisdictions relating to internet gambling and other digital areas such as cyber-security and copyright and trademark infringement could impose additional compliance burdens on us and/or our customers, including requiring us or our customers to monitor, filter, restrict, or otherwise oversee various categories of payment transactions.
increased regulatory focus on us, such as in connection with the matters discussed above, may result in costly compliance burdens and/or may otherwise increase our costs. similarly, increased regulatory focus on our customers may cause such customers to reduce the volume of transactions processed through our systems, or may otherwise impact the competitiveness of our products. actions by regulators could influence other organizations around the world to enact or consider adopting similar measures, amplifying any potential compliance burden. finally, failure to comply with the laws and regulations discussed above to which we are subject could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties. each may individually or collectively materially and adversely affect our financial performance and/or our overall business and results of operations, as well as have an impact on our reputation.
we could be subject to adverse changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations of the u.s. federal, state and local governments as well as various non-u.s. jurisdictions. potential changes in existing tax laws, including future regulatory guidance, may impact our effective tax rate and tax payments. there can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the u.s. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to substantial penalties and liabilities. any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretations; any adverse outcome in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction; or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations.
litigation liabilities we may incur or limitations on our business related to any litigation or litigation settlements could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we are a defendant on a number of civil litigations and regulatory proceedings and investigations, including among others, those alleging violations of competition and antitrust law and those involving intellectual property claims. see note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for more details regarding the allegations contained in these complaints and the status of these proceedings. in the event we are found liable in any material litigations or proceedings, particularly in the event we may be found liable in a large class-action lawsuit or on the basis of an antitrust claim entitling the plaintiff to treble damages or under which we were jointly and severally liable, we could be subject to significant damages, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
certain limitations have been placed on our business in recent years because of litigation and litigation settlements, such as changes to our no-surcharge rule in the united states. any future limitations on our business resulting from litigation or litigation settlements could impact our relationships with our customers, including reducing the volume of business that we do with them, which may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
23
business and operations competition and technology substantial and intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
the global payments industry is highly competitive. our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash and checks; electronic, mobile and e-commerce payment platforms; cryptocurrencies; ach payment services; and other payments networks, which can have several competitive impacts on our business:
•   some of our traditional competitors, as well as alternative payment service providers, may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising and marketing strategies to achieve broader brand recognition or merchant acceptance than we have.
•   our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity and legislative activity.
certain of our competitors operate three-party payments systems with direct connections to both merchants and consumers and these competitors may derive competitive advantages from their business models. if we continue to attract more regulatory scrutiny than these competitors because we operate a four-party system, or we are regulated because of the system we operate in a way in which our competitors are not, we could lose business to these competitors. see "business-competition" in part i, item 1.
if we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats. our competitors may also more effectively introduce their own innovative programs and services that adversely impact our growth. we also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payments systems, e-commerce payments systems and payments systems for mobile devices, as well as physical store locations. a number of these new entrants rely principally on the internet to support their services and may enjoy lower costs than we do, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
disintermediation from stakeholders both within and outside of the payments value chain could harm our business.
as the payments industry continues to develop and change, we face disintermediation and related risks, including:
•   parties that process our transactions in certain countries may try to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. for example, merchants could switch (and in some cases are switching) transactions directly with issuers. additionally, processors could process transactions directly between issuers and acquirers. large scale consolidation within processors could result in these processors developing bilateral agreements or in some cases switching the entire transaction on their own network, thereby disintermediating us.
•   regulation in the eea may disintermediate us by enabling third-party providers opportunities to route payment transactions away from our networks and towards other forms of payment.
•   although we partner with technology companies (such as digital players and mobile providers) that leverage our technology, platforms and networks to deliver their products, they could develop platforms or networks that disintermediate us from digital payments and impact our ability to compete in the digital economy. this risk is heightened when we have relationships with these entities where we share mastercard data. while we share this data in a controlled manner subject to applicable anonymization and privacy and data protection standards, without proper oversight we could inadvertently share too much data which could give the partner a competitive advantage.
•   competitors, customers, technology companies, governments and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace value-added products and services we currently provide to support our switched transaction and payment offerings. these products could replace our own switching and payments offerings or could force us to change our pricing or practices for these offerings. in addition, governments that develop national payment platforms may promote their platforms in such a way that could put us at a competitive disadvantage in those markets.
24
•   participants in the payments industry may merge, create joint ventures or form other business combinations that may strengthen their existing business services or create new payment products and services that compete with our services.
our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
continued intense pricing pressure may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in order to increase transaction volumes, enter new markets and expand our mastercard-branded cards and enabled products and services, we seek to enter into business agreements with customers through which we offer incentives, pricing discounts and other support that promote our products. in order to stay competitive, we may have to increase the amount of these incentives and pricing discounts. over the past several years, we have experienced continued pricing pressure. the demand from our customers for better pricing arrangements and greater rebates and incentives moderates our growth. we may not be able to continue our expansion strategy to switch additional transaction volumes or to provide additional services to our customers at levels sufficient to compensate for such lower fees or increased costs in the future, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. in addition, increased pressure on prices increases the importance of cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those relating to customer incentives.
in the future, we may not be able to enter into agreements with our customers if they require terms that we are unable or unwilling to offer, and we may be required to modify existing agreements in order to maintain relationships and to compete with others in the industry. some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than we do and accordingly may be able to charge lower prices to our customers. in addition, to the extent that we offer discounts or incentives under such agreements, we will need to further increase transaction volumes or the amount of services provided thereunder in order to benefit incrementally from such agreements and to increase revenue and profit, and we may not be successful in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment. our customers also may implement cost reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment product marketing or increase requests for greater incentives or greater cost stability. these factors could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
rapid and significant technological developments and changes could negatively impact our overall business and results of operations or limit our future growth.
the payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways:
•   technological changes, including continuing developments of technologies in the areas of smart cards and devices, contactless and mobile payments, e-commerce, cryptocurrency and block chain technology, machine learning and ai, could result in new technologies that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our programs and services. moreover, these changes could result in new and innovative payment methods and products that could place us at a competitive disadvantage and that could reduce the use of our products.
•   we rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. the inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments, or the acquisition of these companies by competitors, could negatively impact our offerings.
•   our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards (such as those related to emv, tokenization or other safety and security technologies), and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes.
•   our ability to develop evolving systems and products may be inhibited by any difficulty we may experience in attracting and retaining technology experts.
•   our ability to adopt these technologies can also be inhibited by intellectual property rights of third parties. we have received, and we may in the future receive, notices or inquiries from patent holders (for example, other operating companies or non-practicing entities) suggesting that we may be infringing certain patents or that we need to license the use of their patents to avoid infringement. such notices may, among other things, threaten litigation against us or our customers or demand significant license fees.
•   our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses.
25
•   we work with technology companies (such as digital players and mobile providers) that use our technology to enhance payment safety and security and to deliver their payment-related products and services quickly and efficiently to consumers. our inability to keep pace technologically could negatively impact the willingness of these customers to work with us, and could encourage them to use their own technology and compete against us.
we cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business, and our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate, develop or adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. failure to keep pace with these technological developments or otherwise bring to market products that reflect these technologies could lead to a decline in the use of our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
operating a real-time account-based payment network presents risks that could materially affect our business.
our acquisition of vocalink in 2017 added real-time account-based payment technology to the suite of capabilities we offer. while expansion into this space presents business opportunities, there are also regulatory and operational risks associated with administering a real-time account-based payment network.
british regulators have designated this platform to be "critical national infrastructure" and regulators in other countries may in the future expand their regulatory oversight of real-time account-based payment systems in similar ways. in addition, any prolonged service outage on this network could result in quickly escalating impacts, including potential intervention by the bank of england and significant reputational risk to vocalink and us. for a discussion of the regulatory risks related to our real-time account-based payment platform, see our risk factor in "risk factors - payments industry regulation" in this part i, item 1a. furthermore, the complexity of this payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. operational difficulties, such as the temporary unavailability of our services or products, or security breaches on our real-time account-based payment network could cause a loss of business for these products and services, result in potential liability for us and adversely affect our reputation.
working with new customers and end users as we expand our integrated products and services can present operational challenges, be costly and result in reputational damage if the new products or services do not perform as intended.
the payments markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer and consumer needs. in order to remain competitive and meet the needs of the payments market, we are continually involved in diversifying our integrated products and services. these efforts carry the risks associated with any diversification initiative, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. these projects also carry risks associated with working with different types of customers, for example organizations such as corporations that are not financial institutions and non-governmental organizations ("ngos"), and end users than those we have traditionally worked with. these differences may present new operational challenges in the development and implementation of our new products or services.
our failure to render these integrated products and services could make our other integrated products and services less desirable to customers, or put us at a competitive disadvantage. in addition, if there is a delay in the implementation of our products or services or if our products or services do not perform as anticipated, we could face additional regulatory scrutiny, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations, as well as negatively impact our brand and reputation.
information security and service disruptions information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.
information security risks for payments and technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties. these threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, or may result from human error or accidental technological failure. these threats include cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malicious code, phishing attacks or information security breaches and could lead to the misappropriation of consumer account and other information and identity theft.
our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. our customers and other parties in the payments value chain, as well as account holders, rely on our digital technologies, computer systems, software and networks to conduct their operations. in addition, to access our
26
integrated products and services, our customers and account holders increasingly use personal smartphones, tablet pcs and other mobile devices that may be beyond our control. we, like other financial technology organizations, routinely are subject to cyber-threats and our technologies, systems and networks have been subject to attempted cyber-attacks. because of our position in the payments value chain, we believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. additionally, geopolitical events and resulting government activity could also lead to information security threats and attacks by affected jurisdictions and their sympathizers.
to date, we have not experienced any material impact relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, future attacks or breaches could lead to security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our integrated products and services, which in turn could result in the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information (including account data information) or data security compromises. such attacks or breaches could also cause service interruptions, malfunctions or other failures in the physical infrastructure or operations systems that support our businesses and customers (such as the lack of availability of our value-added services), as well as the operations of our customers or other third parties.  in addition, they could lead to damage to our reputation with our customers and other parties and the market, additional costs to us (such as repairing systems, adding new personnel or protection technologies or compliance costs), regulatory penalties, financial losses to both us and our customers and partners and the loss of customers and business opportunities. if such attacks are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded.
despite various mitigation efforts that we undertake, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer material breaches and resulting losses in the future, or that our insurance coverage would be sufficient to cover all losses. our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, our prominent size and scale and our role in the global payments and technology industries, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers and account holders when and how they want to be served, our global presence, our extensive use of third-party vendors and future joint venture and merger and acquisition opportunities. as a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. any of the risks described above could materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
in addition to information security risks for our systems, we also routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that process, store or transmit payment transaction data, which affect millions of mastercard, visa, discover, american express and other types of account holders. further events of this type may subject us to reputational damage and/or lawsuits involving payment products carrying our brands. damage to our reputation or that of our brands resulting from an account data breach of either our systems or the systems of our customers, merchants and other third parties could decrease the use and acceptance of our integrated products and services. such events could also slow or reverse the trend toward electronic payments. in addition to reputational concerns, the cumulative impact of multiple account data compromise events could increase the impact of the fraud resulting from such events by, among other things, making it more difficult to identify consumers. moreover, while most of the lawsuits resulting from account data breaches do not involve direct claims against us and while we have releases from many issuers and acquirers, we could still face damage claims, which, if upheld, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. such events could have a material adverse impact on our transaction volumes, results of operations and prospects for future growth, or increase our costs by leading to additional regulatory burdens being imposed on us.
service disruptions that cause us to be unable to process transactions or service our customers could materially affect our overall business and results of operations.
our transaction switching systems and other offerings may experience interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents or other catastrophic events. our visibility in the global payments industry may also put us at greater risk of attack by terrorists, activists, or hackers who intend to disrupt our facilities and/or systems. additionally, we rely on third-party service providers for the timely transmission of information across our global data network. inadequate infrastructure in lesser-developed markets could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those markets. if one of our service providers fails to provide the communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions, terrorism, hacking or any other reason, the failure could interrupt our services. although we maintain a business continuity program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies, we cannot ensure that our business would be immune to these risks, because of the intrinsic importance of our switching systems to our business, any interruption or
27
degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands and materially adversely affect our overall business and our results of operations.
financial institution customers and other stakeholder relationships losing a significant portion of business from one or more of our largest financial institution customers could lead to significant revenue decreases in the longer term, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and our results of operations.
most of our financial institution customer relationships are not exclusive and may be terminated by our customers. our customers can reassess their commitments to us at any time in the future and/or develop their own competitive services. accordingly, our business agreements with these customers may not reduce the risk inherent in our business that customers may terminate their relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors, or for other reasons, or might not meet their contractual obligations to us.
in addition, a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest financial institution customers. loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
exclusive/near exclusive relationships certain customers have with our competitors may have a material adverse impact on our business.
certain customers have exclusive, or nearly-exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment products, and these relationships may make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to do significant amounts of business with them to increase our revenues. in addition, these customers may be more successful and may grow faster than the customers that primarily issue our payment products, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. furthermore, we earn substantial revenue from customers with nearly-exclusive relationships with our competitors. such relationships could provide advantages to the customers to shift business from us to the competitors with which they are principally aligned. a significant loss of our existing revenue or transaction volumes from these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.
consolidation in the banking industry could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations.
the banking industry has undergone substantial, accelerated consolidation in the past. consolidations have included customers with a substantial mastercard portfolio being acquired by institutions with a strong relationship with a competitor. if significant consolidation among customers were to continue, it could result in the substantial loss of business for us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. in addition, one or more of our customers could seek to merge with, or acquire, one of our competitors, and any such transaction could also have a material adverse impact on our overall business. consolidation could also produce a smaller number of large customers, which could increase their bargaining power and lead to lower prices and/or more favorable terms for our customers. these developments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and, in many jurisdictions, their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands.
while we work directly with many stakeholders in the payments system, including merchants, governments and large digital companies and other technology companies, we are, and will continue to be, significantly dependent on our relationships with our issuers and acquirers and their respective relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services. furthermore, we depend on our issuing partners and acquirers to continue to innovate to maintain competitiveness in the market. we do not issue cards or other payment devices, extend credit to account holders or determine the interest rates or other fees charged to account holders. each issuer determines these and most other competitive payment program features. in addition, we do not establish the discount rate that merchants are charged for acceptance, which is the responsibility of our acquiring customers. as a result, our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and the strength of our relationships with them. in turn, our customers' success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence, including economic conditions in global financial markets or their disintermediation by competitors or emerging technologies, as well as regulation. if our customers become financially unstable, we may lose revenue or we may be exposed to settlement risk. see our risk factor in "risk factors - settlement and third-party obligations" in this part i, item 1a with respect to how we guarantee certain third-party obligations for further discussion.
with the exception of the united states and a select number of other jurisdictions, most in-country (as opposed to cross-border) transactions conducted using mastercard, maestro and cirrus cards are authorized, cleared and settled by our customers or other processors. because we do not provide domestic switching services in these countries and do not, as described above, have direct relationships with account holders, we depend on our close working relationships with our customers to effectively
28
manage our brands, and the perception of our payments system, among consumers in these countries. we also rely on these customers to help manage our brands and perception among regulators and merchants in these countries, alongside our own relationships with them. from time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our payments system overall, which may materially and adversely impact our business.
merchants' continued focus on acceptance costs may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings and increase our incentive program costs, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability.
merchants are important constituents in our payments system. we rely on both our relationships with them, as well as their relationships with our issuer and acquirer customers, to continue to expand the acceptance of our integrated products and services. we also work with merchants to help them enable new sales channels, create better purchase experiences, improve efficiencies, increase revenues and fight fraud. in the retail industry, there is a set of larger merchants with increasingly global scope and influence. we believe that these merchants are having a significant impact on all participants in the global payments industry, including mastercard. some large merchants have supported the legal, regulatory and legislative challenges to interchange fees that mastercard has been defending, including the u.s. merchant litigations. see our risk factor in "risk factors - risks related to our participation in the payments industry" in this part i, item 1a with respect to payments industry regulation, including interchange fees. the continued focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment, including in connection with the growth of digital payments, may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings.
certain larger merchants are also able to negotiate incentives from us and pricing concessions from our issuer and acquirer customers as a condition to accepting our products. we also make payments to certain merchants to incentivize them to create co-branded payment programs with us. as merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives that we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives. additionally, if the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows our business could suffer.
our work with governments exposes us to unique risks that could have a material impact on our business and results of operations.
as we increase our work with national, state and local governments, both indirectly through financial institutions and with them directly as our customers, we may face various risks inherent in associating or contracting directly with governments. these risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   governmental entities typically fund projects through appropriated monies. changes in governmental priorities or other political developments, including disruptions in governmental operations, could impact approved funding and result in changes in the scope, or lead to the termination of, the arrangements or contracts we or financial institutions enter into with respect to our payment products and services.
•   our work with governments subjects us to u.s. and international anti-corruption laws, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. a violation and subsequent judgment or settlement under these laws could subject us to substantial monetary penalties and damages and have a significant reputational impact.
•   working or contracting with governments, either directly or via our financial institution customers, can subject us to heightened reputational risks, including extensive scrutiny and publicity, as well as a potential association with the policies of a government as a result of a business arrangement with that government. any negative publicity or negative association with a government entity, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely affect our reputation.
settlement and third-party obligations our role as guarantor, as well as other contractual obligations, expose us to risk of loss or illiquidity.
we are a guarantor of certain third-party obligations, including those of certain of our customers. in this capacity, we are exposed to credit and liquidity risk from these customers and certain service providers. we may incur significant losses in connection with transaction settlements if a customer fails to fund its daily settlement obligations due to technical problems, liquidity shortfalls, insolvency or other reasons. concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our larger customers or of several of our smaller customers either on a given day or over a condensed period of time may exceed our available resources and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
we have significant contractual indemnification obligations with certain customers. should an event occur that triggers these obligations, such an event could materially and adversely affect our overall business and result of operations.
29
global economic and political environment global economic, political, financial and societal events or conditions could result in a material and adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
adverse economic trends in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial performance. such impact may include, but is not limited to, the following:
•   customers mitigating their economic exposure by limiting the issuance of new mastercard products and requesting greater incentive or greater cost stability from us.
•   consumers and businesses lowering spending, which could impact cross-border travel patterns (on which a significant portion of our revenues is dependent).
•   government intervention (including the effect of laws, regulations and/or government investments on or in our financial institution customers), as well as uncertainty due to changing political regimes in executive, legislative and/or judicial branches of government, that may have potential negative effects on our business and our relationships with customers or otherwise alter their strategic direction away from our products.
•   tightening of credit availability that could impact the ability of participating financial institutions to lend to us under the terms of our credit facility.
additionally, we switch substantially all cross-border transactions using mastercard, maestro and cirrus-branded cards and generate a significant amount of revenue from cross-border volume fees and fees related to switched transactions. revenue from switching cross-border and currency conversion transactions for our customers fluctuates with the levels and destinations of cross-border travel and our customers' need for transactions to be converted into their base currency. cross-border activity may be adversely affected by world geopolitical, economic, weather and other conditions. these include the threat of terrorism and outbreaks of flu, viruses and other diseases, as well as major environmental events. the uncertainty that could result from such events could decrease cross-border activity. additionally, any regulation of interregional interchange fees could also negatively impact our cross-border activity. in each case, decreased cross-border activity could decrease the revenue we receive.
any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations.
adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could negatively impact our results of operations.
during 2018, approximately 67% of our revenue was generated from activities outside the united states. this revenue (and the related expense) could be transacted in a non-functional currency or valued based on a currency other than the functional currency of the entity generating the revenues. resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net income. our risk management activities provide protection with respect to adverse changes in the value of only a limited number of currencies and are based on estimates of exposures to these currencies.
in addition, some of the revenue we generate outside the united states is subject to unpredictable currency fluctuations including devaluation of currencies where the values of other currencies change relative to the u.s. dollar. if the u.s. dollar strengthens compared to currencies in which we generate revenue, this revenue may be translated at a materially lower amount than expected. furthermore, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our other revenue currencies into u.s. dollars, such as what we have experienced in venezuela.
the occurrence of currency fluctuations or exchange controls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
the united kingdom's proposed withdrawal from the european union could harm our business and financial results.
in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved the withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. (commonly referred to as "brexit"). the u.k. government triggered article 50 of the lisbon treaty on march 29, 2017, which commenced the official e.u. withdrawal process. uncertainty over the terms of the u.k.'s departure from the e.u. could cause political and economic uncertainty in the u.k. and the rest of europe, which could harm our business and financial results.
brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the u.k. and e.u. we, as well as our clients who have significant operations in the u.k., may incur additional costs and expenses as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks from the rest of the e.u. we may also face additional complexity with regard to immigration and travel rights for our employees located in the u.k. and the e.u. these factors may impact our ability to operate in the e.u. and u.k. seamlessly. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could harm our business and financial results.
30
brand and reputational impact negative brand perception may materially and adversely affect our overall business.
our brands and their attributes are key assets of our business. the ability to attract consumers to our branded products and retain them depends upon the external perception of us and our industry. our business may be affected by actions taken by our customers, merchants or other organizations that impact the perception of our brands or the payments industry in general. from time to time, our customers may take actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our brands, such as creditor practices that may be viewed as "predatory". moreover, adverse developments with respect to our industry or the industries of our customers may also, by association, impair our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny. we have also been pursuing the use of social media channels at an increasingly rapid pace. under some circumstances, our use of social media, or the use of social media by others as a channel for criticism or other purposes, could also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brands by disseminating rapidly and globally actual or perceived damaging information about us, our products or merchants or other end users who utilize our products. also, as we are headquartered in the united states, a negative perception of the united states could impact the perception of our company, which could adversely affect our business. such perception and damage to our reputation could have a material and adverse effect to our overall business.
lack of visibility of our brand in our products and services, or in the products and services of our partners who use our technology, may materially and adversely affect our business.
as more players enter the global payments system, the layers between our brand and consumers and merchants increase. in order to compete with other powerful consumer brands that are also becoming part of the consumer payment experience, we often partner with those brands on payment solutions. these brands include large digital companies and other technology companies who are our customers and use our networks to build their own acceptance brands. in some cases, our brand may not be featured in the payment solution or may be secondary to other brands. additionally, as part of our relationships with some issuers, our payment brand is only included on the back of the card. as a result, our brand may either be invisible to consumers or may not be the primary brand with which consumers associate the payment experience. this brand invisibility, or any consumer confusion as to our role in the consumer payment experience, could decrease the value of our brand, which could adversely affect our business.
talent and culture we may not be able to attract, hire and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, or maintain our corporate culture, which could impact our ability to grow effectively.
our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key personnel and senior management. we may be unable to retain or to attract highly qualified employees. the market for key personnel is highly competitive, particularly in technology and other skill areas significant to our business. additionally, changes in immigration and work permit laws and regulations and related enforcement have made it difficult for employees to work in, or transfer among, jurisdictions in which we have operations and could impair our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, or to maintain a corporate culture that fosters innovation, creativity and teamwork could harm our overall business and results of operations.
we rely on key personnel to lead with integrity. to the extent our leaders behave in a manner that is not consistent with our values, we could experience significant impact to our brand and reputation, as well as to our corporate culture.
acquisitions acquisitions, strategic investments or entry into new businesses could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations or reputation.
although we may continue to evaluate and/or make strategic acquisitions of, or acquire interests in joint ventures or other entities related to, complementary businesses, products or technologies, we may not be able to successfully partner with or integrate them, despite original intentions and focused efforts. in addition, such an integration may divert management's time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. moreover, we may spend time and money on acquisitions or projects that do not meet our expectations or increase our revenue. to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to us for other uses, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our stockholders. furthermore, we may not be able to successfully finance the business following the acquisition as a result of costs of operations, including any litigation risk which may be inherited from the acquisition.
31
any acquisition or entry into a new business could subject us to new regulations with which we would need to comply. this compliance could increase our costs, and we could be subject to liability or reputational harm to the extent we cannot meet any such compliance requirements. our expansion into new businesses could also result in unanticipated issues which may be difficult to manage.
class a common stock and governance structure provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions and have an impact on change-in-control.
provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions, including provisions that could delay or prevent entirely a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. these provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or have the effect of delaying or preventing entirely a change in control, which could harm our stock price. for example, subject to limited exceptions, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits any person from beneficially owning more than 15% of any of the class a common stock or any other class or series of our stock with general voting power, or more than 15% of our total voting power. in addition:
•   our stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors
•   our stockholders are not entitled to act by written consent
•   a vote of 80% or more of all of the outstanding shares of our stock then entitled to vote is required for stockholders to amend any provision of our bylaws
•   any representative of a competitor of mastercard or of mastercard foundation is disqualified from service on our board of directors mastercard foundation's substantial stock ownership, and restrictions on its sales, may impact corporate actions or acquisition proposals favorable to, or favored by, the other public stockholders.
as of february 8, 2019, mastercard foundation owned 112,181,762 shares of class a common stock, representing approximately 11.1% of our general voting power. mastercard foundation may not sell or otherwise transfer its shares of class a common stock prior to may 1, 2027, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable disbursement requirements, for which purpose earlier sales are permitted. mastercard foundation is permitted to sell all of its remaining shares after may 1, 2027, subject to certain conditions. the directors of mastercard foundation are required to be independent of us and our customers. the ownership of class a common stock by mastercard foundation, together with the restrictions on transfer, could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by the other holders of the class a common stock. in addition, because mastercard foundation is restricted from selling its shares for an extended period of time, it may not have the same interest in short or medium-term movements in our stock price as, or incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to, our other stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of mastercard incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries, including mastercard international incorporated ("mastercard international") (together, "mastercard" or the "company"), included elsewhere in this report. certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 2018 presentation.  for 2017 and 2016, $127 million and $113 million, respectively, of expenses were reclassified from advertising and marketing expenses to general and administrative expenses.  the reclassification had no impact on total operating expenses, operating income or net income. percentage changes provided throughout "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" were calculated on amounts rounded to the nearest thousand.
business overview mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. we make payments easier and more efficient by creating a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known brands, including mastercard®, maestro® and cirrus®. we are a multi-rail network. through our core global payments processing network, we facilitate the switching (authorization, clearing and settlement) of payment transactions and deliver related products and services. with additional payment capabilities that include real-time account based payments (including automated clearing house ("ach") transactions), we offer customers one partner to turn to for their payment needs for both domestic and cross-border transactions across multiple payment flows. we also provide value-added offerings such as safety and security products, information and analytics services, consulting, loyalty and reward programs and issuer and acquirer processing. our payment solutions are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system.
a typical transaction on our core network involves four participants in addition to us: account holder (a consumer who holds a card or uses another device enabled for payment), issuer (the account holder's financial institution), merchant and acquirer (the merchant's financial institution). we do not issue cards, extend credit, determine or receive revenue from interest rates or other fees charged to account holders by issuers, or establish the rates charged by acquirers in connection with merchants' acceptance of our branded products. in most cases, account holder relationships belong to, and are managed by, our financial institution customers.
37
financial results overview the following tables provide a summary of our operating results:
year ended december 31,        increase/(decrease)                        year ended december 31,        increase/(decrease)
2018                                                                             2017                                        2017                    2016
($ in millions, except per share data)
net revenue                                     $14,950                 $12,497                              20%          $12,497                 $10,776                              16%
operating expenses                               $7,668                  $5,875                              31%           $5,875                  $5,015                              17%
operating income                                 $7,282                  $6,622                              10%           $6,622                  $5,761                              15%
operating margin                                   48.7     %              53.0     %                  (4.3) ppt             53.0     %              53.5     %                  (0.5) ppt income tax expense                               $1,345                  $2,607                            (48)%           $2,607                  $1,587                              64%
effective income tax rate                          18.7     %              40.0     %                 (21.3) ppt             40.0     %              28.1     %                   11.9 ppt net income                                       $5,859                  $3,915                              50%           $3,915                  $4,059                             (4)%
diluted earnings per share                        $5.60                   $3.65                              53%            $3.65                   $3.69                             (1)%
diluted weighted-average shares outstanding       1,047                   1,072                             (2)%            1,072                   1,101                             (3)%
summary of non-gaap results 1:
year ended december 31,                           increase/(decrease)                       year ended december 31,                           increase/(decrease)
2018                                                                     2017       as adjusted            currency-neutral                  2017                    2016       as adjusted            currency-neutral
($ in millions, except per share data)
net revenue                             $14,950                 $12,497                     20%                         20%         $12,497                 $10,776                     16%                         15%
adjusted operating expenses              $6,540                  $5,693                     15%                         15%          $5,693                  $4,898                     16%                         16%
adjusted operating margin                  56.2     %              54.4     %           1.8 ppt                     1.8 ppt            54.4     %              54.5     %         (0.1) ppt                   (0.2) ppt adjusted effective income tax rate         18.5     %              26.8     %         (8.3) ppt                   (8.2) ppt            26.8     %              28.1     %         (1.3) ppt                   (1.3) ppt adjusted net income                      $6,792                  $4,906                     38%                         38%          $4,906                  $4,144                     18%                         17%
adjusted diluted earnings per share       $6.49                   $4.58                     42%                         41%           $4.58                   $3.77                     21%                         21%
note: tables may not sum due to rounding.
1 the summary of non-gaap results excludes the impact of special items (subsequently defined) and/or foreign currency. see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on the special items, the impact of foreign currency and the reconciliation to gaap reported amounts.
key highlights for 2018 were as follows:
•   net revenue increased 20% both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis, in 2018 versus 2017. current year results include growth of 4 percentage points from the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard and an additional 0.5 percentage points from our prior year acquisitions. the remaining 15 percentage points of growth was primarily driven by:
ø switched transaction growth of 17%, adjusted for the impact of the venezuela deconsolidation1
ø cross-border growth of 18% on a local currency basis1
1 adjusted to normalize for the effects of differing switching days between periods.
38
ø gross dollar volume growth of 14% on a local currency basis
ø these increases were partially offset by higher rebates and incentives, which increased 18% both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis.
•   operating expenses increased 31% in 2018 versus 2017. excluding the impact of special items (defined below), operating expenses increased 15% both as adjusted and on a currency-neutral basis, primarily driven by:
ø 3 percentage point increase from the adoption of the new revenue guidance
ø 2 percentage point increase from acquisitions
ø 2 percentage point increase from the $100 million contribution to the mastercard impact fund (formerly referred to as mastercard's center for inclusive growth fund), a non-profit charitable organization.
the remaining 8 percentage points of growth was primarily related to our continued investment in strategic initiatives and higher operating costs.
•   the effective income tax rate was 18.7% in 2018 versus 40.0% in 2017. the lower effective tax rate for the period was primarily due to additional tax expense in 2017 attributable to comprehensive u.s. tax legislation ("u.s. tax reform") passed on december 22, 2017, a lower enacted statutory tax rate in the u.s. and belgium and a more favorable geographic mix of earnings. the lower effective tax rate for the period was also attributable to discrete tax benefits, relating primarily to the carryback of foreign tax credits due to transition rules, along with provisions for legal matters in the united states. these benefits were partially offset by the non-deductible fine issued by the european commission.
other financial highlights for 2018 were as follows:
•   we generated net cash flows from operations of $6.2 billion.
•   we completed a debt offering for an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion.
•   we repurchased 26 million shares of our common stock for $4.9 billion and paid dividends of $1.0 billion.
•   we recorded litigation provision charges of $1.1 billion. see note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
non-gaap financial information non-gaap financial information is defined as a numerical measure of a company's performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different than the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). our non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the following special items ("special items").
litigation provisions
•   during 2018, we recorded pre-tax charges of $1,128 million ($1,008 million after tax, or $0.96 per diluted share) related to litigation provisions which included pre-tax charges of:
ø $654 million related to a fine issued by the european commission
ø $237 million related to both the u.s. merchant class litigation and the filed and anticipated opt-out u.s. merchant cases
ø $237 million related to litigation settlements with u.k. and pan-european merchants.
•   during 2017, we recorded pre-tax charges of $15 million ($10 million after tax, or $0.01 per diluted share) related to a litigation settlement with canadian merchants.
•   during 2016, we recorded pre-tax charges of $117 million ($85 million after tax, or $0.08 per diluted share) related to litigation settlements with u.k. merchants.
39
tax act
•   during 2018, we recorded a $75 million net tax benefit ($0.07 per diluted share) which included a $90 million benefit ($0.09 per diluted share) related to the carryback of foreign tax credits due to transition rules, offset by a net $15 million expense ($0.01 per diluted share) primarily related to the true-up to our 2017 mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings.
•   during 2017, we recorded additional tax expense of $873 million ($0.81 per diluted share) which includes $825 million of provisional charges attributable to a one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings (the "transition tax"), the remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset in the u.s. and the recognition of a deferred tax liability related to a change in assertion regarding reinvestment of foreign earnings, as well as $48 million additional tax expense related to a foregone foreign tax credit benefit on 2017 repatriations.
venezuela charge
•   during 2017, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $167 million ($108 million after tax, or $0.10 per diluted share) in general and administrative expenses related to the deconsolidation of our venezuelan subsidiaries.
see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies), note 19 (income taxes) and note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
we excluded these special items as management evaluates the underlying operations and performance of the company separately from litigation judgments and settlements related to interchange and other one-time items, as well as the related tax impacts.
in addition, we present growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency, which is a non-gaap financial measure. currency-neutral growth rates are calculated by remeasuring the prior period's results using the current period's exchange rates for both the translational and transactional impacts on operating results. the impact of foreign currency translation represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our u.s. dollar reporting currency. the impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expenses occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. we believe the presentation of the impact of foreign currency provides relevant information.
we believe that the non-gaap financial measures presented facilitate an understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. we use non-gaap financial measures to, among other things, evaluate our ongoing operations in relation to historical results, for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation.
40
operating expenses, operating margin, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share, adjusted for special items, are non-gaap financial measures and should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with gaap. the following tables reconcile our as-reported financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap to the respective non-gaap adjusted financial measures:
year ended december 31, 2018
operating expenses                 operating margin          effective income tax rate             net income            diluted earnings per share
($ in millions, except per share data)
reported - gaap         $7,668                              48.7   %                       18.7              %           $5,859                            $5.60
litigation provisions   (1,128            )                  7.5   %                       (1.1             )%            1,008         0.96
tax act                 **                                    **                            0.9              %              (75     )                      (0.07          )
non-gaap                $6,540                              56.2   %                       18.5              %           $6,792                            $6.49
year ended december 31, 2017
operating expenses                 operating margin          effective income tax rate             net income            diluted earnings per share
($ in millions, except per share data)
reported - gaap         $5,875                              53.0   %                       40.0   %                      $3,915                            $3.65
tax act                 **                                    **                          (13.4   )%                        873                             0.81
venezuela charge        (167              )                  1.3   %                        0.2   %                         108                             0.10
litigation provisions   (15               )                  0.1   %                          -   %                          10                             0.01
non-gaap                $5,693                              54.4   %                       26.8   %                      $4,906                            $4.58
year ended december 31, 2016
operating expenses                 operating margin        effective income tax rate          net income             diluted earnings per share
($ in millions, except per share data)
reported - gaap         $5,015                              53.5   %          28.1                %                   $4,059                 $3.69
litigation provisions   (117              )                  1.0   %               -              %              85                     0.08
non-gaap                $4,898                              54.5   %          28.1                %                   $4,144                 $3.77
note: tables may not sum due to rounding.
** not applicable
41
net revenue, operating expenses, operating margin, effective income tax rate, net income and diluted earnings per share, adjusted for special items and/or the impact of foreign currency, are non-gaap financial measures and should not be relied upon as substitutes for measures calculated in accordance with gaap. the following tables represent the reconciliation of our growth rates reported under gaap to our non-gaap growth rates:
year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017
increase/(decrease)
net revenue                operating expenses           operating margin           effective income tax rate              net income              diluted earnings per share reported - gaap               20      %                      31   %                   (4.3) ppt                                 (21.3) ppt              50       %                      53               %
litigation provisions         **                            (19   )%                  7.4 ppt                                    (1.0) ppt              25       %                      26               %
tax act                       **                             **                       **                                          14.2 ppt             (33      )%                     (34              )%
venezuela charge              **                              3   %                   (1.3) ppt                                  (0.2) ppt              (3      )%                      (3              )%
non-gaap                      20      %                      15   %                   1.8 ppt                                    (8.3) ppt              38       %                      42               %
foreign currency 1            -       %                       -   %                   - ppt                                        0.1 ppt               -       %                       -               %
non-gaap - currency-neutral   20      %                      15   %                   1.8 ppt                                    (8.2) ppt              38       %                      41               %
year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016
increase/(decrease)
net revenue                operating expenses           operating margin           effective income tax rate              net income              diluted earnings per share reported - gaap               16      %                      17           %                  (0.5) ppt           11.9 ppt                               (4      )%                      (1              )%
tax act                       **                             **                                     **           (13.4) ppt                             21       %                      22               %
venezuela charge              **                             (3          )%                    1.3 ppt           0.2 ppt                                 3       %                       3               %
litigation provisions         **                              3           %                  (1.0) ppt           - ppt                                  (2      )%                      (3              )%
non-gaap                      16      %                      16           %                  (0.1) ppt           (1.3) ppt                              18       %                      21               %
foreign currency 1            (1      )%                     (1          )%                  (0.1) ppt           - ppt                                  (1      )%                       1               %
non-gaap - currency-neutral   15      %                      16           %                  (0.2) ppt           (1.3) ppt                              17       %                      21               %
note: tables may not sum due to rounding.
** not applicable
1 represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact.
impact of foreign currency rates our primary revenue functional currencies are the u.s. dollar, euro, brazilian real and the british pound. our overall operating results are impacted by foreign currency translation, which represents the effect of translating operating results where the functional currency is different than our u.s. dollar reporting currency.
our operating results can also be impacted by transactional foreign currency. the impact of the transactional foreign currency represents the effect of converting revenue and expense transactions occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates directly impact the calculation of gross dollar volume ("gdv") and gross euro volume ("gev"), which are used in the calculation of our domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees and volume-related rebates and incentives. in most non-european regions, gdv is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to u.s. dollars using average exchange rates for the period. in europe, gev is calculated based on local currency spending volume converted to euros using average exchange rates for the period. as a result, our domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees and volume-related rebates and incentives are impacted by the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar versus non-european local currencies and the strengthening or weakening of the euro versus other european local currencies. for example, our billing in australia is in the u.s. dollar, however, consumer spend in australia is in the australian dollar. the foreign currency transactional impact of converting australian dollars to our u.s. dollar billing currency will have an impact on the revenue generated. the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar is evident when gdv growth on a u.s. dollar-converted basis is compared to gdv growth on a local currency basis. in 2018, gdv on a u.s. dollar-converted basis increased 13.0%, while gdv
42
on a local currency basis increased 14.0% versus 2017. in 2017, gdv on a u.s. dollar-converted basis increased 8.5%, while gdv on a local currency basis increased 8.4% versus 2016. further, the impact from transactional foreign currency occurs in transaction processing revenue, other revenue and operating expenses when the local currency of these items are different than the functional currency.
we incur foreign currency gains and losses from remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency and from remeasuring foreign exchange derivative contracts ("foreign exchange activity"). the impact of foreign exchange activity has not been eliminated in our currency-neutral results (see "non-gaap financial information") and is recorded in general and administrative expenses. we manage foreign currency balance sheet remeasurement and cash flow risk through our foreign exchange risk management activities, which are discussed further in note 22 (foreign exchange risk management) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8. since we do not designate foreign currency derivatives as hedging instruments pursuant to the accounting standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities, we record gains and losses on foreign exchange derivatives immediately in current-period earnings, with the related hedged item being recognized as the exposures materialize.
we are exposed to currency devaluation in certain countries. in addition, we are subject to exchange control regulations that restrict the conversion of financial assets into u.s. dollars. while these revenues and assets are not material to us on a consolidated basis, we can be negatively impacted should there be a continued and sustained devaluation of local currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and/or a continued and sustained deterioration of economic conditions in these countries. specifically, in 2017, due to foreign exchange regulations which were restricting access to u.s. dollars in venezuela, an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability between the venezuela bolivar and the u.s. dollar impacted our ability to manage risk, process cross-border transactions and satisfy u.s. dollar denominated liabilities related to our venezuelan operations.  as a result of these factors, we concluded that, effective december 31, 2017, we did not meet the accounting criteria for consolidation of these subsidiaries, and therefore we transitioned to the cost method of accounting. this accounting change resulted in a pre-tax charge of $167 million ($108 million after tax, or $0.10 per diluted share) in 2017.  we continue to operate and serve our venezuelan issuers, acquirers, merchants and account holders with our products and services. see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
financial results revenue gross revenue increased 19% and 18%, or 19% and 17% on a currency-neutral basis, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year. the increase in both 2018 and 2017 was primarily driven by an increase in transactions, dollar volume of activity on cards carrying our brands for both domestic and cross-border transactions and other payment-related products and services.
rebates and incentives increased 18% and 22% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year, both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis. the increases in rebates and incentives in 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the impact from new and renewed agreements and increased volumes.
our net revenue increased 20% and 16%, or 20% and 15% on a currency-neutral basis, in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year. current year results include growth of 4 percentage points from the impact of the adoption of the new revenue standard and an additional 0.5 percentage points from our prior year acquisitions.
see note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for a further discussion of the new revenue guidance. additionally, see note 3 (revenue) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for a further discussion of how we recognize revenue.
43
the significant components of our net revenue were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,              percent increase (decrease)
2018                                                       2017                  2016                  2018             2017
($ in millions)
domestic assessments                         $6,138                $5,130                $4,411                   20%                     16%
cross-border volume fees                      4,954                 4,174                 3,568                   19%                     17%
transaction processing                        7,391                 6,188                 5,143                   19%                     20%
other revenues                                3,348                 2,853                 2,431                   17%                     17%
gross revenue                                21,831                18,345                15,553                   19%                     18%
rebates and incentives (contra-revenue)      (6,881    )           (5,848    )           (4,777    )              18%                     22%
net revenue                                 $14,950               $12,497               $10,776                   20%                     16%
the following table summarizes the primary drivers of net revenue growth:
for the years ended december 31, volume                 acquisitions                revenue standard 1                foreign currency 2                  other 3                    total
2018                                      2017          2018           2017            2018   2017                       2018              2017        2018         2017         2018        2017
domestic assessments       14   %       10   %        -   %          -   %          6     %         -     %          (1   )%            1     %       2   %   4    6   %   4   20   %      16   %
cross-border volume fees   17   %       14   %        -   %          -   %          1     %         -     %           1   %             -     %       -   %        3   %       19   %      17   %
transaction processing     14   %       15   %        -   %          1   %          -     %         -     %           -   %             1     %       5   %        4   %       19   %      20   %
other revenues             **           **            2   %          7   %          -     %         -     %          (1   )%            1     %      16   %   5    9   %   5   17   %      17   %
rebates and incentives     10   %       10   %        -   %          -   %         (2    )%         -     %          (1   )%            1     %      11   %   6   11   %   6   18   %      22   %
net revenue                14   %       11   %      0.5   %          2   %          4     %         -     %           -   %             1     %       2   %        2   %       20   %      16   %
note: table may not sum due to rounding
** not applicable
1 represents the impact of our adoption of the new revenue guidance. for a more detailed discussion on the impact of the new revenue guidance, refer to note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
2 represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact versus the prior year.
3 includes impact from pricing and other non-volume based fees.
4 includes impact of the allocation of revenue to service deliverables, which are recorded in other revenue when services are performed.
5 includes impacts from advisors fees, safety and security fees, loyalty and reward solution fees and other payment-related products and services.
6 includes the impact from timing of new, renewed and expired agreements.
the following table provides a summary of the trend in volume and transaction growth:
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                  2017
growth (usd)           growth (local)           growth (usd)           growth (local)
mastercard-branded gdv 1              13        %             14         %             8        %              8         %
asia pacific/middle east/africa       13        %             13         %             8        %              9         %
canada                                10        %             10         %            13        %             10         %
europe                                18        %             19         %            10        %             10         %
latin america                          8        %             17         %            17        %             15         %
united states                         10        %             10         %             5        %              5         %
cross-border volume 1                                         19         %                                    15         %
switched transactions                                         13         %                                    17         %
1 excludes volume generated by maestro and cirrus cards.
44
in 2016, our gdv was impacted by the eu interchange fee regulation related to card payments which became effective in june 2016. the regulation requires that we no longer collect fees on domestic european economic area payment transactions that do not use our network brand. prior to that, we collected a de minimis assessment fee in a few countries, particularly france, on transactions with mastercard co-badged cards if the brands of domestic networks (as opposed to mastercard) were used. as a result, the non mastercard co-badged volume is no longer being included.
the following table reflects gdv growth rates for europe and worldwide mastercard. for comparability purposes, we adjusted growth rates for the impact of article 8 of the eu interchange fee regulation related to card payments, to exclude the prior period co-badged volume processed by other networks.
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                   2017
growth (local)
gdv 1
worldwide as reported                            14%                        8%
worldwide as adjusted for eu regulation          14%                       10%
europe as reported                               19%                       10%
europe as adjusted for eu regulation             19%                       16%
1 excludes volume generated by maestro and cirrus cards.
the following table reflects cross-border volume and switched transactions growth rates. for comparability purposes, we normalized the growth rates for the effects of differing switching days between periods. additionally, we adjusted the switched transactions growth rate for the deconsolidation of our venezuelan subsidiaries in 2017. for a more detailed discussion of the deconsolidation of our venezuelan subsidiaries, refer to note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                              2017
growth (local)
cross-border volume as reported             19%                       15%
cross-border volume, normalized             18%                       15%
switched transactions as reported           13%                       17%
switched transactions, normalized1          17%                       16%
1 adjusted for the deconsolidation of venezuela subsidiaries.
no individual country, other than the united states, generated more than 10% of total net revenue in any such period. a significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among our five largest customers. in 2018, the net revenue from these customers was approximately $3.1 billion, or 21%, of total net revenue. the loss of any of these customers or their significant card programs could adversely impact our revenue.
operating expenses operating expenses increased 31% and 17% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year. excluding the impact of the special items, adjusted operating expenses increased 15% and 16% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year, both as adjusted and on a currency-neutral basis. acquisitions contributed 2 percentage points of growth in 2018.
45
the components of operating expenses were as follows:
year ended december 31,               increase (decrease)
2018                                                                                           2017                  2016            2018              2017
($ in millions)
general and administrative                                        $5,174                $4,653                $3,827             11     %          22     %
advertising and marketing                                            907                   771                   698             18     %          11     %
depreciation and amortization                                        459                   436                   373              5     %          17     %
provision for litigation                                           1,128                    15                   117             **                **
total operating expenses                                           7,668                 5,875                 5,015             31     %          17     %
special items1                                                    (1,128    )             (182    )             (117    )        **                **
adjusted total operating expenses (excluding special items1)      $6,540                $5,693                $4,898             15     %          16     %
note: table may not sum due to rounding.
** not meaningful
1 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
the following table summarizes the primary drivers of changes in operating expenses in 2018 and 2017:
for the years ended december 31, operational                   special items 1                 acquisitions                revenue standard 2               mastercard impact fund 3       foreign currency 4                              total
2018                                              2017            2018              2017          2018           2017            2018   2017                         2018   2017                 2018                       2017         2018         2017
general and administrative      11   %         11   %         (4   )%            5   %          1   %          6    %         -   %           -     %            2   %             -      %          -     %             1   %         11   %       22   %
advertising and marketing       (4   )%         9   %          -   %             -   %          -   %          1    %        21   %           -     %            -   %             -      %          -     %             1   %         18   %       11   %
depreciation and amortization   (5   )%         -   %          -   %             -   %         10   %         17    %         -   %           -     %            -   %             -      %          -     %             -   %          5   %       17   %
provision for litigation        **             **             **                **             **             **             **               **                **                 **                **                 **             **           **
total operating expenses         8   %         10   %         16   %             1   %          2   %          6    %         3   %           -     %            2   %             -      %          -     %             1   %         31   %       17   %
note: table may not sum due to rounding.
** not meaningful
1 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
2 represents the impact of our adoption of the new revenue guidance. for a more detailed discussion on the impact of the new revenue guidance, refer to note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
3 represents contribution to a non-profit entity.
4 represents the foreign currency translational and transactional impact versus the prior year.
46
general and administrative the significant components of our general and administrative expenses were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,              percent increase (decrease)
2018                                                                                                      2017                  2016   2018             2017
($ in millions)
personnel                                                                    $3,214                $2,687                $2,225                   20%                     21%
professional fees                                                               377                   355                   337                    6%                      5%
data processing and telecommunications                                          600                   504                   420                   19%                     20%
foreign exchange activity 1                                                     (36    )              106                    34                    **                      **
other                                                                         1,019                 1,001                   811                    2%                     23%
general and administrative expenses                                           5,174                 4,653                 3,827                   11%                     22%
special item 2                                                                    -                  (167    )                -                    **                      **
adjusted general and administrative expenses (excluding special item) 2      $5,174                $4,486                $3,827                   15%                     17%
note: table may not sum due to rounding.
** not meaningful
1 foreign exchange activity includes gains and losses on foreign exchange derivative contracts and the impact of remeasurement of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. see note 22 (foreign exchange risk management) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
2 see "non-gaap financial information" for further information on special items.
the primary drivers of general and administrative expenses in 2018 and 2017, versus the prior year, were as follows:
•   personnel expenses increased 20% and 21%, or 19% and 20% on a currency-neutral basis, respectively. the 2018 and 2017 increases were driven by a higher number of employees to support our continued investment in the areas of real-time account-based payments, digital, services, data analytics and geographic expansion. the impact of acquisitions contributed 2 and 6 percentage points of growth for 2018 and 2017, respectively.
•   data processing and telecommunication expenses increased 19% and 20%, respectively, both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis, due to capacity growth of our business. acquisitions contributed 3 and 8 percentage points, respectively.
•   foreign exchange activity contributed a benefit of 3 percentage points in 2018 related to gains from our foreign exchange activity for derivative contracts primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, partially offset by balance sheet remeasurement losses. in 2017, foreign exchange activity had a negative impact of 2 percentage points due to greater losses from foreign exchange derivative contracts.
•   other expenses increased 2% and 23%, or 2% and 25% on a currency-neutral basis, respectively. in 2018, other expenses increased primarily due to the $100 million contribution to the mastercard impact fund. the remaining increase was due to costs to support our strategic development efforts. these increases were primarily offset by the non-recurring venezuela charge of $167 million recorded in 2017 which was the primary driver of growth for that period. other expenses include costs to provide loyalty and rewards solutions, travel and meeting expenses and rental expense for our facilities and other costs associated with our business.
advertising and marketing in 2018, advertising and marketing expenses increased 18% both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis versus 2017, primarily due to a change in accounting for certain marketing fund arrangements as a result of our adoption of the new revenue guidance, partially offset by a net decrease in spending on certain marketing campaigns. for a more detailed discussion on the impact of the new revenue guidance, refer to note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies). in 2017, advertising and marketing expenses increased 11%, or 10% on a currency-neutral basis versus 2016, mainly due to higher marketing spend primarily related to certain marketing campaigns.
47
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses increased 5% and 17% in 2018 and 2017, respectively, versus the prior year, both as reported and on a currency-neutral basis. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to the impact of acquisitions partially offset by the full amortization of certain intangible assets. in 2017, the increase was primarily due to the impact of acquisitions.
provision for litigation in 2018, we recorded pre-tax charges of $1,128 million which includes $654 million related to a fine issued by the european commission, $237 million related to both the u.s. merchant class litigation and the filed and anticipated opt-out u.s. merchant cases and $237 million related to litigation settlements with u.k. and pan-european merchants. during 2017 and 2016, we recorded pre-tax charges of $15 million and $117 million related to litigations with merchants in canada and the u.k., respectively. see note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
other income (expense)
other income (expense) is comprised primarily of investment income, interest expense, our share of income (losses) from equity method investments and other gains and losses. total other expense decreased $22 million to $78 million in 2018 versus $100 million in 2017 due to higher investment income partially offset by higher interest expense related to our debt issuance in february 2018 and higher equity losses in the current year. total other expense decreased $15 million to $100 million in 2017 versus $115 million in 2016 due to lower impairment charges taken on certain investments last year and a gain on an investment recorded in 2017, partially offset by higher interest expense from debt issued in the fourth quarter of 2017.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, u.s. tax reform was enacted into law with the effective date for most provisions being january 1, 2018. u.s. tax reform represents significant changes to the u.s. internal revenue code and, among other things:
•   lowered the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%
•   imposed a one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings
•   provides for a 100% dividends received deduction on dividends from foreign affiliates
•   requires a current inclusion in u.s. federal taxable income of earnings of foreign affiliates that are determined to be global intangible low taxed income or "gilti"
•   creates the base erosion anti-abuse tax, or "beat"
•   provides for an effective tax rate of 13.125% for certain income derived from outside of the u.s. (referred to as foreign derived intangible income or "fdii")
•   introduced further limitations on the deductibility of executive compensation
•   permits 100% expensing of qualifying fixed assets acquired after september 27, 2017
•   limits the deductibility of interest expense in certain situations and
•   eliminates the domestic production activities deduction.
while the effective date of the law for most provisions was january 1, 2018, gaap requires the effects of changes in tax rates be accounted for in the reporting period of enactment, which was the 2017 reporting period.
the effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 18.7%, 40.0% and 28.1%, respectively. the effective income tax rate for 2018 was lower than the effective income tax rate for 2017 primarily due to additional tax expense of $873 million attributable to u.s. tax reform in 2017, a lower 2018 statutory tax rate in the u.s. and belgium and a more favorable geographic mix of earnings. the lower effective tax rate is also attributable to discrete tax benefits, relating primarily to $90 million of foreign tax credits generated in 2018, which can be carried back and utilized in 2017 under transition rules in the proposed foreign tax credit regulations issued on november 28, 2018, along with provisions for legal matters in the united states. these benefits were partially offset by the nondeductible nature of the fine issued by the european commission. excluding the impact of special items, the 2018 adjusted effective income tax rate improved by 8.3 percentage points to 18.5% from 26.8% in 2017 primarily due to the lower tax rate in the u.s. and a more favorable geographical mix of earnings.
48
the effective income tax rate for 2017 was higher than the effective income tax rate for 2016 primarily due to additional tax expense of $873 million attributable to u.s. tax reform, which included provisional amounts of $825 million related to the transition tax, the remeasurement of our net deferred tax asset balance in the u.s. and the recognition of a deferred tax liability related to a change in assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of a substantial amount of our foreign earnings, as well as $48 million due to a foregone foreign tax credit benefit on current year repatriations. excluding the impact of u.s. tax reform and other special items, the 2017 adjusted effective income tax rate improved by 1.3 percentage points to 26.8% from 28.1% in 2016 primarily due to a more favorable geographical mix of earnings, partially offset by a lower u.s. foreign tax credit benefit.
the provision for income taxes differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate of 21% for 2018 and 35.0% for 2017 and 2016 to pretax income for the years ended december 31, as a result of the following:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                          2017   2016
amount           percent               amount           percent               amount           percent
($ in millions)
income before income taxes                    $7,204                                 $6,522                                 $5,646
federal statutory tax                          1,513             21.0     %           2,283             35.0     %           1,976             35.0   %
state tax effect, net of federal benefit          46              0.6     %              43              0.7     %   22                         0.4   %
foreign tax effect                               (92    )        (1.3    )%            (380    )        (5.8    )%            (188    )        (3.3   )%
european commission fine                         194              2.7     %               -                -     %               -                -   %
foreign tax credits1                            (110    )        (1.5    )%             (27    )        (0.4    )%            (141    )        (2.5   )%
transition tax                                    22              0.3     %             629              9.6     %               -                -   %
remeasurement of deferred taxes                   (7    )        (0.1    )%             157              2.4     %               -                -   %
windfall benefit                                 (72    )        (1.0    )%             (43    )        (0.7    )%               -                -   %
other, net                                      (149    )        (2.0    )%             (55    )        (0.8    )%             (82    )        (1.5   )%
income tax expense                            $1,345             18.7     %          $2,607             40.0     %          $1,587             28.1   %
1 included within the impact of the 2018 foreign tax credits is a $90 million tax benefit relating to the carry back of certain foreign tax credits. additionally, included in 2016 is a $116 million benefit associated with the repatriation of 2016 foreign earnings. there was no benefit associated with the repatriation of foreign earnings in 2018 and 2017 due to the enactment of u.s. tax reform.
our gaap effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017 and 2016 were affected by the tax benefits related to the special items as previously discussed.
our unrecognized tax benefits related to positions taken during the current and prior periods were $164 million and $183 million, as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, all of which would reduce our effective tax rate if recognized. within the next twelve months, we believe that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local tax examinations is reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statute of limitations expire.
in 2010, in connection with the expansion of our operations in the asia pacific, middle east and africa region, our subsidiary in singapore, mastercard asia pacific pte. ltd. ("mappl"), received an incentive grant from the singapore ministry of finance.
see note 19 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
49
liquidity and capital resources we rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business and current and potential obligations. the following table summarizes the cash, cash equivalents, investments and credit available to us at december 31:
2018                                                                2017
(in billions)
cash, cash equivalents and investments 1      $8.4              $7.8
unused line of credit                          4.5               3.8
1 investments include available-for-sale securities and short-term held-to-maturity securities.  at december 31, 2018 and 2017, this amount excludes restricted cash related to the u.s. merchant class litigation settlement of $553 million and $546 million, respectively. this amount also excludes restricted security deposits held for customers of $1.1 billion at both december 31, 2018 and 2017.
in 2017, as a result of u.s. tax reform, among other things, we changed our assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings outside the u.s. for certain of our foreign affiliates and recognized a provisional deferred tax liability of $36 million. in 2018, we completed our analysis of global working capital and cash needs. it is our present intention to indefinitely reinvest approximately $0.9 billion of our historic undistributed accumulated earnings associated with certain foreign subsidiaries outside of the u.s. see note 19 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. we guarantee the settlement of many of the transactions between our customers. see note 21 (settlement and other risk management) to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 for a description of these guarantees. historically, payments under these guarantees have not been significant; however, historical trends may not be an indication of potential future losses. the risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, but may also be driven significantly by regional or global economic conditions, including, but not limited to the health of the financial institutions in a country or region.
our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. for additional discussion of these and other risks facing our business, see our risk factor in "risk factors - legal and regulatory risks" in part i, item 1a and note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8; and part ii, item 7 (business environment).
cash flow the table below shows a summary of the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31:
2018                                                        2017                2016
(in millions)
cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities      $6,223              $5,664              $4,637
net cash used in investing activities            (506   )          (1,781   )          (1,163   )
net cash used in financing activities          (4,966   )          (4,764   )          (2,344   )
net cash provided by operating activities increased $559 million in 2018 versus 2017, primarily due to higher net income as adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by deferred payments associated with u.s. tax reform in the prior year and the timing of settlement with customers. net cash provided by operating activities in 2017 versus 2016, increased by $1.0 billion, primarily due to higher net income as adjusted for non-cash items and deferred payments associated with u.s. tax reform.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $1.3 billion in 2018 versus 2017, primarily due to 2017 acquisitions. net cash used in investing activities increased $618 million in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to 2017 acquisitions and investments in nonmarketable equity investments, partially offset by higher net proceeds of investment securities.
net cash used in financing activities increased $202 million in 2018 versus 2017, primarily due to higher repurchases of our class a common stock and dividends paid, partially offset by the proceeds from debt issued in the current year. net cash used in financing activities increased $2.4 billion in 2017 versus 2016, primarily due to proceeds from debt issued in 2016, higher repurchases of our class a common stock and dividends paid.
50
the table below shows a summary of select balance sheet data at december 31:
2018                                    2017
(in millions)
balance sheet data:
current assets            $16,171             $13,797
current liabilities        11,593               8,793
long-term liabilities       7,778               6,968
equity                      5,418               5,497
we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, our cash flow generating capabilities, our borrowing capacity and our access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy our future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations and potential obligations.
debt and credit availability in february 2018, we issued $500 million principal amount of notes due in 2028 and an additional $500 million principal amount of notes due in 2048. our total debt outstanding (including the current portion) was $6.3 billion and $5.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, with the earliest maturity of $500 million of principal occurring in april 2019.
as of december 31, 2018, we have a commercial paper program (the "commercial paper program"), under which we are authorized to issue up to $4.5 billion in outstanding notes, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. in conjunction with the commercial paper program, we have a committed unsecured $4.5 billion revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") which expires in november 2023.
borrowings under the commercial paper program and the credit facility are to provide liquidity for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity in the event of one or more settlement failures by our customers. in addition, we may borrow and repay amounts under these facilities for business continuity purposes. we had no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program or the credit facility at december 31, 2018 and 2017.
in march 2018, we filed a universal shelf registration statement (replacing a previously filed shelf registration statement that was set to expire) to provide additional access to capital, if needed. pursuant to the shelf registration statement, we may from time to time offer to sell debt securities, guarantees of debt securities, preferred stock, class a common stock, depository shares, purchase contracts, units or warrants in one or more offerings.
see note 14 (debt) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion on our debt, the commercial paper program and the credit facility.
dividends and share repurchases we have historically paid quarterly dividends on our outstanding class a common stock and class b common stock. subject to legally available funds, we intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend. however, the declaration and payment of future dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, available cash and current and anticipated cash needs. the following table summarizes the annual, per share dividends paid in the years reflected:
years ended december 31,
2018                                         2017                    2016
(in millions, except per share data)
cash dividend, per share       $1.00                   $0.88                   $0.76
cash dividends paid           $1,044                    $942                    $837
on december 4, 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.33 per share paid on february 8, 2019 to holders of record on january 9, 2019 of our class a common stock and class b common stock. the aggregate amount of this dividend was $340 million.
51
on february 5, 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.33 per share payable on may 9, 2019 to holders of record on april 9, 2019 of our class a common stock and class b common stock. the aggregate amount of this dividend is estimated to be $339 million.
repurchased shares of our common stock are considered treasury stock. the timing and actual number of additional shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the operating needs of the business, legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. in december 2018, 2017 and 2016, our board of directors approved share repurchase programs authorizing us to repurchase up to $6.5 billion, $4 billion and $4 billion, respectively, of our class a common stock. the program approved in 2018 became effective in january 2019 after completion of the share repurchase program authorized in 2017. the following table summarizes our share repurchase authorizations of our class a common stock through december 31, 2018, under the plans approved in 2018, 2017 and 2016:
(in millions, except per share data)
board authorization                                                $14,500
remaining authorization at december 31, 2017                        $5,234
dollar-value of shares repurchased in 2018                          $4,933
remaining authorization at december 31, 2018                        $6,801
shares repurchased in 2018                                            26.2
average price paid per share in 2018                               $188.26
see note 15 (stockholders' equity) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt, other than lease arrangements and other commitments as presented in the future obligations table that follows.
52
future obligations the following table summarizes our obligations as of december 31, 2018 that are expected to impact liquidity and cash flow in future periods. we believe we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and our cash balances.
payments due by period total                2019              2020 - 2021           2022 - 2023            2024 and thereafter
(in millions)
debt                                        $6,389                $500                  $650                   $801                      $4,438
interest on debt                             2,072                 166                   323                    288                       1,295
capital leases                                   8                   4                     4                      -                           -
operating leases                               676                  72                   151                    126                         327
other obligations 1
sponsorship, licensing and other 2             691                 350                   279                     62                           -
employee benefits 3                            273                  72                    49                     46                         106
transition tax 4                               509                   -                    47                    156                         306
redeemable non-controlling interests 5          73                   -                    73                      -                           -
total 6                                    $10,691              $1,164                $1,576                 $1,479                      $6,472
1 the table does not include the $1.6 billion provision as of december 31, 2018 related to litigation as the timing of payments is not fixed and determinable. see note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion. the table also does not include the $219 million accrual as of december 31, 2018 related to the contingent consideration attributable to acquisitions made in 2017, which is pending our final assessment in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement. this payment is expected to be completed in 2019. see note 7 (fair value and investment securities) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
2 amounts primarily relate to sponsorships to promote the mastercard brand. future cash payments that will become due to our customers under agreements which provide pricing rebates on our standard fees and other incentives in exchange for transaction volumes are not included in the table because the amounts due are contingent on future performance. we have accrued $4.1 billion as of december 31, 2018 related to customer and merchant agreements.
3 amounts relate to severance liabilities along with expected funding requirements for defined benefit pension and postretirement plans.
4 amounts relate to the u.s. tax liability on the transition tax on accumulated non-u.s. earnings of u.s entities. see note 19 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
5 amount relates to the fixed-price put option for the vocalink remaining shareholders to sell their ownership interest to mastercard on the third and fifth anniversaries of the transaction and quarterly thereafter. see note 2 (acquisitions) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
6 we have recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $164 million at december 31, 2018. within the next twelve months, we believe that the resolution of certain federal, foreign and state and local examinations are reasonably possible and that a change in estimate, reducing unrecognized tax benefits, may occur. it is not possible to provide a range of the potential change until the examinations progress further or the related statute of limitations expire. these amounts have been excluded from the table since the settlement period of this liability cannot be reasonably estimated. the timing of these payments will ultimately depend on the progress of tax examinations with the various authorities.
53
seasonality we do not experience meaningful seasonality. no individual quarter in 2018, 2017 or 2016 accounted for more than 30% of net revenue.
critical accounting estimates the application of gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect our reported financial condition. we have established detailed policies and control procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the methods used to make estimates and assumptions are well controlled and are applied consistently from period to period. the accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to our financial statements. an accounting estimate is considered critical if both (a) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (b) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to our financial condition. senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. our significant accounting policies, including recent accounting pronouncements, are described in note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
revenue recognition application of the various accounting principles in gaap related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates.  specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. domestic assessment revenue requires an estimate of our customers' performance in order to recognize this revenue. rebates and incentives are recorded as a reduction to gross revenue based on these estimates. we consider various factors in estimating customer performance, including a review of specific transactions, historical experience with that customer and market and economic conditions. differences between actual results and our estimates are adjusted in the period the customer reports actual performance. if our customers' actual performance is not consistent with our estimates of their performance, net revenue may be materially different.
loss contingencies we are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. we regularly review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure. if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal and regulatory process in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes. see note 20 (legal and regulatory proceedings) to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further discussion.
income taxes in calculating our effective income tax rate, we need to make estimates regarding the timing and amount of taxable and deductible items which will adjust the pretax income earned in various tax jurisdictions. through our interpretation of local tax regulations, adjustments to pretax income for income earned in various tax jurisdictions are reflected within various tax filings. although we believe that our estimates and judgments discussed herein are reasonable, actual results may be materially different than the estimated amounts.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. significant judgment is required in determining the valuation allowance. we consider projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. if it is determined that we are able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of the net carrying value or to the extent we are unable to realize a deferred tax asset, we would adjust the valuation allowance in the period in which such a determination is made, with a corresponding increase or decrease to earnings.
we record tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, which may not be sustained or may only be partially sustained, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. we consider all relevant facts and current authorities in the tax law in assessing whether any benefit resulting from an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
54
and, if so, how current law impacts the amount reflected within these financial statements. if upon examination, we realize a tax benefit which is not fully sustained or is more favorably sustained, this would decrease or increase earnings in the period. in certain situations, we will have offsetting tax credits or taxes in other jurisdictions.
deferred taxes are established on the estimated foreign exchange gains or losses for foreign earnings that are not considered permanently reinvested, which will be recognized through cumulative translation adjustments as incurred. ultimately, the working capital requirements of foreign affiliates will determine the amount of cash to be remitted from respective jurisdictions.
valuation of assets the valuation of assets acquired in a business combination and asset impairment reviews require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to estimate the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree to properly allocate purchase price consideration. impairment testing for assets, other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, requires the allocation of cash flows to those assets or group of assets and if required, an estimate of fair value for the assets or group of assets.
we evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level utilizing a quantitative assessment. we use market capitalization for estimating the fair value of our reporting unit. if the fair value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill is not impaired. if the carrying value exceeds the fair value, then goodwill is impaired and the excess of the reporting unit's carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment charge.
the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a qualitative assessment to evaluate all relevant events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets.  in performing these qualitative assessments, we consider relevant events and conditions, including but not limited to, macroeconomic trends, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, cost factors, company-specific events, and legal and regulatory factors. if the qualitative assessments indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is less than their carrying amounts, we must perform a quantitative impairment test.
our estimates in the valuation of these assets are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. these valuations require the use of management's assumptions, which would not reflect unanticipated events and circumstances that may occur.
55
