item 1a. risk factors.
you should read the following risk factors carefully when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters described in this annual report on form 10-k. while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance or financial condition in the future.
we operate in a highly competitive industry and could be adversely affected if we do not effectively execute our strategy and timely respond to pricing and other competitive pressures.
the food and snacking industry is highly competitive. our principal competitors include food, snack and beverage companies that operate in multiple geographic areas and numerous local and regional companies. if we do not effectively respond to challenges from our competitors, our business could be adversely affected.
competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to new distribution channels and technological developments and may require that we reduce our prices. these pressures may also restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. failure to effectively and timely assess new or developing trends, technological advancements or changes in distribution methods and set proper pricing or effective trade incentives may negatively impact our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or value-producing opportunities. the rapid emergence of new distribution channels, such as e-commerce, may disrupt our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. we may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. these expenditures may not be successful, including those related to our e-commerce and other technology-focused efforts, and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, if we reduce prices or our costs increase but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset those changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer.
in september 2018, we announced our new strategy, which focuses on accelerating consumer-centric and volume-driven growth, operational excellence driven by cost discipline and continuous operational improvement including in areas like sales execution, and building a winning growth culture with a "local first" commercial approach. if we do not achieve these objectives, effectively implement our strategy in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business or effectively adjust our culture to this change in strategy, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand image and health is essential to our business success.
our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance the health of our brands' equity, launch our brands in new geographies, expand into new distribution platforms, including e-commerce, and evolve our brands with new product offerings that meet consumer expectations.
we seek to strengthen our brands through product renovation, innovation and marketing investments, including consumer-relevant advertising and consumer promotions. failure to effectively address the continuing global focus on well-being, changing consumer acceptance of certain ingredients, nutritional expectations of our products, and the sustainability of our ingredients and our packaging could adversely affect our brands' health. increased attention from the media, shareholders, activists and other stakeholders in these areas as well as on the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image. undue caution or inaction on our part in addressing these challenges and trends could weaken our competitive position. such pressures could also lead to stricter regulations and increased focus on food and snacking marketing practices. increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our labeling, advertising and consumer promotions, or our response to those restrictions, could limit our efforts to maintain, extend and expand our brands. moreover, adverse publicity or regulatory or legal action against us on product quality and safety, where we manufacture our products, antitrust, bribery and corruption, or environmental risks or human and workplace rights across our supply chain could damage our reputation and brand health. such actions could undermine our customers' and shareholders' confidence and reduce demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or these matters are immaterial to our operations. our product sponsorship relationships, including those with celebrity spokespersons or group affiliations, could also subject us to negative publicity.
in addition, our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand image depends on our ability to anticipate change and adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online, digital and mobile dissemination of marketing and advertising campaigns and the increasing accessibility and speed of dissemination of information. a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions limit how and to whom we market our products. these restrictions may limit our brand renovation, innovation and promotion plans, particularly as social media and the communications environment continue to evolve. negative posts or comments about us or our brands on social media or web sites (whether factual or not) or security breaches related to use of our social media and failure to respond effectively to these posts, comments or activities could damage our reputation and brand image across the various regions in which we operate. in addition, we might fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands, our marketing efforts might not achieve desired results and we might be required to recognize impairment charges on our brands or related intangible assets or goodwill. furthermore, third parties may sell counterfeit or imitation versions of our products that are inferior or pose safety risks. if consumers confuse these counterfeit products for our products or have a bad experience with the counterfeit brand, they might refrain from purchasing our brands in the future, which could harm our brand image and sales. if we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand health, then our brands, product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we must correctly predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes.
consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. our success depends on our ability to predict, identify and interpret the tastes, dietary habits, packaging, sales channel and other preferences of consumers around the world and to offer products that appeal to these preferences in the places and ways consumers want to shop. there may be shifts in the relative size of shopping channels in addition to the increasing role of e-commerce for consumers. our success relies upon managing this complexity to bring our products to consumers effectively. moreover, weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or other factors, such as severe weather events, could affect consumer preferences and demand. if we do not offer products that appeal to consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products, we will not be able to meet our growth targets, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer.
we must distinguish between short-term fads and trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. if we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences or category trends will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those changing preferences, our sales could decline. in addition, because of our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumer needs, including with respect to when and how consumers snack and their desire for premium or value offerings, provide an array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences and use data-driven marketing and advertising to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. if we fail to expand our product offerings successfully across product categories, rapidly develop products in faster growing and more profitable categories or reach consumers in efficient and effective ways leveraging data and analytics, demand for our products could decrease and our profitability could suffer.
prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health, environmental and social implications of certain food products and ingredients could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. for example, consumers have increasingly focused on well-being, including reducing sodium and added sugar consumption, as well as the source and authenticity of the foods they consume. contemporizing our brand portfolio by developing more well-being products and refining their ingredient and nutrition profiles of existing products is critical to our growth. in addition, consumer preferences differ by region, and we must monitor and adjust our use of ingredients to respond to these regional preferences. we might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to risks from operating globally.
we are a global company and generated 75.3% of our 2018 net revenues, 75.8% of our 2017 net revenues and 75.6% of our 2016 net revenues outside the united states. we manufacture and market our products in over 150 countries and have operations in more than 80 countries. therefore, we are subject to risks inherent in global operations. those risks include:
•   compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, including anti-bribery laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa");
•   the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities like cocoa, potential changes in u.s. trade programs and trade relations with other countries, or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales or profitability;
•   compliance with antitrust and competition laws, trade laws, data privacy laws, anti-bribery laws, and a variety of other local, national and multinational regulations and laws in multiple regimes;
•   currency devaluations or fluctuations in currency values, including in developing markets such as argentina, brazil, china, mexico, russia, turkey, egypt, nigeria, ukraine and south africa as well as in developed markets such as the united kingdom and other countries within the european union. this includes events like applying highly inflationary accounting as we did for our argentinean subsidiaries beginning in july 2018;
•   changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies such as demonetization in india or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product into various countries or repatriate cash from outside the united states;
•   increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit ratings of governments, particularly in our latin america and amea regions;
•   changes in local regulations and laws, the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in non-u.s. jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources;
•   varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights;
•   discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies;
•   greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; and
•   design, implementation and use of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base.
in addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, travel or immigration restrictions, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political uncertainties, including inaccuracies in our assumptions about these factors, could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. high unemployment or the slowdown in economic growth in some markets could constrain consumer spending. declining consumer purchasing power could result in loss of market share and adversely impact our profitability. continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries or the dynamics and uncertainties associated with the united kingdom's planned exit from the european union ("brexit") could have a negative effect on our business. (see below and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial outlook for more information on brexit.)
all of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long term.
tax matters, including changes in tax laws and rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
in december 2017, the united states enacted tax reform legislation ("u.s. tax reform"). the legislation implements many new u.s. domestic and international tax provisions. many aspects of u.s. tax reform remain unclear, and although additional clarifying guidance is expected to be issued (by the internal revenue service ("irs"), the u.s. treasury department or via a technical correction law change), it may not be clarified for some time. in addition, a number of u.s. states have not yet updated their laws to take into account the new federal legislation. as a result, there may be further impacts of the new law on our results of operations and financial condition. it is possible that u.s. tax reform, or interpretations under it, could change and could have an adverse effect on us, and such effect could be material.
in addition, foreign jurisdictions may enact tax legislation that could significantly affect our ongoing operations. for example, foreign tax authorities could impose rate changes along with additional corporate tax provisions that would disallow or tax perceived base erosion or profit shifting payments or subject us to new types of taxes such as digital taxes. aspects of u.s. tax reform may lead foreign jurisdictions to respond by enacting additional tax legislation that is unfavorable to us.
adverse changes in the underlying profitability or financial outlook of our operations in several jurisdictions could lead to changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets and result in a charge to our income tax provision. additionally, changes in tax laws in the u.s. or in other countries where we have significant operations could materially affect deferred tax assets and liabilities and our income tax provision.
we are also subject to tax audits by governmental authorities. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties. unexpected results from one or more such tax audits could significantly adversely affect our income tax provision and our results of operations.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks.
our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others brazil, china, india, mexico, russia, argentina, the middle east, africa, southeast asia and ukraine. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries, particularly those with emerging economies, engaging in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the u.k. bribery act, or local anti-bribery laws may be more common. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers improve and expand their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to achieving our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us.
we use information technology and third party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations such as manufacturing and distribution; communicating with our suppliers, customers and employees; maintaining effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; executing mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services important to conducting our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions.
continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware, including a malware incident in june 2017 that affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks (the "malware incident") (see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - significant items affecting comparability - malware incident); other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service attacks; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. our use of new and emerging technologies such as cloud-based services and mobile applications continues to evolve, presenting new and additional risks in managing access to our data, relying on third-parties to manage and safeguard data, ensuring access to our systems and availability of third-party systems.
cybersecurity breaches of our or third party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks such as hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. when risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third-party service providers and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might increase challenges and costs to resolve related issues. additionally, if new initiatives, such as those related to e-commerce and direct sales, increase the amount of confidential information that we process and maintain, it could increase our potential exposure from a cybersecurity breach. if our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third-party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property and damage to our reputation or brands.
we continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data, such as advanced email protection to reduce the likelihood of credential thefts and electronic fraud attempts. we also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on the updated threat. however, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. due to the constantly evolving and complex nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly.
we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations, and we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of european union law and became effective in may 2018, adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data including the public disclosure of significant data breaches, and imposes substantial penalties for non-compliance of up to the greater of
€20 million or 4% of global annual revenue for the preceding financial year. our efforts to comply with gdpr and other privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
unanticipated business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers.
we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we utilize an integrated supply chain - a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks, shared service delivery centers and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages, fire, explosions, terrorism, political unrest, cybersecurity breaches, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, their suppliers or our co-manufacturers. if we do not effectively plan for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key or sole manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers such as occurred in connection with the malware incident (see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - significant items affecting comparability - malware incident), and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. if a material or extended disruption occurs, we may lose our customers' or business partners' confidence or suffer damage to our reputation, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. in addition, we might not have the functions, processes or organizational capability necessary to achieve on our anticipated timeframes our strategic ambition to reconfigure our supply chain and continue to drive efficiencies to fuel growth. further, our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, significant changes in trade policies, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory restrictions or labor-related constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate. these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations.
at december 31, 2018, we sold our products in over 150 countries and had operations in more than 80 countries. consequently, a significant portion of our business is exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. our financial results and capital ratios are sensitive to movements in currency exchange rates because a large portion of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses must be translated into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes or converted into u.s. dollars to service obligations such as our u.s. dollar-denominated indebtedness and to pay dividends to our shareholders. in addition, movements in currency exchange rates can affect transaction costs because we source product ingredients from various countries. we seek to mitigate our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily on cross-currency transactions, but our efforts may not be successful. we hedge a number of risks including exposures to foreign exchange rate movements and volatility of interest rates that could impact our future borrowing costs. hedging of these risks could potentially subject us to counter-party credit risk. in addition, local economies, monetary policies and currency hedging availability can affect our ability to hedge against currency-related economic losses. we might not be able to successfully mitigate our exposure to currency risks due to factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, inflation and limited hedging opportunities. accordingly, changes in the currency exchange rates that we use to translate our results into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes or for transactions involving multiple currencies could materially and adversely affect future demand for our products, our financial condition and results of operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and employees in the short or long-term.
commodity and other input prices are volatile and may increase or decrease significantly or availability of commodities may become constrained.
we purchase and use large quantities of commodities, including cocoa, dairy, wheat, palm and other vegetable oils, sugar and other sweeteners, flavoring agents and nuts. in addition, we purchase and use significant quantities of product packaging materials, natural gas, fuel and electricity for our factories and warehouses, and we also incur expenses in connection with the transportation and delivery of our products. prices for raw materials, other supplies and services and energy are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict. these conditions include global competition for resources, currency fluctuations, geopolitical conditions or conflicts, tariffs or other trade barriers, severe weather, the potential longer-term consequences of climate change on agricultural productivity, crop disease or pests, water risk, health pandemics, consumer or industrial demand, and changes in governmental trade, alternative energy and agricultural programs. increasing focus on climate change, deforestation, water, plastic waste, animal welfare and human rights concerns and other risks associated with the global food system may lead to increased government intervention and consumer or activist responses, and could adversely affect our or our suppliers' reputation and business and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. some of the commodities we purchase are grown by smallholder farmers, and they might lack the capacity to invest to increase productivity or adapt to changing conditions. although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases, we cannot fully hedge against changes in commodity costs, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. continued volatility in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase or changes in the types of commodities we purchase as we continue to evolve our product and packaging portfolio could increase or decrease the costs of our products, and our profitability could suffer as a result. moreover, increases in the price of our products, including increases to cover higher input, packaging and transportation costs, may result in lower sales volumes, while decreases in input costs could require us to lower our prices and thereby affect our revenues, profits or margins. likewise, constraints in the supply or availability of key commodities, including necessary services such as transportation, may limit our ability to grow our net revenues and earnings. if our mitigation activities are not effective, if we are unable to price to cover increased costs or must reduce our prices, or if we are limited by supply or distribution constraints, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
complying with changes in and inconsistencies among laws and regulations in many countries in which we operate could increase our costs.
our activities throughout the world are highly regulated and subject to government oversight. various laws and regulations govern food production, packaging, storage, distribution, sales, advertising, labeling and marketing, as well as licensing, trade, labor, tax and environmental matters, privacy, and health and safety practices. government authorities regularly change laws and regulations as well as their interpretations. our compliance with new or revised laws and regulations or the interpretation and application of existing laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. for instance, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by the regulatory and economic impact of changes in taxation and trade relations among the united states and other countries, including a new united states-mexico-canada agreement, china or changes in the european union such as brexit.
we continue to monitor brexit and its potential impacts on our results of operations and financial condition. volatility in foreign currencies is expected to continue as the united kingdom executes its exit from the european union. if the united kingdom's membership in the european union terminates in march 2019 without an agreement, there could be increased costs from re-imposition of tariffs on trade between the united kingdom and european union, shipping delays because of the need for customs inspections and procedures and shortages of certain goods. the united kingdom will also need to negotiate its own tax and trade treaties with countries all over the world, which could take years to complete. this potential scenario is usually referred to as a "hard brexit." in the case of a hard brexit, our exposure to disruptions to our supply chain, the imposition of tariffs and currency devaluation in the u.k. could result in a material impact to our consolidated revenue, earnings and cash flow. in 2018, we generated 8.6% of our net revenues in the united kingdom and our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. (see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial outlook for more information on brexit.)
we may be unable to hire or retain and develop key personnel or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce or manage changes in our workforce.
we must hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. we compete to hire new personnel with a variety of capabilities in the many countries in which we manufacture and market our products and then to develop and retain their skills and competencies. unplanned turnover, failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities such as e-commerce and digital marketing skills, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or to hire and retain a workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. changes in our operating model and business processes, including building a winning growth culture, implementing our "local first" commercial approach, utilizing our global shared services capability and reconfiguring our supply chain, could lead to operational challenges, increased competition for employees with the skills we require to achieve our business goals and higher employee turnover, including of employees with key capabilities. failure to achieve a more diverse workforce and leadership team, compensate our employees competitively and fairly or maintain a safe and inclusive environment could affect our reputation and also result in lower performance and an inability to retain valuable employees.
we might be unable to manage appropriately changes in, or that affect, our workforce or satisfy the legal requirements associated with how we manage and compensate our employees. this includes our management of employees represented by labor unions or workers' councils, who represent approximately 60% of our 68,000 employees outside the united states and approximately 28% of our 12,000 u.s. employees. strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest by our employees or those of our suppliers or distributors, or situations like the renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements that expired in february 2016 and that cover eight u.s. facilities, could cause disruptions to our supply chain, manufacturing or distribution processes. changes in immigration laws and policies, including in connection with brexit, could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees.
these risks could materially and adversely affect our reputation, ability to meet the needs of our customers, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
our retail customers are consolidating and we must leverage our value proposition in order to compete against retailer and other economy brands.
retail customers, such as supermarkets, discounters, e-commerce merchants, warehouse clubs and food distributors in the european union, the united states and other major markets, continue to consolidate, form buying alliances or be acquired by new entrants in the food retail market, resulting in fewer, larger customers. large retail customers and customer alliances can delist our products or reduce the shelf space allotted to our products and demand lower pricing, increased promotional programs or longer payment terms. retail customers might also adopt these tactics in their dealings with us in response to the significant growth in online retailing for consumer products, which is outpacing the growth of traditional retail channels. the continued growth of e-commerce and the increasing prevalence of business-to-business e-commerce could lead to further consolidation as these new suppliers enhance their regional and local distribution networks in order to achieve national distribution capability. in addition, larger retail customers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. our products must provide higher quality or value to our consumers than the less expensive alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. consumers may not buy our products if consumers perceive little difference between the quality or value of our products and those of retailer or other economy brands. if consumers switch to purchasing or otherwise prefer the retailer or other economy brands, then we could lose market share or sales volumes, or we may need to shift our product mix to lower margin offerings.
retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers' business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material adverse effect on us. for example, if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing, then they may delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products, or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases.
if we do not effectively respond to retail consolidation, increasing retail power and competition from retailer and other economy brands, our reputation, brands, product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we are subject to changes in our relationships with significant customers, suppliers or distributors.
during 2018, our five largest customers accounted for 16.8% of our net revenues. there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing and develop their own brands. the loss of or disruptions related to significant customers could result in a material reduction in sales or change in the mix of products we sell to a significant customer. this could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, disputes with significant suppliers or distributors, including disputes related to pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply or deliver products to our customers or operate our business and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we may decide or be required to recall products or be subjected to product liability claims.
we could decide, or laws or regulations could require us, to recall products due to suspected or confirmed deliberate or unintentional product contamination, including contamination of ingredients we use in our products that third parties supply, spoilage or other adulteration, product mislabeling or product tampering. in addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in this category. any of these events could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we may also suffer losses if our products or operations or those of our suppliers violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our or our suppliers' products cause injury, illness or death. in addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. a significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory enforcement action, a widespread product recall or attempts to manipulate us based on threats related to the safety of our products could materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brands, product sales, product inventory, financial condition and results of operations.
we could be subject to legal or tax claims or other regulatory enforcement actions.
we are a large snack food company operating in highly regulated environments and constantly evolving legal, tax and regulatory frameworks around the world. consequently, we are subject to greater risk of litigation, legal or tax claims, or other regulatory enforcement actions. there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate policies and procedures we have implemented to promote compliance with existing laws and regulations. moreover, a failure to maintain effective control environment processes, including in connection with our global shared services capability, could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. litigation, legal or tax claims, or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or controls, could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not successfully identify, complete or manage strategic transactions.
we regularly evaluate a variety of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, equity method investments and other strategic alliances that could further our strategic business objectives. we may not successfully identify, complete or manage the risks presented by these strategic transactions. our success depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable transactions; negotiate favorable contractual terms; comply with applicable regulations and receive necessary consents, clearances and approvals (including regulatory and antitrust clearances and approvals); integrate or separate businesses; realize the full extent of the benefits, cost savings or synergies presented by strategic transactions; effectively implement control environment processes with employees joining us as a result of a transaction; minimize adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; achieve accurate estimates of fair value; minimize potential loss of customers or key employees; and minimize indemnities and potential disputes with buyers, sellers and strategic partners. in addition, execution or oversight of strategic transactions may result in the diversion of management attention from our existing business and may present financial, managerial and operational risks.
with respect to acquisitions and joint ventures in particular, we are also exposed to potential risks based on our ability to conform standards, controls, policies and procedures, and business cultures; consolidate and streamline operations and infrastructures; identify and eliminate, as appropriate, redundant and underperforming operations and assets; manage inefficiencies associated with the integration of operations; and coordinate timely and ongoing compliance with antitrust and competition laws in the united states, the european union and other jurisdictions. joint ventures and similar strategic alliances pose additional risks, as we share ownership in both public and private companies and in some cases management responsibilities with one or more other parties whose objectives for the alliance may diverge from ours over time, who may not have the same priorities, strategies or resources as we do, or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own. transactions or ventures into which we enter might not meet our financial and non-financial control and compliance expectations or yield the anticipated benefits. depending on the nature of the business ventures, including whether they operate globally, these ventures could also be subject to many of the same risks we are, including political, economic, regulatory and compliance risks, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and volatility of commodity and other input prices. either partner might fail to recognize an alliance relationship that could expose the business to higher risk or make the venture not as productive as expected.
furthermore, we may not be able to complete, on terms favorable to us, desired or proposed divestitures of businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or our growth or profitability targets. our divestiture activities, or related activities such as reorganizations, restructuring programs and transformation initiatives, may require us to recognize impairment charges or to take action to reduce costs that remain after we complete a divestiture. gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may also affect our profitability.
any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we could fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting.
the accuracy of our financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. these limitations include, among others, the possibility of human error, inadequacy or circumvention of controls and fraud. if we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or design and implement controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of our financial statements, including in connection with controls executed for us by third parties, we might fail to timely detect any misappropriation of corporate assets or inappropriate allocation or use of funds and could be unable to file accurate financial reports on a timely basis. as a result, our reputation, results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected.
weak financial performance, downgrades in our credit ratings, illiquid global capital markets and volatile global economic conditions could limit our access to the global capital markets, reduce our liquidity and increase our borrowing costs.
we access the long-term and short-term global capital markets to obtain financing. our financial performance, our short-and long-term debt credit ratings, interest rates, the stability of financial institutions with which we partner, the liquidity of the overall global capital markets and the state of the global economy, including the food industry, could affect our access to, and the availability or cost of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions and our ability to pay dividends in the future. there can be no assurance that we will have access to the global capital markets on terms we find acceptable.
we regularly access the commercial paper markets in the united states and europe for ongoing funding requirements. a downgrade in our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our ability to issue commercial paper. disruptions in the global commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the global credit markets also could reduce the amount of commercial paper that we could issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings.
limitations on our ability to access the global capital markets, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
volatility in the equity markets, interest rates, our participation in multiemployer pension plans and other factors could increase our costs relating to our employees' pensions.
we sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans for our employees throughout the world and also contribute toward our employees' pensions under defined benefit plans that we do not sponsor. at the end of 2018, the projected benefit obligation of the defined benefit pension plans we sponsor was $11.1 billion and plan assets were $10.0 billion.
for defined benefit pension plans that we maintain, the difference between plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the plans, significantly affects the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. our largest funded defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of investments, including equities and corporate and government debt. among other factors, changes in interest rates, mortality rates, early retirement rates, investment returns, funding requirements in the jurisdictions in which the plans operate and the market value of plan assets can affect the level of plan funding, cause volatility in the net periodic pension cost and increase our future funding requirements. legislative and other governmental regulatory actions may also increase funding requirements for our pension plans' benefits obligation. volatility in the global capital markets may increase the risk that we will be required to make additional cash contributions to the pension plans and recognize further increases in our net periodic pension cost.
we also participate in multiemployer pension plans for certain u.s. represented employees. as a participating employer under multiemployer pension plans, we may owe more than the contributions we are required to make under the applicable collective bargaining agreements. for example, if we partially or completely withdraw from a multiemployer pension plan, we may be required to pay a partial or complete withdrawal liability. this withdrawal liability will generally increase if there is also a mass withdrawal of other participating employers or if the plan terminates. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the bakery and confectionery union and industry international pension fund (the "fund"). we estimated a withdrawal liability of $573 million, which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the fund. we anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. we expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment. in 2018, we recorded a $423 million discounted liability and $6 million of accrued interest to date and related charges in earnings. see note 10, benefit plans, to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our multiemployer pension plans.
a significant increase in our pension benefit obligations or funding requirements could curtail our ability to invest in the business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our failure to protect our valuable intellectual property rights could reduce the value of our products and brands.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our patents, trade secrets, copyrights and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable part of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by taking advantage of a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in various countries, as well as licensing agreements, third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.
we may be unaware of third party claims of intellectual property infringement relating to our technology, brands or products. any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management's and other key personnel's attention from our business operations. third party claims of intellectual property infringement might require us to pay monetary damages or enter into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to injunctions against development and sale of certain of our products. any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products, product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. it should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in forward-looking statements and item 1a, risk factors.
description of the company we make and sell primarily snacks, including biscuits (cookies, crackers and salted snacks), chocolate, gum & candy as well as various cheese & grocery and powdered beverage products. we have operations in more than 80 countries and sell our products in over 150 countries.
we aim to be the global leader in snacking. our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. we believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and our leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, and deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.
significant items affecting comparability keurig dr pepper transaction on july 9, 2018, keurig green mountain, inc. ("keurig") closed on its definitive merger agreement with dr pepper snapple group, inc., and formed keurig dr pepper inc. (nyse: "kdp"), a publicly traded company. following the close of the transaction, our 24.2% investment in keurig together with our shareholder loan receivable became a 13.8% investment in kdp. during the third quarter of 2018, we recorded a preliminary pre-tax gain of $757 million reported as a gain on equity method transaction and $184 million of deferred tax expense reported in the provision for income taxes (or $573 million after-tax gain) related to the change in our ownership interest while kdp finalized the valuation for the transaction. during our fourth quarter of 2018, kdp finalized its opening balance sheet and we increased our pre-tax gain by $21 million (or $13 million after tax) to $778 million (or $586 million after tax) for 2018. we hold two director positions on the kdp board as well as additional governance rights. as we continue to have significant influence, we continue to account for our investment in kdp under the equity method, resulting in recognizing our share of their earnings within our earnings and our share of their dividends within our cash flows. in connection with this transaction, we changed our accounting principle to reflect our share of keurig's historical and kdp's ongoing earnings on a one-quarter lag basis while we continue to record dividends when cash is received. we determined a lag was preferable as it enables us to continue to report our quarterly and annual results on a timely basis and to record our share of kdp's ongoing results once kdp has publicly reported its results. this change in accounting principle was applied retrospectively to all periods. while our operating income did not change, equity method investment net earnings, net earnings and earnings per share have been adjusted to reflect the lag across all reported periods. refer to note 6, equity method investments, for additional information.
u.s. tax reform on december 22, 2017, the united states enacted tax reform legislation ("u.s. tax reform") that included a broad range of business tax provisions, including but not limited to a reduction in the u.s. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% as well as provisions that limit or eliminate various deductions or credits. the legislation also causes u.s. allocated expenses (e.g. interest and general administrative expenses) to be taxed and imposes a new tax on u.s. cross-border payments. furthermore, the legislation includes a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings and profits. while clarifying guidance was issued by the internal revenue service ("irs") during 2018, further tax guidance is expected during 2019.
certain impacts of the new legislation would have generally required accounting to be completed and incorporated into our 2017 year-end financial statements, however in response to the complexities of this new legislation, the sec issued guidance to provide companies with relief. the sec provided up to a one-year window for companies to finalize the accounting for the impacts of this new legislation. we finalized our accounting for the new provisions during the fourth quarter of 2018.
26
the 2018 impact from finalizing the accounting for the new provisions was a discrete net tax expense of $19 million. the $19 million expense in 2018 is primarily comprised of a $60 million expense related to finalizing the changes in our indefinite reinvestment assertion, partially offset by a $38 million decrease to the transition tax estimated as of december 31, 2017. refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the impact of u.s. tax reform.
multiemployer pension plan withdrawal in the united states, we contribute to multiemployer pension plans based on obligations arising from our collective bargaining agreements. in 2017 and 2016, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the bakery and confectionery union and industry international pension fund (the "fund"). our obligation to contribute to the fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the bakery, confectionery, tobacco and grain millers union ("bctgm"). all of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the fund. we estimated a withdrawal liability of $573 million, which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the fund. we anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. we will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. we expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment. during 2018, within our north america segment, we recorded a discounted liability and related charge of $423 million or $316 million net of tax. we determined the net present value of the liability using a risk-free interest rate. we recorded the pre-tax non-cash charges in selling, general and administrative expense (and in other non-cash items, net in the consolidated statement of cash flows) and the liability in long-term other liabilities. during 2018, we also recorded $6 million of accreted interest related to the long-term liability within interest and other expense, net.
malware incident on june 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business. the malware affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution and financial networks. in the last four days of the second quarter and during the third quarter of 2017, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages and restore our systems environment. to date, we have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of company or personal data released externally. we have also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security.
for the second quarter of 2017, we estimated that the malware incident had a negative impact of 2.3% on our net revenue growth and 2.4% on our organic net revenue growth and we also incurred incremental expenses of $7 million as a result of the incident. we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results, although we permanently lost some revenue. on a 2017 full-year basis, we estimated the loss of revenue had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and organic net revenue growth. we also incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. the recovery from the incident was largely resolved by december 31, 2017 and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process and disclosure controls.
summary of results
•   net revenues were approximately $25.9 billion in both 2018 and 2017, an increase of 0.2% in 2018 and a decrease of 0.1% in 2017. in 2018, net revenues grew due to higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. net revenues were also positively affected by the acquisition of a u.s. premium biscuit company, tate's bake shop, in 2018. net revenue growth was negatively affected by the impact of unfavorable currency translation and the impact of several business divestitures that occurred in 2017 which reduced net revenues in 2018 as compared to the prior year. in 2017, net revenues declined driven by several business divestitures that occurred during the year, partially offset by favorable currency translation and the impact of a biscuit acquisition in 2016.
•   organic net revenue increased 2.4% to $26.2 billion in 2018 and increased 0.9% to $25.5 billion in 2017. in 2018, organic net revenue increased as a result of higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. in 2017, organic net revenue increased as a result of higher net pricing partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. organic net revenue is on a constant currency basis and excludes revenue from divestitures and acquisitions. we use organic net revenue as it provides improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying operating results (see the definition of organic net revenue and our reconciliation with net revenues within non-gaap financial measures appearing later in this section).
•   diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international increased 23.2% to $2.28 in 2018 and increased 77.9% to $1.85 in 2017. diluted eps increased in 2018 primarily driven by the after-tax gain on the kdp transaction, favorable year-over-year change in mark-to-market impacts from currency and commodity derivatives, operating gains, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower shares outstanding, increased equity method investment earnings and lower taxes, partially offset by the impact from pension participation changes, lapping the benefit from the resolution of tax matters and lapping a prior-year net gain on divestitures. diluted eps increased in 2017 as prior-year refinancing and higher restructuring activities drove lower interest and overhead costs in 2017. we also recorded benefits from resolving two local indirect tax matters and gains from divesting non-core businesses during 2017. see our discussion and analysis of historical results appearing later in this section for further details.
•   adjusted eps increased 13.6% to $2.43 in 2018 and increased 16.3% to $2.14 in 2017. on a constant currency basis, adjusted eps increased 15.0% to $2.46 in 2018 and increased 15.8% to $2.13 in 2017. for 2018, operating gains, lower shares outstanding, increased equity method investment earnings, lower taxes and lower interest drove the adjusted eps growth. for 2017, operating gains, lower interest expense, increased equity method investment earnings and lower shares outstanding were the significant drivers of adjusted eps growth. adjusted eps and adjusted eps on a constant currency basis are non-gaap financial measures. we use these measures as they provide improved year-over-year comparability of our underlying results (see the definition of adjusted eps and our reconciliation with diluted eps within non-gaap financial measures appearing later in this section).
financial outlook we seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: organic net revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted eps. we use these non-gaap financial metrics and related computations, particularly growth in profit dollars, to evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near-and long-term operating and strategic decisions. as such, we believe these metrics are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") financial results. we believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. we believe our non-gaap financial measures should always be considered in relation to our gaap results. we have provided reconciliations between our gaap and non-gaap financial measures in non-gaap financial measures, which appears later in this section.
in addition to monitoring our key operating metrics, we monitor a number of developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives.
long-term demographics and consumer trends - snack food consumption is highly correlated to gdp growth, urbanization of populations and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. over the long term, we expect these trends to continue leading to growth in consumer behaviors such as more frequent, smaller meals, snacking and greater use of convenience foods. we also recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression and wide participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. to position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation and new routes to market including e-commerce.
demand - we monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. in recent years, low gdp growth, economic recessionary pressures, weak consumer confidence, a historically strong u.s. dollar and changing consumer trends have slowed category growth. we have begun to see improvements in global economic growth and consumer confidence, however, there are still geopolitical and economic uncertainties that may affect category growth, growth in our global snacking categories improved this year to approximately 2.7% in 2018, from 2.1% in 2017 and 2.3% in 2016. as part of our new strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth through leveraging our local-first commercial approach, making additional investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our position across multiple channels. we believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets.
volatility of global markets - our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. see below for a discussion of brexit and argentina, which was designated a highly inflationary economy in 2018. in addition, the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers or similar restrictions on our sales or key commodities and potential changes in u.s. trade programs, trade relations, regulations, taxes or fiscal policies might negatively affect our sales or profitability. to help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs (including hedging) and pricing as well as invest in our brands and new routes to market.
competition - we operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. to grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, agile product innovation and high standards of product quality. we also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions.
pricing - our net revenue growth and profitability may be affected as we adjust prices to address new conditions. we adjust our product prices based on a number of variables including demand, the competitive environment and changes in our product input costs. we generally have increased prices in response to higher commodity costs, currency and other market factors. in 2019, we anticipate changing market conditions to continue to impact pricing.
price changes may affect net revenues or market share in the near term as the market adjusts to changes in input costs and other market conditions.
operating costs - our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts and financing costs. we manage these costs through cost saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing and tax planning. to remain competitive on our operating structure, we continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our simplify to grow program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs.
multiemployer pension plan - in 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the fund. we estimated a withdrawal liability of $573 million, which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the fund. we anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. we will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. we expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment. during 2018, within our north america segment, we recorded a discounted liability and related charge of $423 million or $316 million net of tax.
taxes - in december 2017, the united states enacted u.s. tax reform. the legislation implements many new u.s. domestic and international tax provisions. a year after enactment, some aspects of u.s. tax reform still remain unclear, and although additional clarifying guidance has been issued (by the irs, and the u.s. treasury department), there are still some areas that may not be clarified for some time. also, a number of u.s. states have not yet updated their laws to take into account the new federal legislation. as a result, there may be further impact of the new laws on our future results of operations and financial condition. it is possible that u.s. tax reform, or interpretations under it, could change and could have an adverse effect on us, and such effect could be material.
currency - as a global company with 75.3% of our net revenues generated outside the united states, we are continually exposed to changes in global economic conditions and currency movements. while we hedge significant forecasted currency exchange transactions as well as currency translation impacts from certain net assets of our non-u.s. operations, including the united kingdom, we cannot fully predict or eliminate all adverse impacts arising from changes in currency exchange rates on our consolidated financial results. to partially offset currency translation impacts arising from our overseas operations, we enter into net investment hedges primarily in the form of local currency-denominated debt and cross-currency swaps and other financial instruments. while we work to mitigate our exposure to currency risks, factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities and other factors could lead to unfavorable currency impacts in the future and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. see additional discussion of brexit and argentina below and refer also to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies - currency translation and highly inflationary accounting, and note 9, financial instruments, for additional information on how we manage currency and related risks. as currency movements can make comparison of year-over-year operating performance challenging, we isolate the impact of currency and also report growth on a constant currency basis, holding prior-year currency exchange rates constant, so that prior-year and current-year results can be compared on a consistent basis.
brexit - we continue to monitor brexit and take protective measures in response to the potential impacts on our results of operations and financial condition. our exposure to disruptions to our supply chain, the imposition of tariffs and currency devaluation in the united kingdom could result in a material impact to our consolidated revenue, earnings and cash flow. in 2018, we generated 8.6% of our net revenues in the united kingdom and our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. following the brexit vote in june 2016, there was significant volatility in the global stock markets and currency exchange rates. the value of the british pound sterling relative to the u.s. dollar declined significantly and negatively affected our translated results reported in u.s. dollars. the volatility in foreign currencies is expected to continue as the united kingdom executes its exit from the european union. if the u.k.'s membership in the european union terminates in march 2019 without an agreement ("hard brexit"), there could be increased costs from re-imposition of tariffs on trade between the united kingdom and european union, shipping delays because of the need for customs inspections and procedures and shortages of certain goods. the united kingdom will also need to negotiate its own tax and trade treaties with countries all over the world, which could take years to complete. if the ultimate terms of the u.k.'s separation from the european union negatively impact the u.k. economy or result in disruptions to sales or our supply chain, the impact to our results of operations and financial condition could be material. we are taking measures to increase our resources in customer service & logistics together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the united kingdom to help us manage through the brexit transition and the inherent risks. resulting impacts and market volatility can vary significantly depending on the final terms of the u.k.'s exit agreement from the european union.
argentina - as further discussed in note 1, summary of significant accounting policies - currency translation and highly inflationary accounting, on july 1, 2018, we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for our argentinean subsidiaries. during 2018, we recorded an $11 million remeasurement loss in net earnings related to the devaluation of our argentinean peso denominated net monetary assets from july 1, 2018 through december 31, 2018. the mix of monetary assets and liabilities and the exchange rate to convert argentinean pesos to u.s. dollars could change over time, so it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the argentina highly inflationary accounting on future net earnings.
accounting standards - we adopted a new lease accounting standard on january 1, 2019. the most significant impact is the initial recognition of operating lease right of use assets and lease liabilities on our balance sheet, while our accounting for finance leases (i.e. capital leases) remains substantially unchanged. refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, for more information on the estimated impact of the new lease accounting standard.
financing costs - we regularly evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt. we continue to use low-cost, short- and long-term debt to finance our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures and other investments, dividends and share repurchases. our weighted-average interest rate on our total debt as of december 31, 2018 was 2.3%, up from 2.1% as of december 31, 2017 and up from 2.2% as of december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings in 2018. we expect to use cash and proceeds from debt issuances to finance the $1.2 billion of remaining u.s. tax reform transition tax installments, payable through 2026, and the estimated $573 million multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability payable over 20 years from the date of the final assessment from the fund. we continue to use interest rate swaps and other financial instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate and cash flow variability, protect the value of our existing currency assets and liabilities and protect the value of our debt. we also enter into cross-currency interest rate swaps and forwards to hedge our non-u.s. net investments against adverse movements in exchange rates. in connection with the net investment hedge derivative contracts, we expect a favorable impact on our prospective financing costs as we reduce some of the financing costs and related currency impacts within our interest costs. refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, and note 9, financial instruments, for additional information on our debt and derivative activity.
cybersecurity risks - in 2017, the malware incident impacted our operating systems and results. we continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. we also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. while we have taken a number of security measures to protect our systems and data, security measures cannot provide absolute certainty or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis.
discussion and analysis of historical results items affecting comparability of financial results the following table includes significant income or (expense) items that affected the comparability of our results of operations and our effective tax rates. please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements indicated below for more information. refer also to the consolidated results of operations - net earnings and earnings per share attributable to mondelēz international table for the after-tax per share impacts of these items.
for the years ended december 31, see note                        2018                    2017                    2016
(in millions, except percentages)
gain on equity method investment transactions (1)    note 6                    $778                     $40                     $43
simplify to grow program                             note 7
restructuring charges                                                          (316     )              (535     )              (714     )
implementation charges                                                         (315     )              (257     )              (372     )
gain/(loss) related to interest rate swaps           note 8 &amp; 9              10                       -                     (97     )
loss on debt extinguishment                          note 8                    (140     )               (11     )              (427     )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                         (68     )              (109     )              (137     )
remeasurement of net monetary position                                          (11     )                 -                       -
ceo transition remuneration (3)                                                 (22     )               (14     )                 -
acquisition and divestiture-related costs            note 2
gain on sale of intangible assets                                                 -                       -                      15
acquisition-related costs                                                       (13     )                 -                      (1     )
other acquisition integration costs                                              (3     )                (3     )                (7     )
net gain on divestitures                                                          -                     186                       9
divestiture-related costs                                                         1                     (34     )               (86     )
gains on sales of property                                                        -                       -                      46
mark-to-market gains/(losses) from derivatives       note 9                     142                     (96     )               (94     )
impact from resolution of tax matters                note 13                     11                     281                       -
impact from pension participation changes            note 10                   (429     )                 -                       -
malware incident incremental expenses                                             -                     (84     )                 -
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax (expense)/benefit   note 15                    (19     )                44                       -
effective tax rate                                   note 15                   27.2     %              21.3     %               7.8     %
(1)   the gain on equity method investment transactions is recorded outside pre-tax operating results on the consolidated statement of earnings.
(2)   refer to our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 for more information on prior-year intangible asset impairment charges.
(3)   please see the non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item for additional information.
32
consolidated results of operations the following discussion compares our consolidated results of operations for 2018 with 2017 and 2017 with 2016.
2018 compared with 2017
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                  2017                                 $ change           % change
(in millions, except per share data)
net revenues                                                          $25,938                 $25,896                     $42               0.2      %
operating income                                                        3,312                   3,462                    (150     )        (4.3     )%
earnings from continuing operations                                     3,395                   2,842                     553              19.5      %
net earnings attributable to mondelēz international                     3,381                   2,828                     553              19.6      %
diluted earnings per share attributable to mondelēz international        2.28         1.85                               0.43              23.2      %
net revenues - net revenues increased $42 million (0.2%) to $25,938 million in 2018, and organic net revenue (1) increased $603 million (2.4%) to $26,229 million. power brands net revenues increased 2.0%, including an unfavorable currency impact, and power brands organic net revenue increased 3.2%. emerging markets net revenues decreased 0.5%, including an unfavorable currency impact, and emerging markets organic net revenue increased 5.7%. the underlying changes in net revenues and organic net revenue are detailed below:
2018
change in net revenues (by percentage point)
total change in net revenues                             0.2   %
add back the following items affecting comparability:
unfavorable currency                                     1.4   pp impact of acquisition                                   (0.2   )pp impact of divestitures                                   1.0   pp total change in organic net revenue (1)                  2.4   %
higher net pricing                                       1.3   pp favorable volume/mix                                     1.1   pp
(1)   please see the non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item.
net revenue increase of 0.2% was driven by our underlying organic net revenue growth of 2.4% and the impact of an acquisition, mostly offset by unfavorable currency and the impact of divestitures. our underlying organic net revenue growth was driven by higher net pricing and favorable volume/mix. net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018. higher net pricing was reflected in latin america, amea and north america, partially offset by lower net pricing in europe. favorable volume/mix was reflected in europe and amea, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in latin america and north america. the june 7, 2018 acquisition of a u.s. premium biscuit company, tate's bake shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. unfavorable currency impacts decreased net revenues by $343 million, due primarily to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several other currencies, including the argentinean peso, brazilian real, russian ruble, indian rupee and turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound sterling and chinese yuan. the impact of divestitures that occurred in 2017 resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $270 million. refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information.
33
operating income - operating income decreased $150 million (4.3%) to $3,312 million in 2018, adjusted operating income (1) increased $202 million (4.9%) to $4,321 million and adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis (1) increased $257 million (6.2%) to $4,376 million due to the following:
operating           change income
(in millions)
operating income for the year ended december 31, 2017                         $3,462
simplify to grow program (2)                                                     777
intangible asset impairment charges (3)                                          109
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (4)                                        96
malware incident incremental expenses                                             84
acquisition integration costs (5)                                                  3
divestiture-related costs (5)                                                     31
operating income from divestitures (5)                                           (61      )
net gain on divestitures (5)                                                    (186      )
impact from resolution of tax matters (6)                                       (209      )
ceo transition remuneration (1)                                                   14
other/rounding                                                                    (1      )
adjusted operating income (1) for the year ended december 31, 2017            $4,119
higher net pricing                                                               332
higher input costs                                                               (42      )
favorable volume/mix                                                              43
higher selling, general and administrative expenses                              (83      )
vat-related settlement in 2018                                                    21
property insurance recovery in 2017                                              (27      )
impact from acquisition (7)                                                        7
other                                                                              6
total change in adjusted operating income (constant currency) (1)                257               6.2   %
unfavorable currency translation                                                 (55      )
total change in adjusted operating income (1)                                    202               4.9   %
adjusted operating income (1) for the year ended december 31, 2018            $4,321
simplify to grow program (2)                                                    (626      )
intangible asset impairment charges (3)                                          (68      )
mark-to-market gains from derivatives (4)                                        141
acquisition integration costs (5)                                                 (3      )
acquisition-related costs (5)                                                    (13      )
divestiture-related costs (5)                                                      1
remeasurement of net monetary position (8)                                       (11      )
impact from pension participation changes (9)                                   (423      )
impact from resolution of tax matters (6)                                         15
ceo transition remuneration (1)                                                  (22      )
operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018                         $3,312              (4.3   )%
(1)   refer to the non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item.
(2)   refer to note 7, restructuring program, for more information.
(3)   refer to note 5, goodwill and intangible assets, for more information on trademark impairments.
(4)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, note 17, segment reporting, and non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives.
(5)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on prior-year divestitures and the june 7, 2018 acquisition of tate's bake shop and the 2016 acquisition of a biscuit business in vietnam.
(6)   refer to note 13, commitments and contingencies - tax matters, for more information.
(7)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions - includes the impact from the june 7, 2018 acquisition of tate's bake shop.
(8)   refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies - currency translation and highly inflationary accounting, for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for argentina.
(9)   refer to note 10, benefit plans, for more information.
during 2018, we realized higher net pricing, which was partially offset by increased input costs. higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2017 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2018, was reflected across all regions except europe. the increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs, mostly offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity efforts. higher raw material costs were primarily due to higher currency exchange transaction costs on imported materials, as well as higher packaging, dairy and energy, partially offset primarily by lower cocoa costs. favorable volume/mix was driven by europe and amea, which was partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix in north america and latin america.
total selling, general and administrative expenses increased $537 million from 2017, due to a number of factors noted in the table above, including in part, the impact from pension participation changes, lapping of prior-year benefits from the resolution of tax matters, lapping of a prior-year property insurance recovery, acquisition-related costs, remeasurement of net monetary position in argentina, the impact of an acquisition and higher ceo transition remuneration. the increases were partially offset by favorable currency impact, lower implementation costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower divestiture-related costs, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, a value-added tax ("vat") related settlement in 2018, the impact of divestitures and the net benefit from the resolution of tax matters in 2018. excluding these factors, selling, general and administrative expenses increased $83 million from 2017. the increase was driven by the year-over year net unfavorable change in miscellaneous other income and expense items within selling, general and administrative expenses and higher overhead costs, which more than offset lower advertising and consumer promotion costs.
we recorded a benefit of $21 million from a vat-related settlement in latin america in 2018. we recorded a benefit of $27 million from an insurance recovery in amea in 2017. unfavorable currency changes decreased operating income by $55 million due primarily to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies, including the brazilian real, argentinean peso, russian ruble and turkish lira, partially offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, including the euro and british pound sterling.
operating income margin decreased from 13.4% in 2017 to 12.8% in 2018. the decrease in operating income margin was driven by the impact from pension participation changes, the lapping of prior-year benefits from the resolution of tax matters, the lapping of a prior-year gain on divestiture and higher ceo transition remuneration. these unfavorable items were partially offset by the year-over-year favorable change in mark-to-market gains/(losses) from currency and commodity hedging activities, lower simplify to grow program costs, an increase in our adjusted operating income margin, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, lower divestiture-related costs and lower intangible asset impairment charges. adjusted operating income margin increased from 16.1% in 2017 to 16.7% in 2018. the increase in adjusted operating income margin was driven primarily by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs due to continued cost reduction efforts and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, partially offset by higher raw material costs.
net earnings and earnings per share attributable to mondelēz international - net earnings attributable to mondelēz international of $3,381 million increased by $553 million (19.6%) in 2018. diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international was $2.28 in 2018, up $0.43 (23.2%) from 2017. adjusted eps (1) was $2.43 in 2018, up $0.29 (13.6%) from 2017. adjusted eps on a constant currency basis (1) was $2.46 in 2018, up $0.32 (15.0%) from 2017.
diluted eps diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international for the year ended december 31, 2017       $1.85
simplify to grow program (2)                                                                   0.39
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                                        0.05
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (2)                                                     0.06
malware incident incremental expenses                                                          0.04
acquisition integration costs (2)                                                                 -
divestiture-related costs (2)                                                                  0.02
net earnings from divestitures (2)                                                            (0.03     )
net gain on divestitures (2)                                                                  (0.11     )
impact from resolution of tax matters (2)                                                     (0.13     )
ceo transition remuneration (2)                                                                0.01
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax benefit (3)                                                  (0.03     )
gain on equity method investment transaction (4)                                              (0.02     )
equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments (5)                           0.04
adjusted eps (1) for the year ended december 31, 2017                                         $2.14
increase in operations                                                                         0.13
increase in equity method investment net earnings                                              0.05
vat-related settlement in 2018                                                                 0.01
property insurance recovery in 2017                                                           (0.01     )
impact from acquisition (2)                                                                       -
changes in interest and other expense, net (6)                                                 0.02
changes in income taxes (7)                                                                    0.05
changes in shares outstanding (8)                                                              0.07
adjusted eps (constant currency) (1) for the year ended december 31, 2018                     $2.46
unfavorable currency translation                                                              (0.03     )
adjusted eps (1) for the year ended december 31, 2018                                         $2.43
simplify to grow program (2)                                                                  (0.32     )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                                       (0.03     )
mark-to-market gains from derivatives (2)                                                      0.09
acquisition integration costs (2)                                                                 -
acquisition-related costs (2)                                                                 (0.01     )
divestiture-related costs (2)                                                                     -
remeasurement of net monetary position (2)                                                    (0.01     )
impact from pension participation changes (2)                                                 (0.22     )
impact from resolution of tax matters (2)                                                      0.01
ceo transition remuneration (2)                                                               (0.01     )
net gain related to interest rate swaps (9)                                                    0.01
loss on debt extinguishment (10)                                                              (0.07     )
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax expense (3)                                                  (0.01     )
gain on equity method investment transaction (4)                                               0.39
equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments (5)                           0.03
diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international for the year ended december 31, 2018       $2.28
(1)   refer to the non-gaap financial measures section appearing later in this section.
(2)   see the operating income table above and the related footnotes for more information.
(3)   refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the impact of the u.s. tax reform.
(4)   refer to note 6, equity method investments, for more information on the kdp transaction in 2018 and the 2017 sale of an interest in one of our equity method investments.
(5)   includes our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete u.s. tax reform impacts recorded by our jde and keurig equity method investees.
(6)   excludes the currency impact on interest expense related to our non-u.s. dollar-denominated debt which is included in currency translation.
(7)   refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the items affecting income taxes.
(8)   refer to note 11, stock plans, for more information on our equity compensation programs and share repurchase program and note 16, earnings per share, for earnings per share weighted-average share information.
(9)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, for information on our interest rate swaps that we no longer designate as cash flow hedges.
(10) refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, for more information on losses on debt extinguishment.
2017 compared with 2016
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                  2016                                 $ change           % change
(in millions, except per share data)
net revenues                                                          $25,896                 $25,923                    $(27     )        (0.1     )%
operating income                                                        3,462                   2,554                     908              35.6      %
earnings from continuing operations                                     2,842                   1,645                   1,197              72.8      %
net earnings attributable to mondelēz international                     2,828                   1,635                   1,193              73.0      %
diluted earnings per share attributable to mondelēz international        1.85         1.04                               0.81              77.9      %
net revenues - net revenues decreased $27 million (0.1%) to $25,896 million in 2017, and organic net revenue (1) increased $220 million (0.9%) to $25,490 million. power brands net revenues increased 2.9%, including a favorable currency impact, and power brands organic net revenue increased 2.1%. emerging markets net revenues increased 3.7%, including a favorable currency impact, and emerging markets organic net revenue increased 3.6%. the underlying changes in net revenues and organic net revenue are detailed below:
2017
change in net revenues (by percentage point)
total change in net revenues                            (0.1   )%
add back the following items affecting comparability:
favorable currency                                      (0.3   )pp impact of acquisitions                                  (0.2   )pp impact of divestitures                                   1.5   pp total change in organic net revenue (1)                  0.9   %
higher net pricing                                       1.5   pp unfavorable volume/mix                                  (0.6   )pp
(1)   please see the non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item.
net revenue decline of 0.1% was driven by the impact of divestitures, partially offset by our underlying organic net revenue growth of 0.9%, favorable currency and the impact of an acquisition. the impact of divestitures resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $383 million for 2017. our underlying organic net revenue increase was driven by higher net pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix. net pricing was up, which includes the benefit of carryover pricing from 2016 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2017. higher net pricing was reflected in latin america and amea, partially offset by lower net pricing in north america and europe. unfavorable volume/mix was reflected in all segments except europe, in part due to expected shipments that we did not realize following the second quarter malware incident. favorable year-over-year currency impacts increased net revenues by $77 million, due primarily to the strength of several currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, including the brazilian real, euro, russian ruble, australian dollar, indian rupee and south african rand, partially offset by the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies, including the egyptian pound, british pound sterling, argentinean peso, nigerian naira, turkish lira, philippine peso and chinese yuan. the november 2, 2016 acquisition of a business and license to manufacture, market and sell cadbury-branded biscuits in additional key markets added $59 million (constant currency basis) of incremental net revenues for 2017.
38
operating income - operating income increased $908 million (35.6%) to $3,462 million in 2017, adjusted operating income (1) increased $346 million (9.2%) to $4,119 million and adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis (1) increased $343 million (9.1%) to $4,116 million due to the following:
operating           change income
(in millions)
operating income for the year ended december 31, 2016                         $2,554
simplify to grow program (2)                                                   1,072
intangible asset impairment charges (3)                                          137
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (4)                                        94
acquisition integration costs (5)                                                  7
acquisition-related costs (5)                                                      1
divestiture-related costs (6)                                                     86
operating income from divestitures (6)                                          (153      )
gain on divestiture (6)                                                           (9      )
gain on sale of intangible assets (7)                                            (15      )
other/rounding                                                                    (1      )
adjusted operating income (1) for the year ended december 31, 2016            $3,773
higher net pricing                                                               370
higher input costs                                                              (181      )
unfavorable volume/mix                                                          (160      )
lower selling, general and administrative expenses                               380
gains on sales of property in 2016 (8)                                           (46      )
vat-related settlement in 2016                                                   (54      )
property insurance recovery                                                       27
impact from acquisition (8)                                                        8
other                                                                             (1      )
total change in adjusted operating income (constant currency) (1)                343               9.1     %
favorable currency translation                                                     3
total change in adjusted operating income (1)                                    346               9.2     %
adjusted operating income (1) for the year ended december 31, 2017            $4,119
simplify to grow program (2)                                                    (777      )
intangible asset impairment charges (3)                                         (109      )
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (4)                                       (96      )
malware incident incremental expenses                                            (84      )
acquisition integration costs (5)                                                 (3      )
divestiture-related costs (6)                                                    (31      )
operating income from divestitures (6)                                            61
net gain on divestitures (6)                                                     186
impact from resolution of tax matters (9)                                        209
ceo transition remuneration (1)                                                  (14      )
other/rounding                                                                     1
operating income for the year ended december 31, 2017                         $3,462              35.6     %
(1)   refer to the non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item.
(2)   refer to note 7, restructuring program, for more information.
(3)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, and note 5, goodwill and intangible assets, for more information on trademark impairments.
(4)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, note 17, segment reporting, and non-gaap financial measures appearing later in this section for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives.
(5)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on the acquisition of a biscuit business in vietnam.
(6)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on the 2017 sales of a confectionery business in france, a grocery business in australia and new zealand, certain licenses of khc-owned brands used in our grocery business within our europe region, sale of one of our equity method investments and sale of a confectionary business in japan. additionally, the 2016 amount includes a sale of a confectionery business in costa rica.
(7)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on the 2016 intangible asset sale in finland.
(8)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on the 2016 purchase of a license to manufacture, market and sell cadbury-branded biscuits in additional key markets and other property sales in 2016.
(9)   refer to note 13, commitments and contingencies - tax matters, for more information. primarily includes the reversal of tax liabilities in connection with the resolution of a brazilian indirect tax matter and settlement of pre-acquisition cadbury tax matters.
during 2017, we realized higher net pricing while input costs increased modestly. higher net pricing, which included the carryover impact of pricing actions taken in 2016 as well as the effects of input cost-driven pricing actions taken during 2017, was driven by latin america and amea, partially offset by lower net pricing in north america and europe. the increase in input costs was driven by higher raw material costs which were partially offset by lower manufacturing costs due to productivity. unfavorable volume/mix was driven by north america, latin america and amea, which was partially offset by favorable volume/mix in europe.
total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $608 million from 2016, due to a number of factors noted in the table above, including in part, the benefits from the resolution of tax matters, lower implementation costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower divestiture-related costs, a property insurance recovery in amea and lower intangible asset impairment charges. the decreases were partially offset by gains on sales of property in 2016, unfavorable currency impact, value-added tax ("vat") related settlements in 2016 and incremental expenses incurred due to the malware incident.
excluding the factors noted above, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $380 million from 2016. the decrease was driven primarily by lower overhead costs and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs due to continued cost reduction efforts in both areas.
currency changes during the year did not impact operating income as the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies, including the egyptian pound, british pound sterling and argentinean peso, was offset by the strength of several currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, including the euro, brazilian real, russian ruble, australian dollar, indian rupee and south african rand.
operating income margin increased from 9.9% in 2016 to 13.4% in 2017. the increase in operating income margin was driven primarily by an increase in our adjusted operating income margin, lower simplify to grow program costs, the benefits from the resolution of tax matters, the net gain on divestitures and lower divestiture-related costs, partially offset by incremental costs related to the malware incident and ceo transition remuneration costs. adjusted operating income margin increased from 14.9% in 2016 to 16.1% in 2017. the increase in adjusted operating income margin was driven primarily by lower overheads and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs due to continued cost reduction efforts in both areas.
net earnings and earnings per share attributable to mondelēz international - net earnings attributable to mondelēz international of $2,828 million increased by $1,193 million (73.0%) in 2017. diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international was $1.85 in 2017, up $0.81 (77.9%) from 2016. adjusted eps (1) was $2.14 in 2017, up $0.30 (16.3%) from 2016. adjusted eps on a constant currency basis (1) was $2.13 in 2017, up $0.29 (15.8%) from 2016.
diluted eps diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international for the year ended december 31, 2016       $1.04
simplify to grow program (2)                                                                   0.51
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                                        0.06
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (2)                                                     0.05
acquisition integration costs (2)                                                              0.01
divestiture-related costs (2)                                                                  0.05
net earnings from divestitures (2)                                                            (0.08     )
gain on sale of intangible assets (2)                                                         (0.01     )
loss related to interest rate swaps (3)                                                        0.04
loss on debt extinguishment (4)                                                                0.17
gain on equity method investment transaction (5)                                              (0.03     )
equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments (6)                           0.03
adjusted eps (1) for the year ended december 31, 2016                                         $1.84
increase in operations                                                                         0.22
increase in equity method investment net earnings                                              0.06
gains on sales of property in 2016 (2)                                                        (0.02     )
vat-related settlements in 2016                                                               (0.04     )
property insurance recovery                                                                    0.01
impact from acquisition (2)                                                                       -
changes in interest and other expense, net (7)                                                 0.08
changes in income taxes (8)                                                                   (0.07     )
changes in shares outstanding (9)                                                              0.05
adjusted eps (constant currency) (1) for the year ended december 31, 2017                     $2.13
favorable currency translation                                                                 0.01
adjusted eps (1) for the year ended december 31, 2017                                         $2.14
simplify to grow program (2)                                                                  (0.39     )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                                       (0.05     )
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (2)                                                    (0.06     )
malware incident incremental expenses                                                         (0.04     )
acquisition integration costs (2)                                                                 -
divestiture-related costs (2)                                                                 (0.02     )
net earnings from divestitures (2)                                                             0.03
net gain on divestitures (2)                                                                   0.11
impact from resolution of tax matters (2)                                                      0.13
ceo transition remuneration                                                                   (0.01     )
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax benefit (10)                                                  0.03
gain on equity method investment transaction (11)                                              0.02
equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments (6)                          (0.04     )
diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international for the year ended december 31, 2017       $1.85
(1)   refer to the non-gaap financial measures section appearing later in this section.
(2)   see the operating income table above and the related footnotes for more information.
(3)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, for more information on our interest rate swaps, which we no longer designate as cash flow hedges effective the first quarter of 2016 due to changes in financing and hedging plans.
(4)   refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, for more information on our loss on debt extinguishment and related expenses in connection with our debt tender offers.
(5)   refer to note 6, equity method investments - keurig, for more information on the 2016 acquisition of an interest in keurig.
(6)   includes our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete u.s. tax reform impacts recorded by our jde and keurig equity method investees.
(7)   excludes the currency impact on interest expense related to our non-u.s. dollar-denominated debt which is included in currency translation.
(8)   refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the items affecting income taxes.
(9)   refer to note 11, stock plans, for more information on our equity compensation programs, note 12, capital stock, for more information on our share repurchase program and note 16, earnings per share, for earnings per share weighted-average share information.
(10)   refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the impact of the u.s. tax reform.
(11)   refer to note 6, equity method investments, for more information on the 2017 sale of an interest in one of our equity method investments.
results of operations by operating segment our operations and management structure are organized into four operating segments:
•   latin america
•   amea
•   europe
•   north america we manage our operations by region to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories and financial results in the regions.
we use segment operating income to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. we believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. see note 17, segment reporting, for additional information on our segments and items affecting comparability of financial results earlier in this section for items affecting our segment operating results.
our segment net revenues and earnings were:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                             2017                  2016
(in millions)
net revenues:
latin america      $3,202                $3,566                $3,392
amea                5,729                 5,739                 5,816
europe             10,122                 9,794                 9,755
north america       6,885                 6,797                 6,960
net revenues      $25,938               $25,896               $25,923
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                      2017                  2016
(in millions)
earnings before income taxes:
operating income:
latin america                                                                  $410                  $564                  $272
amea                                                                            702                   514                   505
europe                                                                        1,734                 1,610                 1,198
north america                                                                   849                 1,144                 1,128
unrealized gains/(losses) on hedging activities(mark-to-market impacts)         141                   (96    )              (94    )
general corporate expenses                                                     (335    )             (282    )             (287    )
amortization of intangibles                                                    (176    )             (178    )             (176    )
net gain on divestitures                                                          -                   186                     9
acquisition-related costs                                                       (13    )                -                    (1    )
operating income                                                              3,312                 3,462                 2,554
benefit plan non-service income (1)                                              50                    44                    15
interest and other expense, net                                                (520    )             (382    )           (1,115    )
earnings before income taxes                                                 $2,842                $3,124                $1,454
(1)   during the first quarter of 2018, in connection with adopting a new pension cost classification accounting standard, we reclassified certain of our benefit plan component costs other than service costs out of operating income into a new line item, benefit plan non-service income, on our consolidated statements of earnings. as such, we have recast our historical operating income and segment operating income to reflect this reclassification, which had no impact to earnings before income taxes or net earnings.
43
latin america for the years ended december 31,
2018                                        2017                      $ change                % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $3,202                $3,566            $(364     )         (10.2     )%
segment operating income         410        564                       (154      )         (27.3     )%
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                      $ change                % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $3,566                $3,392            $174                  5.1      %
segment operating income         564        272                           292             107.4      %
2018 compared with 2017:
net revenues decreased $364 million (10.2%), due to unfavorable currency (13.8 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (2.6 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (6.2 pp). unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to most currencies in the region including the argentinean peso, brazilian real and mexican peso. unfavorable volume/mix was due primarily to the impact of pricing-related elasticity, as well as in part due to the negative impact of the brazil trucking strike that occurred in the second quarter. unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in all categories except biscuits. higher net pricing was reflected across all categories, driven primarily by argentina, mexico and brazil.
segment operating income decreased $154 million (27.3%), primarily due to lapping last year's benefit from the resolution of a brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the benefit from a vat-related settlement in 2018), unfavorable volume/mix and a loss from the remeasurement of the net monetary position in argentina. these unfavorable items were partially offset by higher net pricing, lower manufacturing costs, the 2018 benefit from the resolution of a brazilian tax matter of $26 million, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program and the lapping of the 2017 intangible asset impairment charges.
2017 compared with 2016:
net revenues increased $174 million (5.1%), due to higher net pricing (7.7 pp) and favorable currency (1.9 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (4.2 pp) and the impact of a divestiture (0.3 pp). higher net pricing was reflected across all categories driven primarily by argentina, brazil and mexico. favorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the brazilian real, partially offset by the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to the argentinean peso and mexican peso. unfavorable volume/mix, which occurred across most of the region, was largely due to the impact of pricing-related elasticity. in addition, only a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was recovered. unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in all categories except chocolate and candy. on december 1, 2016, we sold a small confectionery business in costa rica.
segment operating income increased $292 million (107.4%), primarily due to higher net pricing, the benefit from the resolution of a brazilian indirect tax matter of $153 million, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, favorable currency and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. these favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable volume/mix and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of prior-year vat-related settlements).
44
amea for the years ended december 31,
2018                                        2017                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $5,729                $5,739            $(10      )         (0.2     )%
segment operating income         702        514                           188             36.6      %
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $5,739                $5,816            $(77      )         (1.3     )%
segment operating income         514        505                             9              1.8      %
2018 compared with 2017:
net revenues decreased $10 million (0.2%), due to the impact of divestitures (2.4 pp) and unfavorable currency (1.3 pp), partially offset by favorable volume/mix (1.9 pp) and higher net pricing (1.6 pp). the impact of divestitures related to the grocery & cheese business in australia and new zealand that was divested on july 4, 2017 and the confectionery business in japan that was divested on december 28, 2017, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $133 million for 2018. unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the indian rupee, australian dollar and philippine peso, partially offset by the strength of several currencies in the region relative to the u.s. dollar, including the chinese yuan and japanese yen. favorable volume/mix, including the shift of chinese new year into the first quarter of 2018, was driven by gains in chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by declines in refreshment beverages, cheese & grocery, gum and candy. higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except gum and candy.
segment operating income increased $188 million (36.6%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower manufacturing costs, lower intangible asset impairment charges, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs and favorable volume/mix. these favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, the impact of divestitures, unfavorable currency and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of prior-year property insurance recovery).
2017 compared with 2016:
net revenues decreased $77 million (1.3%), due to the impact of divestitures (2.2 pp), unfavorable currency (1.8 pp) and unfavorable volume/mix (0.2 pp), partially offset by higher net pricing (2.9 pp). the impact of divestitures, primarily related to the grocery & cheese business in australia and new zealand that was divested on july 4, 2017, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $128 million for 2017. unfavorable currency impacts were due primarily to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies in the region, including the egyptian pound, nigerian naira, philippine peso, chinese yuan and japanese yen, partially offset by the strength of several other currencies in the region relative to the u.s. dollar, including the australian dollar, indian rupee and south african rand. unfavorable volume/mix was driven by declines in refreshment beverages, cheese & grocery, gum and candy, partially offset by gains in chocolate and biscuits. in addition, only a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was recovered. higher net pricing was reflected across all categories except cheese & grocery.
segment operating income increased $9 million (1.8%), primarily due to higher net pricing, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (including a property insurance recovery), lower manufacturing costs and lower advertising and consumer promotion costs. these favorable items were mostly offset by higher raw material costs, unfavorable currency, unfavorable volume/mix, higher costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, the impact of divestitures and higher intangible asset impairment charges.
45
europe for the years ended december 31,
2018                                        2017                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                 $10,122                $9,794            $328                 3.3      %
segment operating income       1,734                 1,610        124                      7.7      %
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $9,794                $9,755            $39                  0.4      %
segment operating income       1,610                 1,198        412                     34.4      %
2018 compared with 2017:
net revenues increased $328 million (3.3%), due to favorable volume/mix (3.1 pp) and favorable currency (2.3 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (1.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.6 pp). favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate, biscuits and candy, partially offset by declines in cheese & grocery, gum and refreshment beverages. favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, british pound sterling, polish zloty and czech koruna, partially offset by the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to several currencies, primarily the russian ruble and turkish lira. the impact of divestitures, due to the sale of a confectionery business in france and the termination of certain kraft heinz company-owned grocery brand licenses, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $137 million for 2018. lower net pricing was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by higher net pricing in cheese & grocery, candy and gum.
segment operating income increased $124 million (7.7%), primarily due to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, favorable currency, lower raw material costs, lower divestiture-related costs and the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs. these favorable items were partially offset by higher advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower net pricing, lapping the prior-year benefit from the settlement of a cadbury tax matter, higher intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from divestitures.
2017 compared with 2016:
net revenues increased $39 million (0.4%), due to favorable volume/mix (1.4 pp), favorable currency (1.0 pp), and the impact of an acquisition (0.6 pp), partially offset by the impact of divestitures (2.5 pp) and lower net pricing (0.1 pp). favorable volume/mix was driven by chocolate and biscuits, partially offset by declines in gum, cheese & grocery, candy and refreshment beverages. in addition, a portion of the shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident was not recovered. favorable currency impacts reflected the strength of several other currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro and russian ruble, partially offset by the strength of the u.s. dollar against several currencies in the region, including the british pound sterling and turkish lira. the november 2016 acquisition of a business and license to manufacture, market and sell cadbury-branded biscuits added net revenues of $59 million (constant currency basis). the impact of divestitures, primarily due to the sale of a confectionery business in france, resulted in a year-over-year decline in net revenues of $234 million for 2017. lower net pricing was driven by biscuits, mostly offset by higher net pricing in all other categories.
segment operating income increased $412 million (34.4%), primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses, lower divestiture-related costs, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, the benefit from the settlement of a cadbury tax matter, favorable volume/mix, lower intangible asset impairment charges, favorable currency and the impact of an acquisition. these favorable items were partially offset by higher raw material costs, the impact of divestitures, incremental costs incurred due to the malware incident, lower net pricing and a prior-year gain on the sale of an intangible asset.
46
north america for the years ended december 31,
2018                                        2017                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $6,885                $6,797            $88                  1.3      %
segment operating income         849                 1,144            (295      )        (25.8     )%
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                        2016                      $ change               % change
(in millions)
net revenues                  $6,797                $6,960            $(163     )         (2.3     )%
segment operating income       1,144                 1,128        16                       1.4      %
2018 compared with 2017:
net revenues increased $88 million (1.3%), due to higher net pricing (1.1 pp) and the impact of an acquisition (0.8 pp), partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix (0.5 pp) and unfavorable currency (0.1 pp). higher net pricing was reflected in biscuits and gum, partially offset by lower net pricing in chocolate and candy. the june 7, 2018 acquisition of a u.s. premium biscuit company, tate's bake shop, added net revenues of $52 million in 2018. unfavorable volume/mix, which was net of the benefit from lapping last year's negative impact from the 2017 malware incident, reflected declines in gum and chocolate, partially offset by gains in biscuits and candy. unfavorable currency impact was due to the strength of the u.s. dollar relative to the canadian dollar.
segment operating income decreased $295 million (25.8%), primarily due to the impact from pension participation changes, higher manufacturing costs, unfavorable volume/mix, higher raw material costs and higher other selling, general and administrative expenses. these unfavorable items were partially offset by lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, higher net pricing, the lapping of prior-year malware incident incremental costs, lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower intangible asset impairment charges and the impact from the acquisition of tate's bake shop.
2017 compared with 2016:
net revenues decreased $163 million (2.3%), due to unfavorable volume/mix (1.8 pp), lower net pricing (0.6 pp) and the impact of divestitures (0.1 pp), partially offset by favorable currency (0.2 pp). unfavorable volume/mix, primarily caused by shipments delayed at the end of the second quarter due to the malware incident that were not recovered, was driven by declines in gum, biscuits and candy, partially offset by a gain in chocolate. lower net pricing was reflected in biscuits and chocolate, partially offset by higher net pricing in candy and gum. favorable currency impact was due to the strength of the canadian dollar relative to the u.s. dollar.
segment operating income increased $16 million (1.4%), primarily due to lower costs incurred for the simplify to grow program, lower advertising and consumer promotion costs, lower other selling, general and administrative expenses (net of the prior-year's gain on sale of property), lower manufacturing costs and lower raw material costs. these favorable items were partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix, incremental costs incurred due to the malware incident, lower net pricing, the impact of divestitures and prior-year gain on the sale of an intangible asset.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. we have discussed the selection and disclosure of our critical accounting policies and estimates with our audit committee. the following is a review of our most significant assumptions and estimates.
goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets:
we test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis on july 1. we assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our goodwill reporting units. we review our operating segment and reporting unit structure for goodwill testing annually or as significant changes in the organization occur. annually, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may elect to do quantitative testing instead. in our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit's estimated fair value with its carrying value. we estimate a reporting unit's fair value using a discounted cash flow method which incorporates planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. this year, for our europe and north america reporting units, we used a market-based, weighted-average cost of capital of 7.3% to discount the projected cash flows of those operations. for our latin america and amea reporting units, we used a risk-rated discount rate of 10.3%. estimating the fair value of individual reporting units requires us to make assumptions and estimates regarding our future plans and industry and economic conditions, and our actual results and conditions may differ over time. if the carrying value of a reporting unit's net assets exceeds its fair value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit fair value.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, there were no impairments of goodwill. in connection with our 2018 annual impairment testing, each of our reporting units had sufficient fair value in excess of carrying value. while all reporting units passed our annual impairment testing, if planned business performance expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then the estimated fair values of a reporting unit or reporting units might decline and lead to a goodwill impairment in the future.
annually, we assess non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. if significant potential impairment risk exists for a specific asset, we quantitatively test it for impairment by comparing its estimated fair value with its carrying value. we determine estimated fair value using planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of royalty rates. if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value, the asset is impaired and its carrying value is reduced to the estimated fair value.
during our 2018 annual testing of non-amortizable intangible assets, we recorded $68 million of impairment charges in the third quarter of 2018 related to five trademarks. the impairments arose due to lower than expected product growth. we recorded charges related to gum, chocolate, biscuits and candy trademarks of $45 million in europe, $14 million in north america and $9 million in amea. the impairment charges were calculated as the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the intangible assets on a global basis and were recorded within asset impairment and exit costs. we primarily use a relief of royalty valuation method, which utilizes estimates of future sales, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates in determining a brand's global fair value. we also identified seven brands, including the five impaired trademarks, with $538 million of aggregate book value as of december 31, 2018 that each had a fair value in excess of book value of 10% or less. we believe our current plans for each of these brands will allow them to continue to not be impaired, but if the product line expectations are not met or specific valuation factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, change significantly, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. in 2017, we recorded charges related to candy and gum trademarks of $52 million in amea, $11 million in europe, $5 million in latin america and $2 million in north america. in 2016, we recorded charges related to biscuits, candy and gum trademarks of $41 million in amea, $32 million in north america, $22 million in europe, and $3 million in latin america.
refer to note 5, goodwill and intangible assets, for additional information.
trade and marketing programs:
we promote our products with trade and sales incentives as well as marketing and advertising programs. these programs include, but are not limited to, new product introduction fees, discounts, coupons, rebates and volume-based incentives as well as cooperative advertising, in-store displays and consumer marketing promotions. trade and sales incentives are recorded as a reduction to revenues based on amounts estimated due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. we base these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. for interim reporting purposes, advertising and consumer promotion expenses are charged to operations as a percentage of volume, based on estimated sales volume and estimated program spending. we do not defer costs on our year-end consolidated balance sheet and all marketing and advertising costs are recorded as an expense in the year incurred.
employee benefit plans:
we sponsor various employee benefit plans throughout the world. these include primarily pension plans and postretirement healthcare benefits. for accounting purposes, we estimate the pension and postretirement healthcare benefit obligations utilizing assumptions and estimates for discount rates; expected returns on plan assets; expected compensation increases; employee-related factors such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; and health care cost trends. we review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. our assumptions also reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. these and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans.
as permitted by u.s. gaap, we generally amortize the effect of changes in the assumptions over future periods. the cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits.
since pension and postretirement liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate significantly affects our plan obligations and expenses. for plans that have assets held in trust, the expected return on plan assets assumption affects our pension plan expenses. the assumptions for discount rates and expected rates of return and our process for setting these assumptions are described in note 10, benefit plans, to the consolidated financial statements.
while we do not anticipate further changes in the 2019 assumptions for our u.s. and non-u.s. pension and postretirement health care plans, as a sensitivity measure, a fifty-basis point change in our discount rates or the expected rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects, increase/(decrease), on our annual benefit plan costs:
as of december 31, 2018
u.s. plans                              non-u.s. plans fifty-basis-point                                                                                                fifty-basis-point increase            decrease            increase            decrease
(in millions)
effect of change in discount rate on pension costs                            $(14      )         $15                 $(57      )         $60
effect of change in expected rate of return on plan assets on pension costs   (8        )    8                        (39       )    39
effect of change in discount rate on postretirement health care costs         (3        )    3                        -                   -
in accordance with obligations we have under collective bargaining agreements, we participate in multiemployer pension plans. in 2017 and 2016, the only individually significant multiemployer plan we contributed to was the bakery and confectionery union and industry international pension fund. our obligation to contribute to the fund arose with respect to 8 collective bargaining agreements covering most of our employees represented by the bctgm. all of those collective bargaining agreements expired in 2016.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we executed a complete withdrawal from the fund. we estimated a withdrawal liability of $573 million, which represents our best estimate of the withdrawal liability absent an assessment from the fund. we anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. we will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. we expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment. during 2018, within our north america segment, we recorded a discounted liability and related charge of $423 million or $316 million net of tax. we determined the net present value of the liability using a risk-free interest rate. we recorded the pre-tax non-cash charges in selling, general and administrative expense (and in other non-cash items, net in the consolidated statement of cash flows) and the liability in long-term other liabilities. during 2018, we also recorded $6 million of accreted interest related to the long-term liability within interest and other expense, net.
see additional information on our employee benefit plans in note 10, benefit plans.
income taxes:
as a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each tax jurisdiction in which we operate. the provision for income taxes includes the amounts payable or refundable for the current year, the effect of deferred taxes and impacts from uncertain tax positions. our provision for income taxes is significantly affected by shifts in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings across tax jurisdictions, changes in tax laws and regulations, tax planning opportunities available in each tax jurisdiction and the ultimate outcome of various tax audits.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax laws and that we have properly accounted for uncertain tax positions. we recognize tax benefits in our financial statements from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the amount we recognize is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon resolution. we evaluate uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis and adjust the amount recognized in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or expiration of a statute of limitations. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of uncertain tax positions are reasonable. however, final determination of historical tax liabilities, whether by settlement with tax authorities, judicial or administrative ruling or due to expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and historical income tax provisions. the outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our provision for income taxes, net earnings or cash flows in the period in which the determination is made.
as a result of u.s. tax reform and the related sec guidance, we finalized our accounting for the legislation based on guidance that was issued prior to 2018 year end and included updates to the prior provisional estimates in our 2018 consolidated financial statements. see note 15, income taxes, for further discussion of the amounts recorded related to u.s. tax reform in our financial statements, as well as additional information on our effective tax rate, current and deferred taxes, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits.
contingencies:
see note 13, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
new accounting guidance:
see note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of new accounting standards.
liquidity and capital resources we believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and future payments of our u.s. tax reform transition tax liability, contractual and benefit plan obligations, share repurchases and quarterly dividends. we continue to utilize our commercial paper program, international credit lines and long-term debt issuances for our funding requirements. we also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. overall, we do not expect any negative effects to our funding sources that would have a material effect on our liquidity.
net cash provided by operating activities:
operating activities provided net cash of $3,948 million in 2018, $2,593 million in 2017 and $2,838 million in 2016. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 relative to 2017 was due primarily to higher cash flow from working capital, higher net earnings as well as lower pension contributions. cash flows from operating activities were lower in 2017 than 2016 primarily due to increases in working capital including higher tax and vat-related payments in 2017 and lower operating cash flows from divested businesses, partially offset by higher net earnings and lower pension contributions in 2017.
net cash used in investing activities:
net cash used in investing activities was $1,224 million in 2018, $301 million in 2017 and $1,029 million in 2016. the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2018 relative to 2017 was primarily due to cash received in 2017 from proceeds from divestitures, cash expenditures in 2018 for an acquisition and higher capital expenditures in 2018, partially offset by cash received as a result of the settlement and replacement of several net investment hedge derivative contracts. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities in 2017 relative to 2016 was due to higher net proceeds received from divestitures in 2017, no acquisition-related payments in 2017 as in 2016 and lower capital expenditures in 2017.
capital expenditures were $1,095 million in 2018, $1,014 million in 2017 and $1,224 million in 2016. we continue to make capital expenditures primarily to modernize manufacturing facilities and support new product and productivity initiatives. we expect 2019 capital expenditures to be up to $1.0 billion, including capital expenditures in connection with our simplify to grow program. we expect to continue to fund these expenditures from operations.
net cash used in financing activities:
net cash used in financing activities was $2,329 million in 2018, $3,361 million in 2017 and $1,862 million in 2016. the decrease in net cash used in financing activities in 2018 relative to 2017 was primarily due to higher net debt issuances and lower share repurchases partially offset by higher dividends paid. the increase in net cash used in financing activities in 2017 relative to 2016 was primarily due to lower net issuances of short-term and long-term debt as well as an increase in dividends paid, partly offset by lower share repurchases compared to 2016.
debt:
from time to time we refinance long-term and short-term debt. refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, for details of our recent tender offers, debt issuances and maturities. the nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt and the proportionate amount of each varies as a result of current and expected business requirements, market conditions and other factors. due to seasonality, in the first and second quarters of the year, our working capital requirements grow, increasing the need for short-term financing. the second half of the year typically generates higher cash flows. as such, we may issue commercial paper or secure other forms of financing throughout the year to meet short-term working capital or other financing needs.
during 2016, one of our subsidiaries, mondelez international holdings netherlands b.v. ("mihn"), issued debt totaling $4.5 billion. the operations held by mihn generated approximately 74.1% (or $19.2 billion) of the $25.9 billion of consolidated net revenue during fiscal year 2018 and represented approximately 80.5% (or $20.7 billion) of the $25.7 billion of net assets as of december 31, 2018.
on february 7, 2019, our board of directors approved a new $5.0 billion long-term financing authority to replace the prior $5.0 billion authority. as of december 31, 2018, we had $1.7 billion of long-term financing authority remaining.
in the next 12 months, we expect approximately $2.7 billion of long-term debt will mature as follows: $400 million in february 2019 and $2.3 billion in october 2019. we expect to fund these repayments with a combination of cash from operations and the issuance of commercial paper or long-term debt.
our total debt was $18.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and $17.7 billion at december 31, 2017. our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 0.42 at december 31, 2018 and 0.40 at december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2018, the weighted-average term of our outstanding long-term debt was 5.8 years. our average daily commercial borrowings were $4.5 billion in 2018, $4.4 billion in 2017 and $2.2 billion in 2016. we had $3.1 billion of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2018 and $3.4 billion outstanding as of december 31, 2017. we expect to continue to use commercial paper to finance various short and long-term financing needs and to continue to comply with our long-term debt covenants. refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, for more information on our debt and debt covenants.
commodity trends we regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost and currency trends so we can cost-effectively secure ingredients, packaging and fuel required for production. during 2018, the primary drivers of the increase in our aggregate commodity costs were higher currency-related costs on our commodity purchases and increased costs for packaging, dairy, energy, grains, oils and other raw materials, partially offset by lower costs for cocoa, sugar and nuts.
a number of external factors such as weather conditions, commodity market conditions, currency fluctuations and the effects of governmental agricultural or other programs affect the cost and availability of raw materials and agricultural materials used in our products. we address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing and manufacturing and overhead cost control. we use hedging techniques to limit the impact of fluctuations in the cost of our principal raw materials; however, we may not be able to fully hedge against commodity cost changes, such as dairy, where there is a limited ability to hedge, and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw material costs. due to competitive or market conditions, planned trade or promotional incentives, fluctuations in currency exchange rates or other factors, our pricing actions may also lag commodity cost changes temporarily.
we expect price volatility and a slightly higher aggregate cost environment to continue in 2019. while the costs of our principal raw materials fluctuate, we believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources.
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than the contractual obligations discussed below.
guarantees:
as discussed in note 13, commitments and contingencies, we enter into third-party guarantees primarily to cover the long-term obligations of our vendors. as part of these transactions, we guarantee that third parties will make contractual payments or achieve performance measures. at december 31, 2018, we had no material third-party guarantees recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
guarantees do not have, and we do not expect them to have, a material effect on our liquidity.
aggregate contractual obligations:
the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at december 31, 2018.
payments due total                2019              2020-21              2022-23            2024 and thereafter
(in millions)
debt (1)                                     $15,248              $2,647              $4,877               $2,548                     $5,176
interest expense (2)                           3,410                 413                 662                  470                      1,865
capital leases                                     2                   1                   1                    -                          -
operating leases (3)                             780                 208                 279                  136                        157
purchase obligations: (4)
inventory and production costs                 5,198               3,433               1,191                  235                        339
other                                            608                 574                  34                    -                          -
25,246               7,276               7,044                3,389                      7,537
u.s. tax reform transition liability (5)       1,160                 112                 193                  248                        607
other long-term liabilities (6)                  241                  16                  47                   42                        136
total                                        $26,647              $7,404              $7,284               $3,679                     $8,280
(1)   amounts include the expected cash payments of our debt excluding capital leases, which are presented separately in the table above. the amounts also exclude $70 million of net unamortized non-cash bond premiums, discounts, bank fees and mark-to-market adjustments related to our interest rate swaps recorded in total debt.
(2)   amounts represent the expected cash payments of our interest expense on our long-term debt. interest calculated on our euro, british pound sterling and swiss franc notes was forecasted using currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2018. an insignificant amount of interest expense was excluded from the table for a portion of our other non-u.s. debt obligations due to the complexities involved in forecasting expected interest payments.
(3)   operating lease payments represent the minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases.
(4)   purchase obligations for inventory and production costs (such as raw materials, indirect materials and supplies, packaging, co-manufacturing arrangements, storage and distribution) are commitments for projected needs to be utilized in the normal course of business. other purchase obligations include commitments for marketing, advertising, capital expenditures, information technology and professional services. arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, a pricing structure and approximate timing of the transaction. most arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). any amounts reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are excluded from the table above.
(5)   in connection with u.s. tax reform, we currently estimate paying a total $1.3 billion transition tax liability through 2026. as of december 31, 2018, the amount outstanding was $1.2 billion. the amounts and timing of our tax payments are likely to change as a result of additional guidance issued. see note 15, income taxes, for additional information on u.s. tax reform and its impact on our financial statements.
(6)   other long-term liabilities in the table above include both the current and long-term related liabilities. we have included the estimated future benefit payments for our postretirement health care plans through december 31, 2028 of $198 million. we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of the payments beyond 2028; as such, they are excluded from the above table. there are also another $15 million of various other long-term liabilities that are expected to be paid over the next 5 years. in addition, the following long-term liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheet are excluded from the table above: accrued pension costs, estimated multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, insurance accruals and other accruals. as of december 31, 2018, our unrecognized tax benefit, including associated interest and penalties, classified as a long-term payable is $550 million. we currently expect to make approximately $237 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2019. in 2018, we estimated a multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liability of $573 million. we anticipate receiving an assessment in 2019, and the ultimate withdrawal liability may change from the currently estimated amount. we will record any future adjustments in the period during which the liability is confirmed or as new information becomes available. we expect to pay the liability over a period of 20 years from the date of the assessment.
equity and dividends stock plans:
see note 11, stock plans, to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our stock plans and grant activity during 2016-2018.
share repurchases:
see note 12, capital stock, to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our share repurchase program.
between 2013 and 2017, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of a total of $13.7 billion of our common stock through december 31, 2018. on january 31, 2018, our finance committee, with authorization delegated from our board of directors, approved an increase of $6.0 billion in the share repurchase program, raising the authorization to $19.7 billion of common stock repurchases, and extended the program through december 31, 2020. we repurchased approximately $15.0 billion of shares ($2.0 billion in 2018, $2.2 billion in 2017, $2.6 billion in 2016, $3.6 billion in 2015, $1.9 billion in 2014 and $2.7 billion in 2013), at a weighted-average cost of $39.30 per share, through december 31, 2018. the number of shares that we ultimately repurchase under our share repurchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic or business conditions and board and management discretion. additionally, our share repurchase activity during any particular period may fluctuate. we may accelerate, suspend, delay or discontinue our share repurchase program at any time, without notice.
dividends:
we paid dividends of $1,359 million in 2018, $1,198 million in 2017 and $1,094 million in 2016. on july 25, 2018, the finance committee, with authorization delegated from our board of directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per share of class a common stock, an increase of 18 percent, which would be $1.04 per common share on an annualized basis. on august 2, 2017, the finance committee, with authorization delegated from our board of directors, approved a 16% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.22 per common share or $0.88 per common share on an annualized basis. on july 19, 2016, our board of directors approved a 12% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.19 per common share or $0.76 per common share on an annual basis. the declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depends on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant to its analysis and decision making.
for u.s. income tax purposes only, the company has determined that 100% of the distributions paid to its shareholders in 2018 are characterized as a qualified dividend paid from u.s. earnings and profits. shareholders should consult their tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the receipt of dividends.
non-gaap financial measures we use non-gaap financial information and believe it is useful to investors as it provides additional information to facilitate comparisons of historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and provide additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. we use non-gaap financial measures to budget, make operating and strategic decisions and evaluate our performance. we have detailed the non-gaap adjustments that we make in our non-gaap definitions below. the adjustments generally fall within the following categories: acquisition & divestiture activities, gains and losses on intangible asset sales and non-cash impairments, major program restructuring activities, constant currency and related adjustments, major program financing and hedging activities and other major items affecting comparability of operating results. we believe the non-gaap measures should always be considered along with the related u.s. gaap financial measures. we have provided the reconciliations between the gaap and non-gaap financial measures below, and we also discuss our underlying gaap results throughout our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this form 10-k.
our primary non-gaap financial measures are listed below and reflect how we evaluate our current and prior-year operating results. as new events or circumstances arise, these definitions could change. when our definitions change, we provide the updated definitions and present the related non-gaap historical results on a comparable basis (1).
•   "organic net revenue" is defined as net revenues excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures (2) and currency rate fluctuations (3). we also evaluate organic net revenue growth from emerging markets and our power brands.
•   our emerging markets include our latin america region in its entirety; the amea region, excluding australia, new zealand and japan; and the following countries from the europe region: russia, ukraine, turkey, kazakhstan, belarus, georgia, poland, czech republic, slovak republic, hungary, bulgaria, romania, the baltics and the east adriatic countries. (our developed markets include the entire north america region, the europe region excluding the countries included in the emerging markets definition, and australia, new zealand and japan from the amea region.)
•   our power brands include some of our largest global and regional brands such as oreo, chips ahoy!, ritz, tuc/club social and belvita biscuits; cadbury dairy milk, milka and lacta chocolate; trident gum; halls candy and tang powdered beverages. as we shift our focus to invest in a wider group of global and local brands, after 2018, we will discontinue tracking power brands and have included it here for a final full-year comparison of results on this basis.
•   "adjusted operating income" is defined as operating income excluding the impacts of the simplify to grow program (4); gains or losses (including non-cash impairment charges) on goodwill and intangible assets; divestiture (2) or acquisition gains or losses and related divestiture (2), acquisition and integration costs (2); the operating results of divestitures (2); remeasurement of net monetary position (5); mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts (6); impact from resolution of tax matters (7); ceo transition remuneration (8); impact from pension participation changes (9); and incremental expenses related to the 2017 malware incident. we also present "adjusted operating income margin," which is subject to the same adjustments as adjusted operating income. we also evaluate growth in our adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis (3).
•   "adjusted eps" is defined as diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international from continuing operations excluding the impacts of the items listed in the adjusted operating income definition as well as losses on debt extinguishment and related expenses; gain on equity method investment transactions; net earnings from divestitures (2); gains or losses on interest rate swaps no longer designated as accounting cash flow hedges due to changed financing and hedging plans and u.s. tax reform discrete impacts (10). similarly, within adjusted eps, our equity method investment net earnings exclude our proportionate share of our investees' unusual or infrequent items (11). we also evaluate growth in our adjusted eps on a constant currency basis (3).
(1)   when items no longer impact our current or future presentation of non-gaap operating results, we remove these items from our non-gaap definitions. during 2018, we added to the non-gaap definitions the exclusion of: remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in argentina (see footnote (5) below) and the impact from pension participation changes (see footnote (9) below).
(2)   divestitures include completed sales of businesses and exits of major product lines upon completion of a sale or licensing agreement. see note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for information on divestitures and acquisitions impacting the comparability of our results.
(3)   constant currency operating results are calculated by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate the financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current-period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period.
(4)   non-gaap adjustments related to the simplify to grow program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-gaap adjustments.
(5)   during the third quarter of 2018, as we began to apply highly inflationary accounting for argentina, we excluded the remeasurement gains or losses related to remeasuring net monetary assets or liabilities in argentina to be consistent with our prior accounting for these remeasurement gains or losses for venezuela when it was subject to highly inflationary accounting prior to 2016. see note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, for more information.
(6)   during the third quarter of 2016, we began to exclude unrealized gains and losses (mark-to-market impacts) from outstanding commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives from our non-gaap earnings measures until such time that the related exposures impact our operating results. since we purchase commodity and forecasted currency transaction contracts to mitigate price volatility primarily for inventory requirements in future periods, we made this adjustment to remove the volatility of these future inventory purchases on current operating results to facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating performance across periods. we also discontinued designating commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. to facilitate comparisons of our underlying operating results, we have recast all historical non-gaap earnings measures to exclude the mark-to-market impacts.
(7)   see note 13, commitments and contingencies - tax matters, for additional information.
(8)   on november 20, 2017, dirk van de put succeeded irene rosenfeld as ceo of mondelēz international in advance of her retirement at the end of march 2018. in order to incent mr. van de put to join us, we provided him compensation with a total combined target value of $42.5 million to make him whole for incentive awards he forfeited or grants that were not made to him when he left his former employer. the compensation we granted took the form of cash, deferred stock units, performance share units and stock options. in connection with irene rosenfeld's retirement, we made her outstanding grants of performance share units for the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance cycles eligible for continued vesting and approved a $0.5 million salary for her service as chairman from january through march 2018. we refer to these elements of mr. van de put's and ms. rosenfeld's compensation arrangements together as "ceo transition remuneration." we are excluding amounts we expense as ceo transition remuneration from our non-gaap results because those amounts are not part of our regular compensation program and are incremental to amounts we would have incurred as ongoing ceo compensation. as a result, in 2017, we excluded amounts expensed for the cash payment to mr. van de put and partial vesting of his equity grants. in 2018, we excluded amounts paid for ms. rosenfeld's service as chairman and partial vesting of mr. van de put's and ms. rosenfeld's equity grants.
(9)   the impact from pension participation changes represents the charges incurred when employee groups are withdrawn from multiemployer pension plans and other changes in employee group pension plan participation. we exclude these charges from our non-gaap results because those amounts do not reflect our ongoing pension obligations. see note 10, benefit plans, for more information.
(10) on december 22, 2017, the united states enacted tax reform legislation that included a broad range of business tax provisions as further detailed in note 15, income taxes. we exclude the discrete u.s. tax reform impacts from our adjusted eps as they do not reflect our ongoing tax obligations under u.s. tax reform.
(11) we have excluded our proportionate share of our equity method investees' unusual or infrequent items such as acquisition and divestiture related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete u.s. tax reform impacts, in order to provide investors with a comparable view of our performance across periods. although we have shareholder rights and board representation commensurate with our ownership interests in our equity method investees and review the underlying operating results and unusual or infrequent items with them each reporting period, we do not have direct control over their operations or resulting revenue and expenses. our use of equity method investment net earnings on an adjusted basis is not intended to imply that we have any such control. our gaap "diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international from continuing operations" includes all of the investees' unusual and infrequent items.
we believe that the presentation of these non-gaap financial measures, when considered together with our u.s. gaap financial measures and the reconciliations to the corresponding u.s. gaap financial measures, provides you with a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business than could be obtained absent these disclosures. because non-gaap financial measures vary among companies, the non-gaap financial measures presented in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. our use of these non-gaap financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any u.s. gaap financial measure. a limitation of these non-gaap financial measures is they exclude items detailed below that have an impact on our u.s. gaap reported results. the best way this limitation can be addressed is by evaluating our non-gaap financial measures in combination with our u.s. gaap reported results and carefully evaluating the following tables that reconcile u.s. gaap reported figures to the non-gaap financial measures in this form 10-k.
organic net revenue:
applying the definition of "organic net revenue", the adjustments made to "net revenues" (the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) were to exclude the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures. we believe that organic net revenue reflects the underlying growth from the ongoing activities of our business and provides improved comparability of results. we also evaluate our organic net revenue growth from emerging markets and power brands, and these underlying measures are also reconciled to u.s. gaap below.
for the year ended december 31, 2018                                          for the year ended december 31, 2017
emergingmarkets                    developedmarkets                   total   emergingmarkets               developedmarkets              total
(in millions)                                                                 (in millions)
net revenue              $9,659                              $16,279                   $25,938         $9,707                        $16,189                       $25,896
impact of currency       604                                    (261       )   343                     -                             -                             -
impact of acquisitions   -                                       (52       )               (52     )   -                             -                             -
impact of divestitures   -                                         -                         -         -                             (270            )             (270        )
organic net revenue      $10,263                             $15,966                   $26,229         $9,707                        $15,919                       $25,626
for the year ended december 31, 2018                                          for the year ended december 31, 2017 (1)
powerbrands                         non-powerbrands                   total   powerbrands                   non-powerbrands               total
(in millions)                                                                 (in millions)
net revenue              $19,411                              $6,527                   $25,938         $19,035                       $6,861                        $25,896
impact of currency       224                     119                           343                     -                             -                             -
impact of acquisitions   -                                       (52       )               (52     )   -                             -                             -
impact of divestitures   -                                         -                         -         -                             (270            )             (270        )
organic net revenue      $19,635                              $6,594                   $26,229         $19,035                       $6,591                        $25,626
for the year ended december 31, 2017                                          for the year ended december 31, 2016
emergingmarkets                    developedmarkets                   total   emergingmarkets               developedmarkets              total
(in millions)                                                                 (in millions)
net revenue              $9,707                              $16,189                   $25,896         $9,357                        $16,566                       $25,923
impact of currency       (19             )                       (58       )               (77     )   -                             -                             -
impact of acquisitions   -                                       (59       )               (59     )   -                             -                             -
impact of divestitures   -                                      (270       )              (270     )   (10             )             (643            )             (653        )
organic net revenue      $9,688                              $15,802                   $25,490         $9,347                        $15,923                       $25,270
for the year ended december 31, 2017                                          for the year ended december 31, 2016 (1)
powerbrands                         non-powerbrands                   total   powerbrands                   non-powerbrands               total
(in millions)                                                                 (in millions)
net revenue              $18,913                              $6,983                   $25,896         $18,372                       $7,551                        $25,923
impact of currency       (97             )       20                                        (77     )   -                             -                             -
impact of acquisitions   (59             )                         -                       (59     )   -                             -                             -
impact of divestitures   -                                      (270       )              (270     )   -                             (653            )             (653        )
organic net revenue      $18,757                              $6,733                   $25,490         $18,372                       $6,898                        $25,270
(1)   each year we reevaluate our power brands and confirm the brands in which we will continue to make disproportionate investments. as such, we may make changes in our planned investments in primarily regional power brands following our annual review cycles. for 2018, we made limited changes to our list of regional power brands and as such, we reclassified 2017 and 2016 power brand net revenues on a basis consistent with the current list of power brands. as we shift our focus to invest in a wider group of global and local brands, after 2018, we will discontinue tracking power brands and have included it here for a final full-year comparison of results on this basis.
57
adjusted operating income:
applying the definition of "adjusted operating income", the adjustments made to "operating income" (the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) were to exclude simplify to grow program; intangible asset impairment charges, mark-to-market impacts from commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivative contracts; malware incident incremental expenses, acquisition integration costs; acquisition-related and divestiture-related costs; the operating results of divestitures; gain on divestitures; the remeasurement of net monetary position; the impact from pension participation changes; the impact from the resolution of tax matters and ceo transition remuneration. we also evaluate adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis. we believe these measures provide improved comparability of underlying operating results.
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                 2017           $ change          % change
(in millions)
operating income                                        $3,312                $3,462              $(150    )       (4.3     )%
simplify to grow program (1)                               626                   777               (151    )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                     68                   109                (41    )
mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (3)        (141    )               96               (237    )
malware incident incremental expenses                        -                    84                (84    )
acquisition integration costs (4)                            3                     3                  -
acquisition-related costs (5)                               13                     -                 13
divestiture-related costs (5)                               (1    )               31                (32    )
operating income from divestiture (5)                        -                   (61    )            61
gain on divestitures (5)                                     -                  (186    )           186
remeasurement of net monetary position (6)                  11                     -                 11
impact from pension participation changes (7)              423                     -                423
impact from resolution of tax matters (8)                  (15    )             (209    )           194
ceo transition remuneration (9)                             22                    14                  8
other/rounding                                               -                    (1    )             1
adjusted operating income                               $4,321                $4,119               $202             4.9      %
unfavorable currency translation                            55                     -                 55
adjusted operating income (constant currency)           $4,376                $4,119               $257             6.2      %
58
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                            2016           $ change           % change
(in millions)
operating income                                   $3,462                $2,554               $908             35.6      %
simplify to grow program (1)                          777                 1,072               (295    )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)               109                   137                (28    )
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (3)             96                    94                  2
malware incident incremental expenses                  84                     -                 84
acquisition integration costs (4)                       3                     7                 (4    )
acquisition-related costs (5)                           -                     1                 (1    )
divestiture-related costs (5)                          31                    86                (55    )
operating income from divestiture (5)                 (61    )             (153    )            92
gain on divestitures (5)                             (186    )               (9    )          (177    )
gain on sale of intangible assets (5)                   -                   (15    )            15
impact from resolution of tax matters (8)            (209    )                -               (209    )
ceo transition remuneration (9)                        14                     -                 14
other/rounding                                         (1    )               (1    )             -
adjusted operating income                          $4,119                $3,773               $346              9.2      %
favorable currency translation                         (3    )                -                 (3    )
adjusted operating income (constant currency)      $4,116                $3,773               $343              9.1      %
(1)   refer to note 7, restructuring program, for more information.
(2)   refer to note 5, goodwill and intangible assets, for more information on trademark impairments.
(3)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, note 17, segment reporting, and non-gaap financial measures section at the end of this item for more information on the unrealized gains/losses on commodity and forecasted currency transaction derivatives.
(4)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on the acquisition of a biscuit business in vietnam.
(5)   refer to note 2, divestitures and acquisitions, for more information on prior-year divestitures, intangible asset sales and the june 7, 2018 acquisition of tate's bake shop.
(6)   refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies - currency translation and highly inflationary accounting, for information on our application of highly inflationary accounting for argentina.
(7)   refer to note 10, benefit plans, for more information.
(8)   refer to note 13, commitments and contingencies - tax matters, for more information.
(9)   refer to the non-gaap financial measures definition and related table notes.
adjusted eps:
applying the definition of "adjusted eps" (1), the adjustments made to "diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international" (the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure) were to exclude the impacts of the items listed in the adjusted operating income tables above as well as net gain or loss related to interest rate swaps; loss on debt extinguishment; u.s. tax reform discrete impacts; gain on equity method investment transactions; and our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items recorded by our jde and keurig equity method investees. we also evaluate adjusted eps on a constant currency basis. we believe adjusted eps provides improved comparability of underlying operating results.
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                 2017           $ change           % change diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international         $2.28               $1.85              $0.43             23.2      %
simplify to grow program (2)                                0.32                0.39              (0.07    )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                     0.03                0.05              (0.02    )
mark-to-market (gains)/losses from derivatives (2)         (0.09    )           0.06              (0.15    )
malware incident incremental expenses                          -                0.04              (0.04    )
acquisition integration costs (2)                              -                   -                  -
acquisition-related costs (2)                               0.01                   -               0.01
divestiture-related costs (2)                                  -                0.02              (0.02    )
net earnings from divestitures (2)                             -               (0.03    )          0.03
net gain on divestitures (2)                                   -               (0.11    )          0.11
remeasurement of net monetary position (2)                  0.01                   -               0.01
impact from pension participation changes (2)               0.22                   -               0.22
impact from resolution of tax matters (2)                  (0.01    )          (0.13    )          0.12
ceo transition remuneration (2)                             0.01                0.01                  -
net gain related to interest rate swaps (3)                (0.01    )              -              (0.01    )
loss on debt extinguishment (4)                             0.07                   -               0.07
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax expense/(benefit) (5)      0.01               (0.03    )          0.04
gain on equity method investment transactions (6)          (0.39    )          (0.02    )         (0.37    )
equity method investee acquisition-related                 (0.03    )           0.04              (0.07    )
and other adjustments (7)
adjusted eps                                               $2.43               $2.14              $0.29             13.6      %
unfavorable currency translation                            0.03                   -               0.03
adjusted eps (constant currency)                           $2.46               $2.14              $0.32             15.0      %
for the years ended december 31,
2017                                                                                               2016           $ change           % change diluted eps attributable to mondelēz international                       $1.85               $1.04              $0.81             77.9      %
simplify to grow program (2)                                              0.39                0.51              (0.12    )
intangible asset impairment charges (2)                                   0.05                0.06              (0.01    )
mark-to-market losses from derivatives (2)                                0.06                0.05               0.01
malware incident incremental expenses                                     0.04                   -               0.04
acquisition integration costs (2)                                            -                0.01              (0.01    )
divestiture-related costs (2)                                             0.02                0.05              (0.03    )
net earnings from divestitures (2)                                       (0.03    )          (0.08    )          0.05
net gain on divestitures (2)                                             (0.11    )              -              (0.11    )
gain on sale of intangible assets (2)                                        -               (0.01    )          0.01
impact from resolution of tax matters (2)                                (0.13    )              -              (0.13    )
ceo transition remuneration (2)                                           0.01                   -               0.01
loss related to interest rate swaps (3)                                      -                0.04              (0.04    )
loss on debt extinguishment (4)                                              -                0.17              (0.17    )
u.s. tax reform discrete net tax benefit (5)                             (0.03    )              -              (0.03    )
gain on equity method investment transactions (6)                        (0.02    )          (0.03    )          0.01
equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments (7)      0.04                0.03               0.01
adjusted eps                                                             $2.14               $1.84              $0.30             16.3      %
favorable currency translation                                           (0.01    )              -              (0.01    )
adjusted eps (constant currency)                                         $2.13               $1.84              $0.29             15.8      %
(1)   the tax expense/(benefit) of each of the pre-tax items excluded from our gaap results was computed based on the facts and tax assumptions associated with each item, and such impacts have also been excluded from adjusted eps.
•   for the year ended december 31, 2018, taxes for the: simplify to grow program were $(156) million, intangible asset impairment charges were $(16) million, mark-to-market gains from derivatives were $10 million, acquisition-related costs were $(3) million, impact from pension participation changes were $(108) million, impact from resolution of tax matters were $(6) million, ceo transition remuneration were $(5) million, net gain related to interest rate swaps were $2 million, loss on debt extinguishment were $(35) million, u.s. tax reform were $19 million, gain on equity method investment transaction were $192 million and equity method investee and other adjustments were $16 million.
•   for the year ended december 31, 2017, taxes for the: simplify to grow program costs were $(190) million, intangible asset impairment charges were $(30) million, acquisition integration costs were zero, gain on equity method investment transactions were $15 million, net gain on divestitures were $7 million, net earnings on divestitures were $15 million, divestiture-related costs were $8 million, loss on debt extinguishment and related costs were $(4) million, malware incident incremental costs were $(27) million, benefits from resolution of tax matters were $75 million, equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments were $10 million, ceo transition remuneration were $(5) million, mark-to-market gains/(losses) from derivatives were $(6) million and u.s. tax reform were $(44) million.
•   for the year ended december 31, 2016, taxes for the: simplify to grow program costs were $(288) million, intangible asset impairment charges were $(37) million, gain on sale of intangible assets were $3 million, acquisition integration costs were zero, net earnings from divestitures were $40 million, divestiture-related costs were $(15) million, loss on debt extinguishment and related costs were $(163) million, loss related to interest rate swaps were $(36) million, equity method investee acquisition-related and other adjustments were $3 million, gain on equity method investment transactions were $2 million and mark-to-market gains/(losses) from derivatives were $(11) million.
(2)   see the adjusted operating income table above and the related footnotes for more information.
(3)   refer to note 9, financial instruments, for information on our interest rate swaps that we no longer designate as cash flow hedges.
(4)   refer to note 8, debt and borrowing arrangements, for more information on losses on debt extinguishment.
(5)   refer to note 15, income taxes, for more information on the impact of u.s. tax reform.
(6)   refer to note 6, equity method investments, for more information on the kdp transaction in 2018, the 2017 sale of an interest in one of our equity method investments and the 2016 acquisition of an interest in keurig.
(7)   includes our proportionate share of unusual or infrequent items, such as acquisition and divestiture-related costs, restructuring program costs and discrete u.s. tax reform impacts recorded by our jde and keurig equity method investees.
