item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the other information provided in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered when evaluating an investment in shares of the company's common stock. if any of the events described in these risks were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the floor covering industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, such as consumer confidence, income and spending, corporate and government spending, interest rate levels, availability of credit and demand for housing. significant or prolonged declines in the u.s. or global economies could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
downturns in the u.s. and global economies negatively impact the floor covering industry and the company's business. during times of economic uncertainty or decline, end consumers tend to spend less on remodeling their homes, which is how the company derives a majority of its sales. likewise, new home construction - and the corresponding need for new flooring materials - tends to slow down during recessionary periods. there may be downturns in the foreseeable future that could cause the industry to deteriorate globally or in the local markets in which the company operates. a significant or prolonged decline in residential or commercial remodeling or new construction activity could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
the company may be unable to predict customer preferences or demand accurately, or to respond to technological developments.
the company operates in a market sector where demand is strongly influenced by rapidly changing customer preferences as to product design, product category and technical features. failure to quickly and effectively respond to changing customer demand or technological developments could have a material adverse effect on the business.
the company faces intense competition in the flooring industry that could decrease demand for the company's products or force it to lower prices, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the floor covering industry is highly competitive. the company faces competition from a number of manufacturers and independent distributors. maintaining the company's competitive position may require substantial investments in the company's product development efforts, manufacturing facilities, distribution network and sales and marketing activities. competitive pressures may also result in decreased demand for the company's products, force the company to lower prices or prevent the company from raising prices to keep up with inflation. moreover, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and input costs may contribute to more attractive pricing for imports that compete with the company's products, which may put pressure on the company's pricing.  any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
changes in the global economy could affect the company's overall availability and cost of credit.
a downturn in the u.s. or global economies could impact the company's ability to obtain financing in the future, including any financing necessary to refinance existing indebtedness.
further, negative economic conditions may factor into the company's periodic credit ratings assessment by moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), standard & poor's financial services, llc ("s&p") and fitch, inc. any future changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing the company's credit strength and any downgrades in the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of its existing credit and could adversely affect the cost of and ability to obtain additional credit in the future. the company can provide no assurances that downgrades will not occur. the cost and availability of credit during uncertain economic times could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
11
index to financial statements if the company were unable to meet certain covenants contained in its existing credit facilities, it may be required to repay borrowings under the credit facilities prior to their maturity and may lose access to the credit facilities for additional borrowings that may be necessary to fund its operations and growth strategy.
on march 26, 2015, the company entered into a $1,800 million, senior revolving credit facility (the "2015 senior credit facility"). as of december 31, 2018, the amount utilized under the 2015 senior credit facility was $1,452.3 million resulting in a total of $347.7 million available. the amount utilized included $1,339.8 million of commercial paper issued, $57.9 million of direct borrowings, and $54.6 million of standby letters of credit related to various insurance contracts and foreign vendor commitments.
if the company's cash flow is worse than expected, the company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness through a public and/or private debt offering or a new bank facility and may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to it, or at all. if the company is unable to access debt markets at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or weakness in the company's businesses, the company's ability to finance its operations or repay existing debt obligations may be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, the company's credit facilities include certain affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, fundamental changes, asset dispositions, dividends and other similar restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, payments and modifications of certain existing debt, future negative pledges, and changes in the nature of the company's business. in addition, the 2015 senior credit facility requires the company to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75 to 1.0. a failure to comply with the obligations contained in our current or future credit facilities or indentures relating to our outstanding public debt could result in an event of default or an acceleration of debt under other instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. we cannot be certain that we would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and may affect the comparability of results between the company's financial periods.
the results of the company's foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars from the local currency for consolidated reporting. the exchange rates between some of these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. the company may not be able to manage effectively the company's currency translation risks, and volatility in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial statements and affect comparability of the company's results between financial periods.
the company has significant operations in emerging markets, including brazil, eastern europe, malaysia, mexico and russia, and therefore has exposure to doing business in potentially unstable areas of the world.
operations in emerging markets are subject to greater risk than more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. market conditions and the political structures that support them are subject to rapid change in these economies, and the company may not be able to react quickly enough to protect its assets and business operations. in particular, developing markets in which the company operates may be characterized by one or more of the following:
•   complex and conflicting laws and regulations, which may be inconsistently or arbitrarily enforced;
•   high incidences of corruption in state regulatory agencies;
•   volatile inflation;
•   widespread poverty and resulting political instability;
•   compliance with laws governing international relations, including u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruption;
•   immature legal and banking systems;
•   uncertainty with respect to title to real and personal property;
•   underdeveloped infrastructure;
•   heavy state control of natural resources and energy supplies;
•   state ownership of transportation and supply chain assets;
12
index to financial statements
•   high protective tariffs and inefficient customs processes; and
•   high crime rates.
changes in any one or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in periods of rising costs, the company may be unable to pass raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related cost increases on to its customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the prices of raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related costs vary significantly with market conditions. although the company generally attempts to pass on increases in raw material, labor, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be recovered. during such periods of time, the company's business may be materially adversely affected.
the company may be unable to obtain raw materials or sourced product on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the principal raw materials used in the company's manufacturing operations include triexta, nylon, polypropylene, and polyester resins and fibers, which are used in the company's carpet and rug business; clay, talc, nepheline syenite and glazes, including frit (ground glass), zircon and stains, which are used in the company's ceramic tile business; wood, paper and resins, which are used in the company's wood and laminate flooring business; and glass fiber, plasticizers, and pvc resins, which are used in the company's vinyl and luxury vinyl tile business. in addition to raw materials, the company sources finished goods. for certain raw materials and sourced products, the company is dependent on one or a small number of suppliers. an adverse change in the company's relationship with such a supplier, the financial condition of such a supplier or such supplier's ability to manufacture or deliver such raw materials or sourced products to the company could lead to an interruption of supply or require the company to purchase more expensive alternatives. an extended interruption in the supply of these or other raw materials or sourced products used in the company's business or in the supply of suitable substitute materials or products would disrupt the company's operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company makes significant capital investments in its business and such capital investments may not be successful or achieve their intended results.
the company's business requires significant capital investment to expand capacity to support its growth, introduce new products and improve operating efficiencies.  since 2013, the company has invested approximately $4 billion in capital projects and intends to make similar capital investments in future periods, including between $550-$580 million of capital investments in 2019.  while the company believes that many of its past capital investments have been successful, there is no guarantee that the return on investment from the company's recent or future capital projects will be sufficient to recover the expenses and opportunity costs associated with these projects.  furthermore, a meaningful portion of the company's capital investment is based on forecasted growth in its business, which is subject to uncertainty such as general economic trends, increased competition and consumer preferences.  if the company does not accurately forecast its future capital investment needs, the company could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect its revenues and profitability.
the company relies on information systems in managing the company's operations and any system failure or deficiencies of such systems may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
the company's businesses rely on sophisticated software applications to obtain, process, analyze and manage data. the company relies on these systems to, among other things:
•   facilitate the purchase, management, distribution, and payment for inventory items;
•   manage and monitor the daily operations of the company's distribution network;
•   receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis;
•   manage accurate billing to and collections from customers;
•   control logistics and quality control for the company's retail operations;
13
index to financial statements
•   manage financial reporting; and
•   monitor point of sale activity.
the company also relies on its computer hardware, software and network for the storage, delivery and transmission of data to the company's sales and distribution systems, and certain of the company's production processes are managed and conducted by computer.
any event that causes interruptions to the input, retrieval and transmission of data or increase in the service time, whether caused by human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, system conversion, cyber attacks including and not limited to hacking, intrusions, malware or otherwise, could disrupt our normal operations. there can be no assurance that the company can effectively carry out our disaster recovery plan to handle the failure of our information systems, or that we will be able to restore our operational capacity within sufficient time to avoid material disruption to our business. the occurrence of any of these events could cause unanticipated disruptions in service, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, harm to the company's reputation and loss or misappropriation of sensitive information, which could result in loss of customers, increased operating expenses and financial losses. any such events could in turn have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
the company's inability to maintain its patent licensing revenues could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the profit margins of certain of the company's businesses, particularly the company's flooring rest of the world segment, depend in part upon the company's ability to obtain, maintain and license proprietary technology used in the company's principal product families. the company has obtained a number of patents relating to the company's products and associated methods and has filed applications for additional patents, including the uniclic and pergo family of patents, which protect its interlocking flooring technology. the majority of the uniclic patents expired in 2017. the company continues to develop new sources of revenue that may partially offset the expiration of its revenue-producing patents. the failure to develop alternative revenues could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company may experience certain risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments.
the company intends to grow its business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. growth through acquisitions involves risks, many of which may continue to affect the company after the acquisition. the company cannot give assurance that an acquired company will achieve the levels of revenue, profitability and production that the company expects. acquisitions may require the issuance of additional securities or the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing security holders or impose higher interest costs on the company. additional challenges related to the company's acquisition strategy include:
•   maintaining executive offices in different locations;
•   manufacturing and selling different types of products through different distribution channels;
•   conducting business from various locations;
•   maintaining different operating systems and software on different computer hardware; and
•   retaining key employees.
failure to successfully manage and integrate an acquisition with the company's existing operations could lead to the potential loss of customers of the acquired business, the potential loss of employees who may be vital to the new operations, the potential loss of business opportunities or other adverse consequences that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. even if integration occurs successfully, failure of the acquisition to achieve levels of anticipated sales growth, profitability, or otherwise perform as expected, may result in goodwill or other asset impairments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business. finally, acquisition targets may be subject to material liabilities that are not properly identified in due diligence and that are not covered by seller indemnification obligation or third party insurance. the unknown liabilities of the company's acquisition targets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in addition, the company has made certain investments, including through joint ventures, in which the company has a minority equity interest and lack management and operational control. the controlling joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with those of the company. business decisions or other actions or omissions of
14
index to financial statements the controlling joint venture partner, or the joint venture company, may result in harm to the company's reputation or adversely affect the value of the company's investment in the joint venture.
a failure to identify suitable acquisition candidates or partners for strategic investments and to complete acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
as part of the company's business strategy, the company intends to pursue a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of complementary businesses, as well as strategic investments and joint ventures. although the company regularly evaluates such opportunities, the company may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or to obtain sufficient financing on acceptable terms to fund such strategic transactions, which may slow the company's growth and have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company manufactures, sources and sells many products internationally and is exposed to risks associated with doing business globally.
the company's international activities are significant to its manufacturing capacity, revenues and profits; and the company is further expanding internationally. the company sells products, operates plants and invests in companies around the world. currently, the company's flooring row segment has significant operations in europe, russia, malaysia, australia and new zealand, and the company's global ceramic segment has significant operations in brazil, europe, russia and mexico. in addition, the company has invested in joint ventures in brazil and india related to laminate flooring.
the business, regulatory and political environments in these countries differ from those in the u.s. the company's international sales, operations and investments are subject to risks and uncertainties, including:
•   changes in foreign country regulatory requirements;
•   differing business practices associated with foreign operations;
•   various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses;
•   imposition of foreign or domestic tariffs and other trade barriers;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   differing inflationary or deflationary market pressures;
•   foreign country tax rules, regulations and other requirements, such as changes in tax rates and statutory and judicial interpretations in tax laws;
•   differing labor laws and changes in those laws;
•   work stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products;
•   government price controls;
•   extended payment terms and the inability to collect accounts receivable;
•   potential difficulties repatriating cash from non-u.s. subsidiaries; and
•   compliance with laws governing international relations, including those u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruption.
specifically, in europe, the uncertainty surrounding the u.k.'s participation in the european union and european single market following britain's notice to the european union of its decision to exit the eu ("brexit") may result in greater restrictions on trade between the uk and eu, which could negatively impact the company's results. additionally, brexit has caused significant volatility in currency exchange rates. sales generated by the company's u.k. businesses may be negatively impacted when they are translated from the british pound to the u.s. dollar.
the company cannot assure investors that it will succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies to address the foregoing risks effectively in each location where the company does business, and, therefore that the foregoing factors will not have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
15
index to financial statements negative tax consequences could materially and adversely affect the company's business.
the company is subject to the tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which it operates. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in calculating the provision for income taxes, the company must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. our domestic and international tax liabilities are largely dependent upon the distribution of profit before tax among these many jurisdictions. however, it also includes estimates of additional tax which may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions, including assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets. the company's future results of operations and tax liability could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently reinvested offshore, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns, and ongoing assessments of the company's tax exposures.
the company has been, and in the future may be, subject to costs, liabilities and other obligations under existing or new laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company is subject to increasingly numerous and complex laws, regulations and licensing requirements in each of the jurisdictions in which the company conducts business. the company faces risks and uncertainties related to compliance with such laws and regulations. in addition, new laws and regulations may be enacted in the u.s. or abroad that may require the company to incur additional personnel-related, environmental, or other costs on an ongoing basis, such as recently enacted healthcare legislation in the united states.
in particular, the company's operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the use, storage, treatment, recycling and disposal of materials and finished product. the applicable requirements under these laws are subject to amendment, to the imposition of new or additional requirements and to changing interpretations of agencies or courts. the company could incur material expenditures to comply with new or existing regulations, including fines and penalties and increased costs of its operations. for example, the company's manufacturing facilities may become subject to further limitations on the emission of "greenhouse gases" due to public policy concerns regarding climate change issues or other environmental or health and safety concerns. while the form of any additional regulations cannot be predicted, a "cap-and-trade" system similar to the system that applies to the company's businesses in the european union could be adopted in the united states. the company's manufacturing processes use a significant amount of energy, especially natural gas. any such "cap-and-trade" system or other limitations imposed on the emission of "greenhouse gases" could require the company to increase our capital expenditures, use its cash to acquire emission credits or restructure our manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the company's business operations could suffer significant losses from natural disasters, catastrophes, fire or other unexpected events.
many of the company's business activities involve substantial investments in manufacturing facilities and many products are produced at a limited number of locations. these facilities could be materially damaged by natural disasters, such as floods, tornados, hurricanes and earthquakes, or by fire or other unexpected events. the company could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to its reputation, and/or suffer material losses in operational capacity, which could have a material adverse impact on its business.
the company may be exposed to litigation, claims and other legal proceedings relating to its products, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in the ordinary course of business, the company is subject to a variety of product-related claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings, including those relating to product liability, product warranty, product recall, personal injury, and other matters. a very large claim or several similar claims asserted by a large class of plaintiffs could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, if the company is unable to successfully defend against or resolve these matters or if its insurance coverage is insufficient to satisfy any judgments against the company or settlements relating to these matters. although the company has product liability insurance, the policies may not provide coverage for certain claims against the company or may not be sufficient to cover all possible liabilities. further, the company may not be able to maintain insurance at commercially acceptable premium levels.
16
index to financial statements moreover, adverse publicity arising from claims made against the company, even if the claims are not successful, could adversely affect the company's reputation or the reputation and sales of its products.
the company's inability to protect its intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on the company's business the company relies, in part, on the patent, trade secret and trademark laws of the u.s., countries in the european union and elsewhere, as well as confidentiality agreements with some of the company's employees, to protect that technology. the company cannot assure investors that any patents owned by or issued to it will provide the company with competitive advantages, that third parties will not challenge these patents, or that the company's pending patent applications will be approved. the company may be unable to prevent competitors and/or third parties from using the company's technology without the company's authorization, independently developing technology that is similar to that of the company or designing around the company's patents.
furthermore, despite the company's efforts, the company may be unable to prevent competitors and/or third parties from using the company's technology without the company's authorization, independently developing technology that is similar to that of the company or designing around the company's patents. the use of the company's technology or similar technology by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage the company has developed, cause the company to lose sales or otherwise harm the company's business.
the company has obtained and applied for numerous u.s. and foreign service marks and trademark registrations and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional service marks and trademarks, as appropriate. the company cannot guarantee that any of the company's pending or future applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. a failure to obtain trademark registrations in the u.s. and in other countries could limit the company's ability to protect the company's trademarks and impede the company's marketing efforts in those jurisdictions and could have a material effect on the company's business.
the company generally requires third parties with access to the company's trade secrets to agree to keep such information confidential. while such measures are intended to protect the company's trade secrets, there can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that the company will have adequate remedies for any breach or that the company's confidential and proprietary information and technology will not be independently developed by or become otherwise known to third parties. in any of these circumstances, the company's competitiveness could be significantly impaired, which would limit the company's growth and future revenue.
third parties may claim that the company infringed their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause it to incur significant expenses or prevent it from selling the company's products.
in the past, third parties have claimed that certain technologies incorporated in the company's products infringe their patent rights. the company cannot be certain that the company's products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of others.
the company might be required to pay substantial damages (including punitive damages and attorney's fees), discontinue the use and sale of infringing products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses authorizing the use of infringing technology. there can be no assurance that licenses for disputed technology or intellectual property rights would be available on reasonable commercial terms, if at all. in the event of a successful claim against the company along with failure to develop or license a substitute technology, the company's business would be materially and adversely affected.
the long-term performance of the company's business relies on its ability to attract, develop and retain talented management.
to be successful, the company must attract, develop and retain qualified and talented personnel in management, sales, marketing, product design, and operations, and as it considers entering new international markets, skilled personnel familiar with those markets. the company competes with multinational firms for these employees and invests resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. the failure to attract, develop, motivate and retain key employees could negatively affect the company's competitive position and its operating results.
17
index to financial statements the company is subject to changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both costs and the risk of noncompliance.
the company's stock is publicly traded. as a result, the company is subject to the rules and regulations of federal and state agencies and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. these entities, including the public company accounting oversight board, the securities and exchange commission and the new york stock exchange, frequently issue new requirements and regulations. the company's efforts to comply with the regulations and interpretations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative costs and diversion of management's time and attention from profit generating activities to compliance activities.
the company's stock price is subject to volatility.
the company's stock price has experienced price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. the company, the flooring industry and the stock market have experienced stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. additionally, price volatility over a given period may cause the average price at which the company repurchases its own stock to exceed the stock's price at a given point in time.
declines in the company's business conditions may result in an impairment of the company's assets which could result in a material non-cash charge.
a significant or prolonged decrease in the company's market capitalization, including a decline in stock price, or a negative long-term performance outlook, could result in an impairment of its assets which results when the carrying value of the company's assets exceed their fair value.
forward-looking information certain of the statements in this form 10-k, particularly those anticipating future performance, business prospects, growth and operating strategies, and similar matters, and those that include the words "could," "should," "believes," "anticipates," "expects" and "estimates" or similar expressions constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. for those statements, mohawk claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will be accurate because they are based on many assumptions, which involve risks and uncertainties. the following important factors could cause future results to differ: changes in economic or industry conditions; competition; inflation and deflation in freight, raw material prices and other input costs; inflation and deflation in consumer markets; currency fluctuations; energy costs and supply; timing and level of capital expenditures; timing and implementation of price increases for the company's products; impairment charges; integration of acquisitions; international operations; introduction of new products; rationalization of operations; tax and tax reform, product and other claims; litigation; regulatory and political changes in the jurisdictions in which the company does business; and other risks identified in mohawk's sec reports and public announcements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview mohawk is a significant supplier of every major flooring category with manufacturing operations in 19 nations and sales in more than 170 countries. based on its annual sales, the company believes it is the world's largest flooring manufacturer. a majority of the company's long-lived assets are located in the united states and europe, which are also the company's primary markets. the company expects continued growth in the united states market consistent with residential housing starts and remodeling investments and has invested significantly in state-of-the-art manufacturing to create aspirational products to delight consumers with beauty and performance. the company also is a leading provider of flooring for the u.s. commercial market and has earned significant recognition for its innovation in design and performance and sustainable practices. additionally, the company maintains significant operations in europe, russia, mexico, australia, new zealand, brazil and other parts of the world. the company is growing share in many markets through its differentiated products, especially its ceramic tile collections.
during the past two decades, the company has grown significantly. its current geographic breadth and diverse product offering are reflected in three reporting segments: global ceramic; flooring north america ("flooring na"); and flooring rest of the world ("flooring row"). the global ceramic segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets a broad line of ceramic tile, porcelain tile, natural stone tile and other products including natural stone, quartz and porcelain slab countertops, which it distributes primarily in north america, europe, brazil and russia through various selling channels, which include company-owned stores, independent distributors and home centers. the flooring na segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets its floor covering product lines, including carpets, rugs, carpet cushion, wood, laminate and vinyl products, including luxury vinyl tile (lvt), which it distributes through its network of regional distribution centers and satellite warehouses using company-operated trucks, common carrier or rail transportation. the segment's product lines are sold through various selling channels, including independent floor covering retailers, distributors, home centers, mass merchandisers, department stores, shop at home, online retailers, buying groups, commercial contractors and commercial end users. the flooring row segment designs, manufactures, sources, licenses and markets laminate, wood flooring, carpets, roofing elements, insulation boards, medium-density fiberboard ("mdf"), chipboards, other wood products and vinyl products, including lvt, which it distributes primarily in europe, russia, australia and new zealand through various selling channels, which include independent floor covering retailers, independent distributors, company-owned distributors, home centers, commercial contractors and commercial end users.
the company expects sales growth to continue on a local basis in 2019, even with some softening in the european and australian markets, offset by projected growth in russia, brazil and mexico. the company has also implemented multiple product price increases in most product categories due to escalating material, transportation and energy costs in most markets. the company is managing through current macroeconomic headwinds including significant inflation, a strong u.s. dollar that is impacting currency translation as well as strengthening the competiveness of imports in the u.s. and slowing housing markets in a number of countries. while focused on addressing current conditions, the company also established a long-term growth strategy, which includes strategic acquisitions in key growth markets and targeted internal investments that are expanding the company's geographic reach and product portfolio.
in 2018, the company completed five acquisitions: two that expanded the company's global footprint with leadership positions in major markets and three that expanded the company's product offering and distribution in europe. the godfrey hirst acquisition established the company as the largest flooring manufacturer in australia and new zealand, with leading carpet and hard surface positions in both countries when combined with the company's existing regional flooring distribution business. godfrey hirst's prestigious wool carpet collections are exported to numerous international markets and have been integrated into the u.s. soft surface product portfolio to expand sales. the acquisition of brazil-based eliane provided the company with a leading ceramic tile position and the most appealing brand in one of the world's largest ceramic markets and created a gateway into the overall south american market as eliane is brazil's largest ceramic exporter. the acquisition of berghoef, a leading european mezzanine flooring company, created a leading position in a category that is rapidly expanding due to increased construction of e-commerce warehousing across the continent. the acquisition of swiss and italian hard surface distributors expanded the company's direct distribution of flooring sales in europe.
in 2018, the company invested over $794.1 million in capital projects to, introduce new product categories, enter new markets, expand capacity of constrained premium products and improve productivity.  in 2019, the company plans to invest an additional $550-$580 million in its existing businesses to complete projects that were begun in 2018 and to commence new initiatives. the largest investments during this two-year period are the expansion of lvt in the u.s. and europe, including the launch of manufactured rigid lvt collections; ceramic capacity increases in the u.s., mexico, italy, poland, bulgaria and russia as well as in the company's newly acquired ceramic business in brazil, where the company is investing in new assets to dramatically improve profitability as it did with the marazzi acquisition; new porcelain slab production in europe and russia; premium water-resistant laminate in the u.s., europe and russia; carpet tile in europe; sheet vinyl and premium sanitary ware in russia; quartz
23
index to financial statements countertops in the u.s., where the company now produces and distributes materials for all kitchen and bath surfaces; and residential and commercial carpet in the u.s. and australia, where the company is investing in assets to expand its commercial carpet presence in the recent godfrey hirst acquisition.
net earnings attributable to the company were $861.7 million, or diluted eps of $11.47 for 2018 compared to net earnings attributable to the company of $971.6 million, or diluted eps of $12.98 for 2017. the decrease in eps was primarily attributable to higher inflation, higher start-up costs, and costs due to temporarily reducing production to align with softer market conditions, partially offset by the favorable net impact of price and product mix, increased sales volume, productivity gained from capital investments, cost reduction initiatives and decreased income tax expense. the company benefited from a lower effective tax rate as a result of the recent reforms in the u.s. and belgium.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company generated $1,181.3 million of cash from operating activities. as of december 31, 2018, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $119.1 million, of which $31.0 million was in the united states and $88.1 million was in foreign countries.
recent events on november 16, 2018, the company completed its acquisition of eliane s/a revestimentos ceramicos, one of the largest ceramic tile companies in brazil, further extending mohawk's global position in new markets. pursuant to the purchase agreement, the company (i) acquired the entire issued share capital of eliane and (ii) acquired $99.0 million of indebtedness of eliane, with total cash consideration paid of $148.7 million including cash held in escrow of $5.3 million.
on january 31, 2019, the company completed an acquisition of a hard surface flooring distribution company based in the netherlands for approximately €60.6 million.
24
index to financial statements results of operations following are the results of operations for the last three years:
for the years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                          2017                                   2016
(in millions)
statement of operations data:
net sales                                                           $9,983.6         100.0   %          $9,491.3         100.0   %          $8,959.1           100.0   %
cost of sales (1)                                                    7,145.6          71.6   %           6,494.9          68.4   %           6,146.3            68.6   %
gross profit                                                         2,838.1          28.4   %           2,996.4          31.6   %           2,812.8            31.4   %
selling, general and administrative expenses (2)                     1,742.7          17.5   %           1,642.2          17.3   %           1,532.9            17.1   %
operating income                                                     1,095.3          11.0   %           1,354.2          14.3   %           1,279.9            14.3   %
interest expense (3)                                                    38.8           0.4   %              31.1           0.3   %              40.5             0.5   %
other expense (income) (4)                                               7.3           0.1   %               5.2           0.1   %              (1.7   )           -   %
earnings before income taxes                                         1,049.2          10.5   %           1,317.9          13.9   %           1,241.1            13.9   %
income tax expense (5)                                                 184.3           1.8   %             343.2           3.6   %             307.6             3.4   %
earnings from continuing operations                                    864.9           8.7   %             974.7          10.3   %             933.5            10.4   %
net earnings including noncontrolling interest                         864.9           8.7   %             974.7          10.3   %             933.5            10.4   %
less: net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest           3.2             -   %               3.1             -   %               3.2               -   %
net earnings attributable to mohawk industries, inc.                  $861.7           8.6   %            $971.6          10.2   %            $930.3            10.4   %
(1) cost of sales includes:
restructuring, acquisition and integration-related charges             $47.1           0.5   %             $36.0           0.4   %             $38.3             0.4   %
acquisition inventory step-up                                           15.4             -   %              13.3           0.1   %                 -               -   %
(2) selling, general and administrative expenses include:
restructuring, acquisition and integration-related charges              31.6           0.3   %              12.9           0.1   %              12.3             0.1   %
legal settlement and reserve                                               -             -   %                 -             -   %             (90.0   )        (1.0   )%
tradename impairment                                                       -             -   %                 -             -   %              47.9             0.5   %
other charges                                                              -             -   %                 -             -   %               9.9             0.1   %
(3) interest expense includes:
debt extinguishment costs                                                  -             -   %               0.2             -   %                 -               -   %
acquisition interest expense                                             4.3             -   %                 -             -   %                 -               -   %
(4) other expense (income) includes:
restructuring, acquisition and integration charges                      (0.2   )         -   %                 -             -   %                 -               -   %
reversal of uncertain tax position indemnification asset                 4.6             -   %               4.5             -   %               5.4             0.1   %
(5) income tax expense includes:
tax reform and related, net                                                -             -   %               0.8             -   %                 -               -   %
reversal of uncertain tax position                                      (4.6   )         -   %              (4.5   )         -   %              (5.4   )        (0.1   )%
25
index to financial statements year ended december 31, 2018, as compared with year ended december 31, 2017
net sales net sales for 2018 were $9,983.6 million, reflecting an increase of $492.3 million, or 5.2%, from the $9,491.3 million reported for 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $297 million, or 3%, which includes sales volumes attributable to acquisitions of approximately $229 million and legacy sales volumes of approximately $68 million, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $111 million, or 1%, and the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $85 million, or 1%.
global ceramic segment-net sales increased $147.8 million, or 4.3%, to $3,552.9 million for 2018, compared to $3,405.1 million for 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $150 million, or 4%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $82 million, or 2%, and legacy sales volume of approximately $68 million, or 2%, the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $9 million partially offset by the unfavorable net impact of lower price and product mix of $11 million.
flooring na segment-net sales increased $18.3 million, or 0.5%, to $4,029.1 million for 2018, compared to $4,010.9 million for 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of $51 million, or 1%, partially offset by the unfavorable net impact of lower volumes of $33 million.
flooring row segment-net sales increased $326.2 million, or 15.7%, to $2,401.6 million for 2018, compared to $2,075.5 million for 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $179 million, or 9%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $147 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $32 million, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $71 million, or 3%, and the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $76 million, or 4%.
quarterly net sales and the percentage changes in net sales by quarter for 2018 versus 2017 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2018                               2017                     change first quarter       $2,412.2           2,220.6           8.6     %
second quarter       2,577.0           2,453.0           5.1     %
third quarter        2,545.8           2,448.5           4.0     %
fourth quarter       2,448.6           2,369.1           3.4     %
total year          $9,983.6           9,491.3           5.2     %
gross profit gross profit for 2018 was $2,838.1 million (28.4% of net sales), a decrease of $158.3 million or 5.3%, compared to gross profit of $2,996.4 million (31.6% of net sales) for 2017. as a percentage of net sales, gross profit decreased 314 basis points. the decrease in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to higher inflation costs of approximately $230 million, including increased material costs of approximately $140 million, approximately $40 million of start-up costs associated with large investments to expand sales, add product categories and enter new markets, approximately $37 million of costs due to temporarily reducing production, and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related and other costs of approximately $13 million, partially offset by the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $68 million, higher sales volume of approximately $54 million and savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $28 million and the net impact of favorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $12 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2018 were $1,742.7 million (17.5% of net sales), an increase of $100.5 million or 6.1% compared to $1,642.2 million (17.3% of net sales) for 2017. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15 basis points. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily attributable to approximately $45 million of costs due to higher sales volume, approximately $19 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, higher inflation costs of approximately
26
index to financial statements
$15 million, and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related and other costs of approximately $19 million.
operating income operating income for 2018 was $1,095.3 million (11.0% of net sales) reflecting a decrease of $258.8 million, or 19.1%, compared to operating income of $1,354.2 million (14.3% of net sales) for 2017. the decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to higher inflation costs of approximately $246 million, including increased material costs of approximately $140 million, approximately $48 million of start-up costs associated with large investments to expand sales, add product categories, and enter new markets, approximately $32 million due to the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs, approximately $37 million of costs due to temporarily reducing production, and approximately $13 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, marketing, and the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates partially offset by the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $68 million, increased sales volume of approximately $9 million, and savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $35 million.
global ceramic segment-operating income was $442.9 million (12.5% of segment net sales) for 2018 reflecting a decrease of $82.5 million, or 15.7%, compared to operating income of $525.4 million (15.4% of segment net sales) for 2017. the decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to higher inflation costs of approximately $97 million, the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $28 million, approximately $25 million of costs due to temporarily reducing production, and approximately $11 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, partially offset by savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $63 million, and increased sales volume of approximately $24 million.
flooring na segment-operating income was $347.9 million (8.6% of segment net sales) for 2018 reflecting a decrease of $192.4 million, or 35.6%, compared to operating income of $540.3 million (13.5% of segment net sales) for 2017. the decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to higher inflation costs of approximately $126 million, including increased material costs of approximately $108 million, an increase in costs of approximately $64 million due to lower than expected production volumes, the ramp up of new products and higher logistics costs, lower sales volume of approximately $23 million, approximately $16 million of start-up costs associated with large investments to expand sales, add product categories, and enter new markets, and approximately $13 million of costs due to temporarily reducing production, partially offset by the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $43 million, and savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $17 million.
flooring row segment-operating income was $345.8 million (14.4% of segment net sales) for 2018 reflecting an increase of $16.7 million, or 5.1%, compared to operating income of $329.1 million (15.9% of segment net sales) for 2017. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $54 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $20 million, increased sales volume of approximately $4 million, partially offset by approximately $27 million of start-up costs associated with large investments to expand sales, add product categories, and enter new markets, higher inflation costs of approximately $23 million, and $16 million due to the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs.
interest expense interest expense was $38.8 million for 2018, reflecting an increase of $7.7 million compared to interest expense of $31.1 million for 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to the increase in interest rates during 2018 and the early extinguishment of acquisition debt.
other expense (income)
other expense was $7.3 million for 2018, reflecting an unfavorable change of $2.1 million compared to other income of $5.2 million for 2017. the change was primarily due to the increased unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates on transactions in the current year.
27
index to financial statements income tax expense for 2018, the company recorded income tax expense of $184.3 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,049.2 million for an effective tax rate of 17.6%, as compared to an income tax expense of $343.2 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,317.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 26.0% for 2017. the decrease in the year-over-year tax expense of $158.9 million was primarily driven by the geographic dispersion of the company's earnings for 2018, subject to tax at the reduced rates in effect in the u.s. and belgium, of $181.6 million, and the reduction to the transition tax and related tax planning initiatives of $163.4 million, partially offset by the one-time 2017 restatement of the company's deferred tax liabilities of $139.9 million, the one-time italian tax planning election of $10.3 million, the restatement of certain state deferred tax assets of $20.4 million, and various other items of $15.5 million.
in december of 2017, the u.s. and belgium enacted tax reform legislation. the u.s. legislation, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"), is the most significant and complex change to the u.s. tax law in more than 30 years and requires the combined effort of the company's finance, tax, and treasury departments to ensure the proper accounting of its comprehensive changes. the most significant provisions of the tcja, were the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, implementation of a territorial income tax regime, and imposition of a transition tax on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries. the most significant provisions of the belgium legislation were the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 33.99% to 29.58% for 2018 and 2019, with a further reduction to 25% effective january 1, 2020, an annual limitation on the utilization of net operating losses, and creation of a consolidated corporate income tax regime.
as a result of the tax reform legislation, for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company recorded a net tax expense of $0.8 million related primarily to the non-cash tax benefit of the revaluation of its belgian deferred tax liabilities, the non-cash tax benefit of the provisional revaluation of its u.s. deferred tax liabilities, and the tax expense of the provisional accrual associated with the deemed repatriation transition tax.  this represented a reasonable estimate of the impact of all tax law changes on the company's financial statements in accordance with sab 118. in accordance with the sab 118 measurement period, the company has completed its accounting for the income tax effects of all elements of the tcja. see note 13-income taxes.
year ended december 31, 2017, as compared with year ended december 31, 2016
net sales net sales for 2017 were $9,491.3 million, reflecting an increase of $532.2 million, or 5.9%, from the $8,959.1 million reported for 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $245 million, or 3%, which includes sales volumes attributable to acquisitions of approximately $137 million and legacy sales volumes of approximately $107 million, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $218 million, or 2%, and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $69 million, or 1%.
global ceramic segment-net sales increased $230.4 million, or 7.3%, to $3,405.1 million for 2017, compared to $3,174.7 million for 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $162 million, or 5%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $137 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $24 million, the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $39 million, or 1%, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $29 million, or 1%.
flooring na segment-net sales increased $145.1 million, or 3.8%, to $4,010.9 million for 2017, compared to $3,865.7 million for 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes of approximately $39 million, or 1%, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of $105 million, or 3%.
flooring row segment-net sales increased $156.8 million, or 8.2%, to $2,075.5 million for 2017, compared to $1,918.6 million for 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $44 million, or 2%, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $83 million, or 4%, and the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $30 million, or 2%.
28
index to financial statements quarterly net sales and the percentage changes in net sales by quarter for 2017 versus 2016 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2017                               2016                     change first quarter       $2,220.6           2,172.0           2.2     %
second quarter       2,453.0           2,310.3           6.2     %
third quarter        2,448.5           2,294.1           6.7     %
fourth quarter       2,369.1           2,182.6           8.5     %
total year          $9,491.3           8,959.1           5.9     %
gross profit gross profit for 2017 was $2,996.4 million (31.6% of net sales), an increase of $183.6 million or 6.5%, compared to gross profit of $2,812.8 million (31.4% of net sales) for 2016. as a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased 20 basis points. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $171 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $154 million, higher sales volume of approximately $58 million, and the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $17 million, partially offset by higher input costs of approximately $194 million, including increased material costs of approximately $137 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2017 were $1,642.2 million (17.3% of net sales), an increase of $109.4 million or 7.1% compared to $1,532.9 million (17.1% of net sales) for 2016. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 20 basis points. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily attributable to approximately $50 million of costs due to higher sales volume, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $33 million, approximately $23 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, increased employee costs of approximately $13 million and the unfavorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $12 million, partially offset by savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $24 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were higher in 2017 primarily due to the absence of approximately $90 million received in 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by the approximately $48 million charge related to the write-off of the lees tradename that was recorded in 2016.
operating income operating income for 2017 was $1,354.2 million (14.3% of net sales) reflecting an increase of $74.2 million, or 5.8%, compared to operating income of $1,279.9 million (14.3% of net sales) for 2016. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $178 million and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $169 million, partially offset by higher input costs of approximately $195 million, including increased material costs of approximately $137 million, approximately $23 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, increased employee costs of approximately $13 million, and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $45 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were higher in 2017 primarily due to the absence of approximately $90 million received in 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by the approximately $48 million charge related to the write-off of the lees tradename that was recorded in 2016.
global ceramic segment-operating income was $525.4 million (15.4% of segment net sales) for 2017 reflecting an increase of $47.0 million, or 9.8%, compared to operating income of $478.4 million (15.1% of segment net sales) for 2016. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $70 million, increased sales volumes of approximately $29 million, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $15 million, and the favorable net impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $10 million, partially offset by higher input costs of approximately $40 million, approximately $12 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $16 million.
flooring na segment-operating income was $540.3 million (13.5% of segment net sales) for 2017 reflecting an increase of $35.2 million, or 7.0%, compared to operating income of $505.1 million (13.1% of segment net sales) for 2016. the increase
29
index to financial statements in operating income was primarily attributable to savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $71 million, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $74 million, partially offset by higher input costs of approximately $72 million, including increased material costs of approximately $54 million, and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $33 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were higher primarily due to the absence of approximately $90 million received in 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by the approximately $48 million charge related to the write-off of the lees tradename that was recorded in 2016.
flooring row segment-operating income was $329.1 million (15.9% of segment net sales) for 2017 reflecting a decrease of $4.0 million, or (1.2)%, compared to operating income of $333.1 million (17.4% of segment net sales) for 2016. the decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to higher input costs of approximately $80 million, including increased material costs of approximately $76 million, costs associated with investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $7 million, approximately $6 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, the unfavorable net impact of exchange rates of approximately $5 million, and approximately $22 million in decreased sales volumes, primarily attributable to lower patent revenue. these decreases in operating income were partially offset by savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $37 million, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $80 million.
interest expense interest expense was $31.1 million for 2017, reflecting a decrease of $9.4 million compared to interest expense of $40.5 million for 2016. the decrease was primarily attributable to a shift in the company's borrowings to lower interest rate instruments.
other expense (income)
other expense was $5.2 million for 2017, reflecting an unfavorable change of $6.9 million compared to other income of $1.7 million for 2016. the change was primarily due to the increased unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates on transactions in the current year.
income tax expense for 2017, the company recorded income tax expense of $343.2 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,317.9 million for an effective tax rate of 26.0%, as compared to an income tax expense of $307.6 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,241.1 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 24.8% for 2016. the increase in the year-over-year effective tax rate was the direct result of the geographic dispersion of the company's earnings for 2017, decreased by $44.4 million caused by the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities triggered by the belgium corporate income tax reform, and increased by a one-time provisional net tax expense of $45.2 million resulting from the u.s. corporate income tax reform.
in december of 2017, the u.s. and belgium enacted tax reform legislation. the u.s. legislation, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"), is the most significant and complex change to the u.s. tax law in more than 30 years. the most significant provisions of the tcja, were the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, implementation of a territorial income tax regime, and imposition of a transition tax on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries. the most significant provisions of the belgium legislation were the reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 33.99% to 29.58% for january 1, 2018 and january 1, 2019, respectively, with a further reduction to 25% effective january 1, 2020, an annual limitation on the utilization of net operating losses, and creation of a consolidated corporate income tax regime.
accordingly, for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company recorded a net tax expense of $0.8 million related primarily to the non-cash tax benefit of the revaluation of its belgian deferred tax liabilities, the non-cash tax benefit of the provisional revaluation of its u.s. deferred tax liabilities, and the tax expense of the provisional accrual associated with the deemed repatriation transition tax. see note 13-income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources the company's primary liquidity requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. the company's liquidity needs are met primarily through a combination of internally generated funds, commercial paper, bank credit lines, term and senior notes and credit terms from suppliers. as of december 31, 2018, the company had a total of $347.7 million available under its 2015 senior credit facility. the company also maintains local currency revolving lines of credit and other credit facilities to provide liquidity to its businesses around the world.  none of such local facilities are material in amount.
30
index to financial statements net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended 2018 was $1,181.3 million, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $1,193.6 million for the year ended 2017. this decrease of $12.3 million was primarily attributable to a reduction in operating income and changes in working capital, reflecting normal fluctuations relative to the timing and nature of these transactions. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities for 2017 as compared to 2016 of $151.7 million was primarily attributable to changes in working capital.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 2018 was $1,332.2 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1,240.7 million for the year ended 2017. the increase was primarily due to a $318.2 million increase in acquisitions, partially offset by a $111.9 million reduction in capital expenditures. net cash used in investing activities in 2017 increased over 2016 by $568.6 million due primarily to acquisitions of $250.8 million, $83.9 million purchase of short-term investments, and an increase in capital expenditures of $233.9 million. the company will continue to invest to optimize sales and profit growth with product expansion and cost reduction projects in the business.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended 2018 was $198.0 million compared to net cash used in financing activities of $7.0 million for the year ended 2017. the change in cash provided by financing is primarily attributable to increased borrowings of commercial paper, offset by purchases of the company's shares of $274.1 million. net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 2017 was $7.0 million compared to net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 2016 of $641.6 million. this reduction of $634.6 million is primarily attributable to the issuance and sale of $357.6 million in floating rate notes in 2017 and the repayment of senior notes of $645.6 million in 2016.
senior credit facility on march 26, 2015, the company amended and restated its 2013 senior credit facility increasing its size from $1,000.0 million to $1,800.0 million and extending the maturity from september 25, 2018 to march 26, 2020 (as amended and restated, the "2015 senior credit facility"). the 2015 senior credit facility eliminated certain provisions in the 2013 senior credit facility, including those that: (a) accelerated the maturity date to 90 days prior to the maturity of senior notes due in january 2016 if certain specified liquidity levels were not met; and (b) required that certain subsidiaries guarantee the company's obligations if the company's credit ratings fell below investment grade. the 2015 senior credit facility also modified certain negative covenants to provide the company with additional flexibility, including flexibility to make acquisitions and incur additional indebtedness. on march 1, 2016, the company amended the 2015 senior credit facility to, among other things, carve out from the general limitation on subsidiary indebtedness the issuance of euro-denominated commercial paper notes by subsidiaries. additionally, at several points in 2016, the company extended the maturity date of the 2015 senior credit facility from march 26, 2020 to march 26, 2021. in the first half of 2017, the company amended the 2015 senior credit facility to extend the maturity date from march 26, 2021 to march 26, 2022.
at the company's election, revolving loans under the 2015 senior credit facility bear interest at annual rates equal to either (a) libor for 1, 2, 3 or 6 month periods, as selected by the company, plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.00% and 1.75% (1.125% as of december 31, 2018), or (b) the higher of the wells fargo bank, national association prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.5%, or the eurocurrency rate (as defined in the 2015 senior credit facility) rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.00% and 0.75% (0.125% as of december 31, 2018). the company also pays a commitment fee to the lenders under the 2015 senior credit facility on the average amount by which the aggregate commitments of the lenders exceed utilization of the 2015 senior credit facility ranging from 0.10% to 0.225% per annum (0.125% as of december 31, 2018). the applicable margins and the commitment fee are determined based on whichever of the company's consolidated net leverage ratio or its senior unsecured debt rating (or if not available, corporate family rating) results in the lower applicable margins and commitment fee (with applicable margins and the commitment fee increasing as that ratio increases or those ratings decline, as applicable).
the obligations of the company and its subsidiaries in respect of the 2015 senior credit facility are unsecured.
the 2015 senior credit facility includes certain affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, subsidiary indebtedness, fundamental changes, asset dispositions, dividends and other similar restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, future negative pledges, and changes in the nature of the company's business. the company is also required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75 to 1.0, each as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. the limitations contain customary exceptions or, in certain cases, do not apply as long as the company is in compliance with the financial ratio requirements and is not otherwise in default.
31
index to financial statements the 2015 senior credit facility also contains customary representations and warranties and events of default, subject to customary grace periods.
in 2017, the company paid financing costs of $0.6 million in connection with the extension of its 2015 senior credit facility from march 26, 2021 to march 26, 2022. these costs were deferred and, along with unamortized costs of $6.9 million are being amortized over the term of the 2015 senior credit facility.
as of december 31, 2018, amounts utilized under the 2015 senior credit facility included $57.9 million of borrowings and $54.6 million of standby letters of credit related to various insurance contracts and foreign vendor commitments. the outstanding borrowings of $1,339.8 million under the company's u.s. and european commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2018 reduce the availability of the 2015 senior credit facility. including commercial paper borrowings, the company has utilized $1,452.3 million under the 2015 senior credit facility resulting in a total of $347.7 million available as of december 31, 2018.
commercial paper on february 28, 2014 and july 31, 2015, the company established programs for the issuance of unsecured commercial paper in the united states and eurozone capital markets, respectively. commercial paper issued under the u.s. and european programs will have maturities ranging up to 397 and 183 days, respectively. none of the commercial paper notes may be voluntarily prepaid or redeemed by the company and all rank pari passu with all of the company's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. to the extent that the company issues european commercial paper notes through a subsidiary of the company, the notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the company.
the company uses its 2015 senior credit facility as a liquidity backstop for its commercial paper programs. accordingly, the total amount outstanding under all of the company's commercial paper programs may not exceed $1,800.0 million (less any amounts drawn on the 2015 senior credit facility) at any time.
the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes will be available for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2018 there was $632.7 million outstanding under the u.s. commercial paper program, and the euro equivalent of $707.2 million under the european program. the weighted-average interest rate and maturity period for the u.s. program were 2.98% and 27.64 days, respectively. the weighted-average interest rate and maturity period for the european program were (0.21)% and 28.61 days, respectively.
senior notes on may 18, 2018, mohawk capital finance s.a. ("mohawk finance"), an indirect wholly-owned finance subsidiary of the company, completed the issuance and sale of €300.0 million aggregate principal amount of its floating rate notes due may 18, 2020 ("2020 floating rate notes"). the 2020 floating rate notes are senior unsecured obligations of mohawk finance and rank pari passu with all of mohawk finance's other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. the 2020 floating rate notes are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the company on a senior unsecured basis. these notes bear interest at a rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to three-month euribor plus 0.3% (but in no event shall the interest rate be less than zero). interest on the 2020 floating rate notes is payable quarterly on august 18, november 18, february 18, and may 18 of each year. mohawk finance paid financing costs of $0.9 million in connection with the 2020 floating rate notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 2020 floating rate notes.
on september 11, 2017, mohawk finance completed the issuance and sale of €300.0 million aggregate principal amount of its floating rate notes due september 11, 2019 ("2019 floating rate notes"). the 2019 floating rate notes are senior unsecured obligations of mohawk finance and rank pari passu with all of mohawk finance's other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. the 2019 floating rate notes are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the company on a senior unsecured basis. these notes bear interest at a rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to three-month euribor plus 0.3% (but in no event shall the interest rate be less than zero). interest on the 2019 floating rate notes is payable quarterly on september 11, december 11, march 11, and june 11 of each year. mohawk finance paid financing costs of $0.9 million in connection with the 2019 floating rate notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 2019 floating rate notes.
on june 9, 2015, the company issued €500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due january 14, 2022 ("2.00% senior notes"). the 2.00% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank pari passu with all of the company's existing and future unsecured indebtedness. interest on the 2.00% senior notes is payable annually in cash on january 14 of each year, commencing on january 14, 2016. the company paid financing costs of $4.2 million in connection
32
index to financial statements with the 2.00% senior notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 2.00% senior notes.
on january 31, 2013, the company issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.85% senior notes due february 1, 2023 ("3.85% senior notes"). the 3.85% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank pari passu with all of the company's existing and future unsecured indebtedness. interest on the 3.85% senior notes is payable semi-annually in cash on february 1 and august 1 of each year. the company paid financing costs of $6.0 million in connection with the 3.85% senior notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 3.85% senior notes.
as defined in the related agreements, the company's senior notes contain covenants, representations and warranties and events of default, subject to exceptions, and restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, restrictions on entering into sale and leaseback transactions, fundamental changes, and a provision allowing the holder of the notes to require repayment upon a change of control triggering event.
accounts receivable securitization on december 19, 2012, the company entered into a three-year on-balance sheet trade accounts receivable securitization agreement (the "securitization facility"). on september 11, 2014, the company made certain modifications to its securitization facility, which modifications, among other things, increased the aggregate borrowings available under the facility from $300.0 million to $500.0 million and decreased the interest margins on certain borrowings. amounts borrowed under the securitization facility bore interest at libor plus an applicable margin of 0.70% per annum and the borrower paid a commitment fee at a per annum rate of 0.30% on the unused amount of each lender's commitment. on december 10, 2015, the company extended the termination date to december 19, 2016, and on december 13, 2016, the company extended the termination date to december 19, 2017. the company paid financing costs of $0.3 million in connection with the second extension. these costs were deferred and amortized over the term of the securitization facility. the securitization facility expired in accordance with its terms on december 19, 2017.
other the company may continue, from time to time, to retire its outstanding debt through cash purchases in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amount involved may be material.
as of december 31, 2018, the company had cash of $119.1 million, of which $88.1 million was held outside the united states. the company plans to permanently reinvest the cash held outside the united states. the company believes that its cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under its 2015 senior credit facility will be sufficient to meet its capital expenditure, working capital and debt servicing requirements over the next twelve months.
as of december 31, 2018, the company has repurchased $274.1 million of its shares of common stock pursuant to the $500 million program announced in october. all of these repurchases have been financed through the company's operations and existing finance arrangements. see item 5 - issuer purchases of equity securities.
33
contractual obligations and commitments the following is a summary of the company's future minimum payments under contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2018 (in millions):
total               2019          2020          2021          2022          2023           thereafter contractual obligations and commitments:
long-term debt, including current maturities and capital leases      $3,263.1            1,742.4         344.3           0.6         572.6         600.4              2.8
interest payments on long-term debt and capital leases (1)              150.2               54.2          34.7          34.7          24.2           2.1              0.4
operating leases                                                        366.5              116.1          93.7          66.1          42.2          22.2             26.1
purchase commitments (2)                                                574.9              184.5          81.1          54.3          25.5          25.5            204.0
expected pension contributions (3)                                        2.6                2.6             -             -             -             -                -
uncertain tax positions (4)                                               3.0                3.0             -             -             -             -                -
guarantees (5)                                                            8.8                8.8             -             -             -             -                -
total                                                                $4,369.1            2,111.5         553.8         155.7         664.5         650.2            233.3
(1)   for fixed rate debt, the company calculated interest based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for variable rate debt, the company estimated average outstanding balances for the respective periods and applied interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2018 to these balances.
(2)   includes volume commitments for natural gas, electricity and raw material purchases.
(3)   includes the estimated pension contributions for 2019 only, as the company is unable to estimate the pension contributions beyond 2019. the company's projected benefit obligation and plan assets as of december 31, 2018 were $63.6 million and $54.3 million, respectively. the projected benefit obligation liability has not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(4)   excludes $27.7 million of non-current accrued income tax liabilities and related interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions. these liabilities have not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(5)   includes bank guarantees and letters of credit.
critical accounting policies in preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, the company must make decisions which impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, the company applies judgment based on its understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances and historical experience. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. some of those significant accounting policies require the company to make subjective or complex judgments or estimates. critical accounting estimates are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.
the company believes the following accounting policies require it to use judgments and estimates in preparing its consolidated financial statements and represent critical accounting policies.
34
index to financial statements
•   accounts receivable and revenue recognition. the company recognizes revenues when it satisfies performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control of the promised goods to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. the nature of the promised goods are ceramic, stone, carpet, resilient, laminate, wood and other flooring products. payment is typically received 90 days or less from the invoice date. the company adjusts the amounts of revenue for expected cash discounts, sales allowances, returns, and claims, based upon historical experience. the company adjusts accounts receivable for doubtful account allowances based upon historical bad debt, claims experience, periodic evaluation of specific customer accounts, and the aging of accounts receivable. if the financial condition of the company's customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. a 10% change in the company's allowance for discounts, returns, claims and doubtful accounts would have affected net earnings by approximately $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
•   inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). cost has been determined using the first-in first-out method ("fifo"). costs included in inventory include raw materials, direct and indirect labor and employee benefits, depreciation, general manufacturing overhead and various other costs of manufacturing. market, with respect to all inventories, is replacement cost or net realizable value. inventories on hand are compared against anticipated future usage, which is a function of historical usage, anticipated future selling price, expected sales below cost, excessive quantities and an evaluation for obsolescence. actual results could differ from assumptions used to value obsolete inventory, excessive inventory or inventory expected to be sold below cost, and a 10% change in the company's assumptions for excess or obsolete inventory would have affected net earnings by approximately $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2018.
•   acquisition accounting. the fair value of the consideration the company pay for each new acquisition is allocated to tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity and goodwill. the accounting for acquisitions involves a considerable amount of judgment and estimate, including the fair value of certain forms of consideration; fair value of acquired intangible assets involving projections of future revenues and cash flows that are then either discounted at an estimated discount rate or measured at an estimated royalty rate; fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including potential contingencies; and the useful lives of the acquired assets. the assumptions used are determined at the time of the acquisition in accordance with accepted valuation models. projections are developed using internal forecasts, available industry and market data and estimates of long-term rates of growth for the business. the impact of prior or future acquisitions on the company's financial position or results of operations may be materially impacted by the change in or initial selection of assumptions and estimates. see note 2-acquisitions for further discussion of business combination accounting valuation methodology and assumptions.
•   goodwill and other intangibles. goodwill is tested annually for impairment on the first day of the fourth quarter or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. the company considers the relationship between its market capitalization and its book value, among other factors, when reviewing for indicators of impairment. the goodwill impairment tests are based on determining the fair value of the specified reporting units based on management judgments and assumptions using the discounted cash flows and comparable company market valuation approaches. the company has identified global ceramic, flooring na and flooring row as its reporting units for the purposes of allocating goodwill and intangibles as well as assessing impairments. the valuation approaches are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change such as judgments and assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"), and comparable company market multiples. when developing these key judgments and assumptions, the company considers economic, operational and market conditions that could impact the fair value of the reporting unit. however, estimates are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectations regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood, differ in some respects from actual future results. should a significant or prolonged deterioration in economic conditions occur, such as declines in spending for new construction, remodeling and replacement activities; the inability to pass increases in the costs of raw materials and fuel on to customers; or a decline in comparable company market multiples, then key judgments and assumptions could be impacted. generally, a decline in estimated after tax cash flows of more than 35% or a more than 26% increase in wacc or a significant or prolonged decline in market capitalization could result in an additional indication of impairment.
the impairment test for intangible assets not subject to amortization involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. these judgments and assumptions are subject to the variability discussed above.
35
index to financial statements the impairment evaluation for indefinite lived intangible assets, which for the company are its trademarks, is conducted on the first day of the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. the determination of fair value used in the impairment evaluation is based on discounted estimates of future sales projections attributable to ownership of the trademarks. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. the judgments and assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are generally consistent with past performance and are also consistent with the projections and assumptions that are used in operating plans. such assumptions are subject to change as a result of changing economic and competitive conditions. the determination of fair value is highly sensitive to differences between estimated and actual cash flows and changes in the related discount rate used to evaluate the fair value of the trademarks. estimated cash flows are sensitive to changes in the economy among other things.
the company reviews its long-lived asset groups, which include intangible assets subject to amortization, which for the company are its patents and customer relationships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such asset groups may not be recoverable. recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by these asset groups. if such asset groups are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal and are no longer depreciated.
the company conducted its annual assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles on the first day of the fourth quarter and no impairment was indicated for 2018.
•   income taxes. the company's effective tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which it operates. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating the company's tax positions. deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in a future period. the company evaluates the recoverability of these future tax benefits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income inherently rely on estimates, including business forecasts and other projections of financial results over an extended period of time. in the event that the company is not able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance is provided. the company would recognize such amounts through a charge to income in the period in which that determination is made or when tax law changes are enacted. for further information regarding the company's valuation allowances, see note 13-income taxes.
in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon the company's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available as of the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, as required by the provisions of the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") fasb accounting standards codification topic ("asc") 740-10. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. for further information regarding the company's uncertain tax positions, see note 13-income taxes.
•   environmental and legal accruals. environmental and legal accruals are estimates based on judgments made by the company relating to ongoing environmental and legal proceedings, as disclosed in the company's consolidated financial statements. in determining whether a liability is probable and reasonably estimable, the company consults with its internal experts. the company believes that the amounts recorded in the accompanying financial statements are based on the best estimates and judgments available to it.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1(u), "summary of significant accounting policies", of the company's accompanying audited consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a description of recent accounting pronouncements including the dates, or expected dates of adoption, and effects, or expected effects, on the company's disclosures, results of operations, and financial condition.
36
index to financial statements impact of inflation inflation affects the company's manufacturing costs, distribution costs and operating expenses. the company expects raw material prices, many of which are petroleum based, to fluctuate based upon worldwide supply and demand of commodities utilized in the company's production processes. although the company attempts to pass on increases in raw material, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be fully recovered. in the past, the company has often been able to enhance productivity and develop new product innovations to help offset increases in costs resulting from inflation in its operations.
seasonality the company is a calendar year-end company. with respect to its flooring na and global ceramic segments, the second quarter typically sees the higher net sales and operating income, followed by the first and third quarters. the results of operations for the fourth quarter tends to be the weakest. these results are primarily due to consumer residential spending patterns which have historically decreased during the holiday season and the first two months following. the flooring row segment's second quarter typically produces the highest net earnings followed by moderate first and third quarters and a weaker fourth quarter.
37
