item 1a.    risk factors you should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. these risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
risks relating to the company generally acquisitions and dispositions risks we face risks when we acquire businesses, including risks related to our proposed acquisition of jlt.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including a total of 114 in the period from 2013 to 2018. in september 2018, we announced our agreement to acquire the jardine lloyd thompson group plc ("jlt"). we expect the acquisition of jlt (the "jlt transaction") to close in the spring of 2019; however, we can provide no assurance that the various conditions to closing the jlt transaction will be satisfied.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the business of jlt or any other business that we may acquire into our own business, or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from such integration. the potential difficulties that we may face which could cause the results of the acquisition of jlt or any other business to differ from our expectations, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   the retention of key colleagues and clients;
•   failure to implement our business plan for the combined business or to achieve anticipated revenue or profitability targets;
•   delays or difficulties in completing the integration of acquired companies or assets;
•   higher than expected costs, lower than expected cost savings and/or a need to allocate resources to manage unexpected operating difficulties;
•   issues in integrating information and technology, accounting, tax, financial reporting, human resources, and other systems;
•   assumption of unknown liabilities, or other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities;
•   weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack;
•   changes in applicable laws and regulations, including changes in tax laws and any changes in the u.k. and europe related to brexit;
•   diversion of attention and resources of management;
•   promoting or retaining a positive corporate culture;
•   retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;
•   for acquisitions in which the acquired company's financial performance is incorporated into our financial results, either in full or in part, the dependence on the acquired company's accounting, financial reporting and similar systems, controls and processes;
•   the difficulty of implementing the required controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a u.s. public company, including compliance with the requirements under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, and the potential for significant deficiencies or material weaknesses related to controls and procedures, particularly for acquisitions of companies headquartered outside the u.s.;
•   the ability to receive dividends and other payments from newly acquired companies; and
•   compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and u.s. sanctions laws.
12
in addition, if in the future the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. given the significant size of the company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period.
we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to complete the transactions we decide to pursue with favorable results.
when we dispose of businesses, we may continue to be subject to certain liabilities of that business after its disposition relating to the prior period of our ownership and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. we are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims.
our operating companies provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory and actuarial services, to clients around the world. as a result, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "e&o claims." in our risk and insurance services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients' risks, advise clients, place coverage or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. in our consulting segment, where we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims could include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investments, actuarial, pension administration and other services. these consulting segment services frequently involve complex calculations and other analysis, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (v) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers and implementation of the client's investment policy. we provide these services to a broad client base, including clients in the public sector for our investment services. matters often relate to services provided by the company dating back many years. such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. we may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
in establishing liabilities for e&o claims under generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), the company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, actuarial analysis by oliver wyman group, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. a liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the liability is assessed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the challenges inherent in establishing liabilities in accordance with gaap, as well as the unpredictability of e&o claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
we are subject to regulatory investigations, reviews and other inquiries that consume significant management time and, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we are subject to regulatory investigations, reviews and other inquiries that consume significant management time and, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our
13
business, results of operations or financial condition. for example, in october 2017, the company received a notice that the directorate-general for competition of the european commission had commenced a civil investigation of a number of insurance brokers, including marsh, regarding "the exchange of commercially sensitive information between competitors in relation to aviation and aerospace insurance and reinsurance broking products and services in the european economic area, as well as possible coordination between competitors." in july 2017, the directorate-general for competition of the european commission together with the irish competition and consumer protection commission conducted on-site inspections at the offices of marsh and other industry participants in dublin in connection with an investigation regarding the "possible participation in anticompetitive agreements and/or concerted practices contrary to [e.u. competition law] in the market for commercial motor insurance in the republic of ireland." in january 2019, we received a notice that the administrative council for economic defense anti-trust agency in brazil had commenced an administrative proceeding against a number of insurance brokers, including marsh, and insurers "to investigate an alleged sharing of sensitive commercial and competitive confidential information" in the aviation insurance and reinsurance sector.
these regulatory matters are ongoing, and we are unable to predict their likely timing, outcome or ultimate impact. additional information regarding these investigations and certain other legal and regulatory proceedings is set forth in note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report. in addition, by virtue of the acquisition of jlt, we will assume the legal liabilities of jlt upon closing. accordingly, upon closing of the acquisition, we will become responsible for jlt's legal and regulatory exposures, some of which may be currently unidentified.
we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the united kingdom, the european union and its member states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by agencies such as the securities and exchange commission, finra and state insurance regulators in the united states, the fca and the competition and markets authority (cma) in the united kingdom, and the european commission in the european union, as further described above under part i, item 1 - business (regulation) of this report. we are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act. we are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. in some cases, these laws and regulations may decrease the need for our services, increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply or are accused of failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, we may become subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients or other parties, and we may become exposed to negative publicity or reputational damage. moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
14
in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend or repeal applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. such authorities may require the company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. in some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. in the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions.
cybersecurity and data protection risks we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems.
we rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. in the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties. this electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients' personal data. our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems-related modes of attack. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. we could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols.
we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers or "hactivists" (activist hackers), through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats. these techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), hacking and denial-of-service attacks. because these techniques change frequently and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems.
as the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, "open source" software, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet (known as the "internet of things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. our policies, employee training (including phishing prevention training), procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. in addition, the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks.
should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our systems, such as data encryption (including data at rest encryption), heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or
15
deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. the volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. in addition to remediating newly identified vulnerabilities, previously identified vulnerabilities must also be continuously addressed. accordingly, we are at risk that cyber attackers exploit these known vulnerabilities before they have been addressed. due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors are issuing security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we perpetually face the substantial risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. we are also dependent on third party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients. in addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud hosted by third-party providers. some of these vendors and third parties also have direct access to our systems. we are at risk of a cyber-attack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party's data protection processes or the cyber-attackers gaining access to our infrastructure through the third party. to the extent that a vendor or third party suffers a cyber-attack that compromises its operations, we could incur significant costs and possible service interruption, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, and in september 2018 we announced the agreement to acquire jlt. the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
we have from time to time experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices or misconfiguration of software or hardware resulting in inadvertent exposure of confidential or proprietary information. like many companies, we are subject to social engineering attacks such as regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections and data losses. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. in the event of a cyber-attack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related data and system incidents.
16
the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation.
in operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive employee and client data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. we leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. as a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states, europe and around the world regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cyber-security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. in particular, the number of high-profile security breaches at major companies continues to accelerate, which will likely lead to even greater regulatory scrutiny.
the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, the e.u. general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the european commission's jurisdictional reach of its laws and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. much remains unknown with respect to how to interpret and implement the gdpr. eu member states are tasked under the gdpr to enact certain implementing legislation that would add to or further interpret the gdpr requirements and potentially extend our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classification of data and our commitment to a range of administrative, technical and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers outside of the eu, our compliance with the gdpr's requirements will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use to satisfy the gdpr's requirements, including as eu member states enact their legislation.
the implementation of the gdpr has led other jurisdictions to amend, or propose legislation to amend, their existing data protection laws to align with the requirements of the gdpr with the aim of obtaining an adequate level of data protection to facilitate the transfer of personal data to most jurisdictions from the eu. accordingly, the challenges we face in the eu will likely also apply to other jurisdictions outside the eu that adopt laws similar in construction to the gdpr or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. for example, brazil, china, india and japan have also proposed or adopted sweeping new data protection laws, in some cases including data localization laws that will require that personal data stay within their borders. at a state level, california has enacted a broad consumer privacy law that will come into effect in 2020 and several other states have introduced similar bills, or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. in addition to data protection laws, countries and states in the u.s. are enacting cybersecurity laws and regulations. for example, the new york state department of financial services issued in 2017 cybersecurity regulations which impose an array of detailed security measures on covered entities. these requirements are being phased in and the last of them comes into effect on march 1, 2019. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. unauthorized disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose) could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. given the complexity of operationalizing the gdpr, the maturity level of proposed compliance frameworks and the relative lack of guidance in the interpretation of its numerous requirements, we and our clients are at risk of enforcement actions taken by eu data protection authorities or litigation from consumer advocacy groups acting on behalf of data subjects.
17
competitive risks our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change.
to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. the threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies and others. these players are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence (ai), robotics and blockchain, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate.
in order to maintain a competitive position, we must continue to upgrade our legacy operating technology and invest in new technologies and new ways to deliver our products and services. we have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as well as investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. these investments may be costly, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. in some cases, we depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
failure to maintain our corporate culture or damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we strive to create a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and respect and feel comfortable speaking up to report instances of misconduct or other concerns. we are a people business, and our ability to attract and retain employees and clients is highly dependent upon our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace, our level of service, trustworthiness, ethical business practices and other qualities. our colleagues are the cornerstone of this culture, and acts of misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct by us or those currently or formerly associated with us in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment-related offenses such as sexual harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, and the use and protection of data and systems, satisfaction of client expectations, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. any damage to our reputation could affect the confidence of our clients, rating agencies, regulators, stockholders and the other parties in a wide range of transactions that are important to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
the loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely upon the contributions of our senior management team to establish and implement our business strategy and to manage the future growth of our business. the loss of any of the senior management team could limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy or adversely affect our ability to retain existing and attract new clients. moreover, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of members of our senior management team.
across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining client relationships as well as performing the services on which our revenues are earned. it is therefore important for us to attract, incentivize and retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. we face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent and the general mobility of colleagues.
losing colleagues who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. and, subject to applicable enforceable restrictive
18
covenants, if a key employee were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services.
we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation.
as a global professional services firm, the company faces intense, sustained competition in each of its businesses, and the competitive landscape continues to change and evolve. our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. if we are unable to respond successfully to the changing conditions we face, our businesses, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely impacted.
in our risk and insurance services segment, in addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete intensely against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage and risk advisory firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. in the last ten years, private equity sponsors have invested tens of billions of dollars into the insurance brokerage sector, transforming existing players and creating new ones to compete with large global and regional brokers. we also compete with in-house brokers, captive insurance companies, insurance and reinsurance companies that market and service their insurance products directly to consumers and without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services, including those that rely almost exclusively on technological solutions or platforms. this competition is intensified by an industry trend toward a "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, where a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account. in addition, third party capital providers have entered the insurance and reinsurance risk transfer market offering products and capital directly to our clients that serve as substitutes for traditional insurance.
in our consulting segment, we compete for business with numerous consulting firms and similar organizations, many of whom also provide, or are affiliated with firms that provide, accounting, information systems, technology and financial services. such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage.
consolidation in the industries we serve could adversely affect our business.
companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current clients merge, or consolidate or combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients. if one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for its services, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. any of these or similar possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business. the insurance industry continued to see robust market consolidation in 2018, and this trend could continue or accelerate in 2019. as insurance and reinsurance companies continue to consolidate, guy carpenter's smaller client base may be more susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, business process management, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. these third parties include correspondents, agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, plan trustees, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, investment managers, risk modeling providers, outsourced providers of client-
19
related services and providers of human resource functions, such as recruiters. as we do not fully control the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay and expense. a failure by the third parties to comply with service level agreements, or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
business resiliency risks our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. the risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like new york or london, where we have significant operations and approximately 3,500 colleagues in each location, and in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks or military conflicts.
our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. if a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. a cyber-attack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations or our ability to recover data, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. for example, hackers have increasingly targeted companies by attacking internet-connected industrial control and safety control systems. an extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues.
we regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. however, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. our business disruption insurance may also not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption.
financial risks the ongoing effects from the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act could make our results difficult to predict.
our effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future as a result of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"), which included significant changes in u.s. income tax law that has a meaningful impact on our provision for income taxes and requires significant judgments and estimates in interpretation and calculations. we made reasonable estimates of the effects of the deemed repatriation of earnings and other transitional provisions and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. the provisional estimates were trued up during 2018 pursuant to sab 118. however, these estimates and the ongoing impact of the tcja are based on our current knowledge and
20
assumptions, and therefore the ultimate impacts remain uncertain. given the significant complexity of the tcja, the potential for new legislation or additional guidance from u.s. treasury, the securities and exchange commission, the financial accounting standards board or other regulatory authorities related to the tcja, recognized impacts in future periods could be significantly different from our current estimates. such uncertainty may also result in increased scrutiny from, or disagreements with, tax authorities.
the enacted tax legislation included, among other new provisions, a reduction in the corporate tax rate, new limitations on the deductibility of net interest, a tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), and the base erosion and anti-abuse tax ("beat"). with respect to gilti, we are experiencing relatively high effective tax rates on our foreign source earnings because of the limitation on foreign tax credits on income already subject to tax rates higher than the u.s. rate. the provision continues to be subject to additional regulatory guidance and possible legislative changes, which make predicting its impact on our tax rate difficult. in addition, the interaction of gilti with the interest expense limitations may negatively impact our effective tax rate. in addition, due to potential revisions to regulations issued by the u.s. treasury, or other legal or regulatory changes, it cannot be certain that we will not be subject to the beat. the beat levies a significant tax on cross border payments to related group companies. while we operate in a manner that currently limits our exposure to beat, uncertainty about the financial impact on us of this new tax remains and there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to material amounts of beat in the future.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions, political events and market conditions.
macroeconomic conditions, political events and other market conditions around the world affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. these conditions may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. changes in macroeconomic and political conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain.
the united kingdom's pending exit from the european union, referred to as "brexit," continues to create political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the european union. the uncertainty surrounding the implementation and effect of brexit may cause increased economic volatility, affecting our operations and business. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to european union markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. the measures could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause us to lose clients and colleagues. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which european union laws to replace or replicate. these developments may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of financial markets, both in the u.k. and globally. any of these factors could affect the demand for our services. furthermore, currency exchange rates in gbp and the euro with respect to each other and the u.s. dollar have already been adversely affected by these developments. should this foreign exchange volatility continue, it could cause volatility in our quarterly financial results.
in addition, any changes in u.s. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in "trade wars," which could affect volume of economic activity in the united states, including demand for our services.
our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. these risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. in addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may continue to experience reduced investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk remain at or near their current low levels. if the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the
21
value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. finally, the value of the company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations.
if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. as of december 31, 2018, our receivables for our commissions and fees were approximately $4.0 billion, or approximately one-quarter of our total annual revenues, and portions of our receivables are increasingly concentrated in certain businesses and geographies.
macroeconomic or political conditions could result in financial difficulties for our clients, which could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance or default on their payment obligations to us.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms.
the maintenance and growth of our business, the payment of dividends and our ability to make share repurchases rely on our access to capital, which depends in large part on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of equity and debt financing. certain of our businesses such as gc securities, a division of mmc securities, llc and mmc securities (europe) limited also rely on financings by us to fund their underwriting of debt and equity capital raising offerings by their clients. there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient positive cash flow to finance all of our capital needs or that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms. in addition, our ability to obtain financing will depend in part upon prevailing conditions in credit and capital markets, which are beyond our control.
our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate.
our defined benefit pension obligations and the assets set aside to fund those obligations are sensitive to certain changes in the financial markets. any such changes may result in increased pension expense or additional cash payments to fund these plans.
the company has significant defined benefit pension obligations to its current and former employees, totaling approximately $14.5 billion, and related plan assets of approximately $14.4 billion, at december 31, 2018 on a u.s. gaap basis. the company's policy for funding its defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth by law. in the united states, contributions to these plans are based on erisa guidelines. outside the united states, contributions are generally based on statutory requirements and local funding practices, which may differ from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., for example, the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee. currently, the use of these assumptions results in a lower funded status than determined under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
the financial calculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans are complex. pension plan assets could decrease as the result of poor future asset performance. also, pension plan liabilities, periodic pension expense and future funding amounts could increase as a result of a decline in the interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, longer lifespans than those reflected in our mortality assumptions, changes in investment markets that result in lower expected returns on assets, actual investment return that is less than the expected return on assets, adverse changes in laws or regulations and other variables.
while we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of pension volatility on our earnings and cash funding requirements, these strategies may not be successful. accordingly, given the magnitude of our worldwide pension plans, variations in or reassessment of the preceding or other factors or potential miscalculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans could cause significant fluctuation from year to year in our earnings and cash flow, as well as our pension plan assets, liabilities and equity, and may result in increased levels of contributions to our pension plans.
22
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business.
approximately 52% of our business is located outside of the united states. we are subject to exchange rate movement because we must translate the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars and also because some of our subsidiaries receive revenue other than in their functional currencies. exchange rate movements may change over time, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows reported in u.s. dollars. our u.s. operations earn revenue and incur expenses primarily in u.s. dollars. in certain jurisdictions, however, while risk and insurance services operations generate revenue in a number of different currencies, expenses are almost entirely incurred in local currency. due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we are subject to economic exposure as well as currency translation exposure on the net operating results of our operations. because the non-u.s. based revenue that is exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations is approximately 52% of total revenue, exchange rate movement can have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. for additional discussion, see "market risk and credit risk-foreign currency risk" in part ii, item 7a ("quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk") of this report.
the purchase price of the jlt transaction is denominated in gbp. to hedge the risk of appreciation in gbp, we entered into a deal contingent foreign exchange contract ("fx contract"), which is discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. for each 1% increase or decrease in the gbp/u.s. dollar exchange rate, the fair value of the fx contract will increase (dollar weakens) or decrease (dollar strengthens) by approximately $70 million. as of december 31, 2018, the gbp had depreciated 3.4% since we entered into the fx contract in september 2018. furthermore, and as noted above, the unknown impacts of brexit may expose us to additional exchange rate fluctuations in gbp. we expect to record fair value gains or losses, which may be significant, through the consolidated statement of income until the closing of the jlt transaction.
we may not be able to receive dividends or other distributions in needed amounts from our subsidiaries.
the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. because we do not have significant operations of our own, we are dependent upon dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders, repurchasing our common stock under our share repurchase program and paying corporate expenses. in the event our operating subsidiaries are unable to pay sufficient dividends and make other payments to the company, we may not be able to service our debt, pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock or meet our other obligations.
further, the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside the united states. funds from the current year's earnings of the company's non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states. a number of factors could arise that could limit our ability to repatriate funds or could make repatriation cost-prohibitive, including, but not limited to, the imposition of currency controls and other government restrictions on repatriation in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the imposition of withholding and other taxes on such payments.
in the event we are unable to generate or repatriate cash from our operating subsidiaries, our overall liquidity could deteriorate and our ability to finance our obligations, including to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock, could be adversely affected.
our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly.
quarterly variations in revenues and operating results may occur due to several factors. these include:
•   the number of client engagements during a quarter;
•   the possibility that clients may decide to delay or terminate a current or anticipated project as a result of factors unrelated to our work product or progress;
•   fluctuations in hiring and utilization rates and clients' ability to terminate engagements without penalty;
23
•   the impact of changes in accounting standards or in our accounting estimates or assumptions, including from the adoption of the revenue recognition, pension or lease accounting standards;
•   the impact of fair value changes in the fx contract for the jlt transaction;
•   the impact on us or our clients of changes in legislation, regulation and legal guidance or interpretations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including with respect to the tcja;
•   seasonality due to the impact of regulatory deadlines, policy renewals and other timing factors to which our clients are subject;
•   the success of our acquisitions or investments;
•   macroeconomic factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and global securities markets, particularly in the case of mercer, where fees in its investments business and certain other business lines are derived from the value of assets under management or administration; and
•   general economic conditions, including factors beyond our control affecting economic conditions such as severe weather or other catastrophic events, since results of operations are directly affected by the levels of business activity of our clients, which in turn are affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve.
a significant portion of our total operating expenses is relatively fixed in the short term. therefore, a variation in the number of client assignments or in the timing of the initiation or the completion of client assignments can cause significant variations in quarterly operating results for these businesses.
credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk.
currently, the company's senior debt is rated a- by s&p and baa1 by moody's. the ratings from both s&p and moody's currently carry a negative outlook.
if we need to raise capital in the future (for example, in order to fund maturing debt obligations or finance acquisitions or other initiatives), credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs, and could limit our access to financing sources. further, a downgrade to a rating below investment-grade could result in greater operational risks through increased operating costs and increased competitive pressures.
we have debt outstanding that could adversely affect our financial flexibility.
we have incurred significant debt in order to finance the jlt transaction. as of december 31, 2018, we had total consolidated debt outstanding of approximately $5.8 billion. in january 2019, we issued $5 billion aggregate amount of senior notes to finance, in part, the jlt transaction. we expect to incur additional debt before the closing of the jlt transaction in order to finance the remaining purchase price.
the level of debt outstanding could adversely affect our financial flexibility by reducing our ability to use cash from operations for other purposes, including working capital, dividends to shareholders, share repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. in addition, we are subject to risks that, at the time any of our outstanding debt matures, we will not be able to retire or refinance the debt on terms that are acceptable to us. we also face the risk of a credit rating downgrade if we do not retire or refinance the debt to levels acceptable to the credit rating agencies in a timely manner.
global operations we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations.
we conduct business globally. in 2018, approximately 52% of the company's total revenue was generated from operations outside the united states, and over one-half of our employees were located outside the united states. we expect to expand our non-u.s. operations further. in particular, the jlt transaction will significantly expand our non-u.s. operations in jurisdictions such as the u.k., asia, south america and australia upon close.
24
the geographic breadth of our activities (and the activities of jlt upon the consummation of the jlt transaction) subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance and reputational risks. these include, among others, risks relating to:
•   economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate;
•   client concentration in certain high-growth countries in which we operate;
•   the length of payment cycles and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•   unexpected increases in taxes or changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations, including recent international initiatives to require multinational enterprises, like ours, to report profitability on a country-by-country basis, which could increase scrutiny by, or cause disagreements with, foreign tax authorities;
•   potential transfer pricing-related tax exposures that may result from the flow of funds among our subsidiaries and affiliates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate;
•   withholding or other taxes that foreign governments may impose on the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   potential conflicts of interest that may arise as we expand the scope of our businesses and our client base;
•   international hostilities, international trade disputes, terrorist activities, natural disasters and infrastructure disruptions;
•   local investment or other financial restrictions that foreign governments may impose;
•   potential lawsuits, investigations, market studies, reviews or other activity by foreign regulatory or law enforcement authorities or legislatively appointed commissions, which may result in potential modifications to our businesses, related private litigation or increased scrutiny from u.s. or other regulators;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations (including tax systems) administered by foreign government agencies, some of which may conflict with u.s. or other sources of law;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying, or monitoring compliance, with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010;
•   limitations or restrictions that foreign or u.s. governments and regulators may impose on the products or services we sell, the methods by which we sell our products and services and the manner in which and the amounts we are compensated;
•   limitations that foreign governments may impose on the conversion of currency or the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   engaging and relying on third parties to perform services on behalf of the company; and
•   potential difficulties in monitoring employees in geographically dispersed locations.
25
risks relating to our risk and insurance services segment our risk and insurance services segment, conducted through marsh and guy carpenter, represented 55% of the company's total revenue in 2018. our business in this segment is subject to particular risks.
results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity.
demand for many types of insurance and reinsurance generally rises or falls as economic growth expands or slows. this dynamic affects the level of commissions and fees generated by marsh and guy carpenter. to the extent our clients become adversely affected by declining business conditions, they may choose to limit their purchases of insurance and reinsurance coverage, as applicable, which would inhibit our ability to generate commission revenue and other revenue based on premiums placed by us. also, the insurance they seek to obtain through us may be impacted by changes in their assets, property values, sales or number of employees, which may reduce our commission revenue, and they may decide not to purchase our risk advisory or other services, which would inhibit our ability to generate fee revenue. moreover, insolvencies and combinations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies and combinations in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients or by limiting our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business, as well as our revenues from insurers. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability.
a significant portion of our risk and insurance services revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. we do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. the potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to the normal cycles of pricing in the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets.
as traditional insurance companies continue to rely on non-affiliated brokers or agents to generate premium, those insurance companies may seek to reduce their expenses by lowering their commission rates. the reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility or declines in premiums, may significantly affect our revenue and profitability. because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenues, including whether they will significantly decline. as a result, we may have to adjust our plans for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenues, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by disintermediation and the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the use of captive insurers, and the presence of capital markets-based solutions for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and insurances services segment depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical services and other advice that we provide, including the consulting and analytics services that we provide to insurers. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest more broadly, could have a material adverse effect on marsh's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ways in which insurance intermediaries are compensated receive scrutiny from regulators in part because of the potential for anti-competitive behavior and conflicts of interest. the vast majority of the compensation that marsh receives is in the form of retail fees and commissions that are paid by the client or paid from premium that is paid by the client. the amount of other compensation that we receive from
26
insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions, has increased in the last several years, both on an underlying basis and through acquisition. this other compensation includes payment for (i) consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; (ii) administrative and other services provided to insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota shares, lineslips, panels and other facilities); and (iii) contingent commissions (paid by insurers based on factors such as volume or profitability of marsh's placements). these other revenue streams present potential regulatory, litigation and reputational risks that may arise from alleged anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest, and future changes in the regulatory environment may impact our ability to collect such revenue. adverse regulatory, legal or other developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and expose the company to negative publicity and reputational harm.
risks relating to our consulting segment our consulting segment, conducted through mercer and oliver wyman group, represented 45% of our total revenue in 2018. our businesses in this segment are subject to particular risks.
mercer's investment management and related services (ims) business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-party investment managers, operational risk, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business.
mercer's ims business provides clients with investment consulting and investment management (also referred to as "delegated solutions" or "fiduciary management") services. in the investment consulting business, clients make and implement their own investment decisions based upon advice provided by mercer. in its delegated solutions business, mercer implements the client's investment policy by engaging and overseeing third-party asset managers who determine which investments to buy and sell. to effect implementation of a client's investment policy, mercer may utilize its "manager of managers" investment funds.
mercer's ims business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-parties, our operations, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance and scrutiny, which could arise in connection with these offerings. for example, mercer's due diligence on an asset manager may fail to uncover material deficiencies or fraud that could result in investment losses to a client. there is a risk that mercer will fail to properly implement a client's investment policy, which could cause an incorrect or untimely allocation of client assets among asset managers or strategies. mercer may also be perceived as recommending certain asset managers to clients, or offering delegated solutions to an investment consulting client, solely to enhance its own compensation. asset classes may perform poorly, or asset managers may underperform their benchmarks, due to poor market performance, a downturn in the global equity markets, negligence or other reasons, resulting in poor returns or loss of client capital. these risks, if realized, could result in significant liability and damage our business.
revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset markets, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments.
global economic conditions may negatively impact businesses and financial institutions. many of our clients, including financial institutions, corporations, government entities and pension plans, have reduced expenses, including amounts spent on consulting services, and used internal resources instead of consultants during difficult economic periods. the evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. if the economy or markets in which we operate experience weakness or deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, some of mercer's ims business generate fees based upon the value of the clients' assets under management or advisement. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency, real estate, commodities or other asset classes could cause the value of assets under management or advisement, and the fees received by mercer, to decline. such changes could also cause clients to withdraw funds from mercer's ims business in favor of other investment service providers. in either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. mercer's ims business also could be adversely affected by an accelerated shift away from actively managed
27
investments to passively managed investments with associated lower fees. further, revenue received by mercer as investment manager to the majority of the mercer-managed investment funds is reported in accordance with u.s. gaap on a gross basis rather than a net basis, with sub-advisor fees reflected as an expense. therefore the reported revenue for these offerings does not fully reflect the amount of net revenue ultimately attributable to mercer.
demand for many of mercer's benefits services is affected by government regulation and tax laws, rulings, policies and interpretations, which drive our clients' needs for benefits-related services. significant changes in government regulations affecting the value, use or delivery of benefits and human resources programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans, defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of mercer's services.
factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer.
mercer currently provides corporate trustees, multi-employer and public clients with actuarial, consulting and administration services relating to defined benefit pension plans. the nature of our work is complex. a number of mercer's clients have frozen or curtailed their defined benefit plans and have moved to defined contribution plans resulting in reduced revenue for mercer's retirement business. these developments and a continued or accelerated rate of decline in revenues for our defined benefit pension plans business could adversely affect mercer's business and operating results. in addition, our actuarial services involve numerous assumptions and estimates regarding future events, including interest rates used to discount future liabilities, estimated rates of return for a plan's assets, healthcare cost trends, salary projections and participants' life expectancies. our consulting services involve the drafting and interpretation of trust deeds and other complex documentation governing pension plans. our administration services include calculating benefits within complicated pension plan structures. clients dissatisfied with our services have brought, and may bring, significant claims against us, particularly in the united states and the united kingdom.
the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on ensuring that our consultants maintain adequate utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of our consultants' working hours devoted to billable activities). our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   our ability to transition consultants promptly from completed projects to new assignments, and to engage newly-hired consultants quickly in revenue-generating activities;
•   our ability to continually secure new business engagements, particularly because a portion of our work is project-based rather than recurring in nature;
•   our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;
•   our ability to manage attrition;
•   unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements;
•   the potential for conflicts of interest that might require us to decline client engagements that we otherwise would have accepted;
•   our need to devote time and resources to sales, training, professional development and other non-billable activities;
•   the potential disruptive impact of acquisitions and dispositions; and
•   general economic conditions.
if the utilization rate for our consulting professionals declines, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
in addition, the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on the prices we are able to charge for our services. the prices we charge are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services;
•   market demand for the services we provide;
28
•   our ability to develop new services and the introduction of new services by competitors;
•   the pricing policies of our competitors;
•   the extent to which our clients develop in-house or other capabilities to perform the services that they might otherwise purchase from us; and
•   general economic conditions.
if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for our services, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general marsh & mclennan companies, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "company") is a global professional services firm offering clients advice and solutions in risk, strategy and people. its businesses include: marsh, the insurance broker, intermediary and risk advisor; guy carpenter, the risk and reinsurance specialist; mercer, the provider of hr and investment related financial advice and services; and oliver wyman group, the management, economic and brand consultancy. with over 65,000 colleagues worldwide and annual revenue of $15 billion, the company provides analysis, advice and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 130 countries.
the company conducts business through two segments:
•   risk and insurance services includes risk management activities (risk advice, risk transfer and risk control and mitigation solutions) as well as insurance and reinsurance broking and services. the company conducts business in this segment through marsh and guy carpenter.
•   consulting includes health, wealth and career consulting services and products, and specialized management, economic and brand consulting services. the company conducts business in this segment through mercer and oliver wyman group.
we describe the primary sources of revenue and categories of expense for each segment below, in our discussion of segment financial results. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 in this report. the accounting policies used for each segment are the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements.
pending acquisition on september 18, 2018, the company announced that it had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition of jardine lloyd thompson group plc ("jlt"), a public company organized under the laws of england and wales (the "jlt transaction"). under the terms of the transaction, jlt shareholders will receive £19.15 in cash for each jlt share, which values jlt's existing issued and to be issued share capital at approximately £4.3 billion (or approximately $5.6 billion based on an exchange rate of u.s. $1.31:£1). the company intends to implement the transaction by way of a scheme of arrangement under part 26 of the united kingdom companies act 2006, as amended. in addition, the company expects to repay existing jlt debt in connection with the closing of the transaction.
the transaction was approved by jlt shareholders on november 7, 2018. the transaction remains subject to conditions and certain further terms, including, among others, (i) the sanction of the transaction by the high court of justice in england and wales, (ii) completion of the transaction no later than december 31, 2019 and (iii) the receipt of certain antitrust, regulatory and other approvals. subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all relevant conditions, the transaction is expected to be completed in the spring of 2019.
this management's discussion & analysis ("md&a") contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "information concerning forward-looking statements" at the outset of this report.
33
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31,(in millions, except per share figures)        2018            2017            2016
revenue                                                                     $14,950         $14,024         $13,211
expense compensation and benefits                                                     8,605           8,085           7,694
other operating expenses                                                      3,584           3,284           3,086
operating expenses                                                           12,189          11,369          10,780
operating income                                                             $2,761          $2,655          $2,431
income from continuing operations                                            $1,670          $1,510          $1,795
discontinued operations, net of tax                                               -               2               -
net income before non-controlling interests                                  $1,670          $1,512          $1,795
net income attributable to the company                                       $1,650          $1,492          $1,768
basic net income per share
- continuing operations                                                       $3.26           $2.91           $3.41
- net income attributable to the company                                      $3.26           $2.91           $3.41
diluted net income per share
- continuing operations                                                       $3.23           $2.87           $3.38
- net income attributable to the company                                      $3.23           $2.87           $3.38
average number of shares outstanding
- basic                                                                         506             513             519
- diluted                                                                       511             519             524
shares outstanding at december 31,                                              504             509             514
in 2018, the company's results of operations and earnings per share were significantly impacted by the following items:
•   in connection with the transaction, to hedge the risk of appreciation of the gbp-denominated purchase price relative to the u.s. dollar, in september 2018, the company entered into a deal contingent foreign exchange contract (the "fx contract") to, solely upon consummation of the transaction, purchase £5.2 billion and sell a corresponding amount of u.s. dollars at a contracted exchange rate. the fx contract is discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. an unrealized loss of $325 million related to the fair value changes to this derivative has been recognized in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2018, largely due to the depreciation of the gbp from september 2018. the company expects to record fair value gains and losses, which may be significant, through its income statement until the completion of the transaction.
•   to secure funding for the transaction, the company entered into a bridge loan agreement with aggregate commitments of £5.2 billion in september 2018. the company paid approximately $35 million of customary upfront fees related to the bridge loan, which are being amortized as interest expense based on the period of time the facility is expected to be in effect. the company recorded interest expense of approximately $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 related to the amortization of the bridge loan fees. the commitments under the bridge loan agreement were reduced by £3.79 billion as a result of a $5 billion aggregate amount of senior notes issued in january 2019.
•   in addition, to hedge the economic risk of increases in interest rates prior to its issuance of senior notes in january 2019, in the fourth quarter of 2018, the company entered into treasury lock contracts related to $2 billion of the expected debt. these economic hedges were not designated as accounting hedges. the company recorded an unrealized loss of $116 million related to the changes in the fair value of these derivatives in the consolidated statement of income for the year
34
ended december 31, 2018. in january 2019, upon issuance of the $5 billion of senior notes, the company settled the treasury lock contracts and made a payment to its counter party for $122 million. an additional charge of $6 million will be recorded in the first quarter of 2019 related to the settlement of the treasury lock derivatives.
•   the company owns approximately 33% of the common stock of alexander forbes ("af"), a south african company listed on the johannesburg stock exchange, which it purchased in 2014 for 7.50 south african rand per share. based on the duration of time and the extent to which the shares traded below their cost, the company concluded the decline in value of the investment was other than temporary and recorded a charge of $83 million in the 2018 consolidated statement of income.
•   pension settlement charge - the defined benefit pension plans in the u.k. allow participants an option for the payment of a lump sum distribution from plan assets before retirement in full satisfaction of the retirement benefits due to the participant as well as any survivor's benefit. the company's policy under applicable u.s. gaap is to treat these lump sum payments as a partial settlement of the plan liability if they exceed the sum of service cost plus interest cost components of net period pension cost of a plan for the year ("settlement thresholds"). the amount of lump sum payments through december 31, 2018 exceeded the settlement thresholds in two of the u.k. plans. the company recorded non-cash settlement charges, primarily related to these plans of $42 million in december 2018 in the consolidated statement of income, of which approximately 90% impacted risk and insurance services.
in 2017, the company's results of operations and earnings per share were impacted, in part, by two significant items:
•   u.s. tax reform - on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tcja"). the tcja provides for a reduction in the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% and the creation of a territorial tax system. the tcja also changes the deductibility of certain expenses, primarily executive officers compensation. an aggregate charge of $460 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 as a result of the enactment of the tcja. the tcja provides for a transition to the territorial system through a deemed repatriation tax (the "transition tax") on undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company recorded a provisional charge of $240 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 as an estimate of u.s. transition taxes and ancillary effects, including state taxes and foreign withholding taxes related to the change in permanent reinvestment status with respect to our pre-2018 foreign earnings. this transition tax is payable over eight years. the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, reduces the value of the u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities, accordingly, a net charge of $220 million was also recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 in the consolidated statement of income.
•   pension settlement charge - similar to the item discussed above, the company recorded a non-cash settlement charge, primarily related to its u.k. plans of $54 million in 2017, of which approximately 85% impacted risk and insurance services.
consolidated operating income increased 4%, to $2.8 billion in 2018 compared with $2.7 billion in 2017, reflecting the impact of 7% increases in both revenue and operating expenses. income before income taxes decreased 15%, to $2.2 billion. this decrease primarily resulted from the significant items discussed above (the "significant items"), which reduced income before taxes by 21%, and more than offset the increase in operating income. net income attributable to the company ("after tax income") increased 11%, of which 9% was due to the year-over-year increase in operating earnings and investment income related to the change in fair value of equity securities, partly offset by the significant items discussed above and higher interest expense. the year over year impact of the significant items was 2% of the increase.
diluted earnings per share increased 13% to $3.23 in 2018 compared with $2.87 in 2017. this increase primarily resulted from an increase in operating earnings and investment income related to the change in fair value of equity securities, partly offset by the significant items discussed above and higher interest expense, as well as a 2% decrease in the average number of shares outstanding. the negative earnings per share impact of the significant items was in 2018, largely offset by the year-over-year impact of the
35
$460 million charge in 2017 related to u.s. tax reform, which together resulted in a net increase of approximately $.06 in diluted earnings per share.
average diluted shares outstanding for 2018 decreased to 511 million, compared with 519 million during 2017. share repurchases during the year were partly offset by the shares issued related to vesting of share awards and the exercise of employee stock options.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $133 million, or 8%, in 2018 compared with 2017. revenue increased 8%, reflecting a 5% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions. expense increased 8% or 5% on an underlying basis in 2018 compared with 2017.
consulting operating income decreased $11 million, or 1%, to $1.1 billion in 2018 compared with 2017, reflecting the combined impact of a 5% growth in revenue and 6% in expense.
consolidated operating income increased 9%, to $2.7 billion, in 2017 compared to $2.4 billion in 2016, reflecting the combined impact of a 6% increase in revenue and a 5% increase in expenses as compared to the prior year.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $150 million, or 9% in 2017 compared with 2016. revenue increased 7% reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 4% increase from acquisitions. expense increased 6% compared with 2016.
consulting operating income increased $72 million, or 7%, to $1.1 billion in 2017 compared with 2016, reflecting the combined impact of 5% growth for both revenue and expense.
consolidated revenue and expense revenue - components of change the company conducts business in many countries. as a result, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. similarly, certain other items such as the revenue impact of acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, and the impact of the new revenue standard, asc 606, may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. underlying revenue measures the change in revenue from one period to another by isolating these impacts. the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, on the company's operating revenues by segment was as follows:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                                                              components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2018                    2017                 % change gaaprevenue          currency impact                        acquisitions/          revenue standard impact           underlying revenue dispositions/ other impact risk and insurance services marsh                                         $6,877                  $6,404                       7            %              -                              3               %                  -                              4           %
guy carpenter                                  1,286                   1,187                       8            %              1         %                    -                                  -                              7           %
subtotal                                       8,163                   7,591                       8            %              1         %                    3               %                  -                              5           %
fiduciary interest income                         65                      39
total risk and insurance services              8,228                   7,630                       8            %              -                              3               %                  -                              5           %
consulting mercer                                         4,732                   4,528                       5            %              1         %                    1               %                  -                              3           %
oliver wyman group                             2,047                   1,916                       7            %              1         %                    -                                  -                              5           %
total consulting                               6,779                   6,444                       5            %              1         %                    1               %                  -                              3           %
corporate/eliminations                           (57     )               (50     )
total revenue                                $14,950                 $14,024                       7            %              1         %                    2               %                  -                              4           %
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
36
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                                                                                                                                            components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)                                 2018                                                        2017                                        % change gaaprevenue                              currency impact                    acquisitions/ dispositions/ other                      revenue standard impact                           underlying revenue marsh:
emea                                                                   $2,132                                                      $2,033                                            5              %                             3              %                                 1                  %                             -                                            -
asia pacific                                                              683                                                         645                                            6              %                             -                                                -                                                -                                            5              %
latin america                                                             400                                                         404                                           (1             )%                           (10             )%                                 3                  %                             -                                            6              %
total international                                                     3,215                                                       3,082                                            4              %                             1              %                                 1                  %                             -                                            2              %
u.s./canada                                                             3,662                                                       3,322                                           10              %                             -                                                5                  %                             -                                            6              %
total marsh                                                            $6,877                                                      $6,404                                            7              %                             -                                                3                  %                             -                                            4              %
mercer:
defined benefit consulting &amp; administration                        $1,279                                                      $1,381                                           (7             )%                             1              %                                (5                 )%                             -                                           (4             )%
investment management &amp; related services                              906                                                         767                                           18              %                             -                                                9                  %                             -                                            9              %
total wealth                                                            2,185                                                       2,148                                            2              %                             1              %                                 -                                                -                                            1              %
health                                                                  1,735                                                       1,648                                            5              %                             -                                                1                  %                             -                                            4              %
career                                                                    812                                                         732                                           11              %                             -                                                6                  %                             -                                            5              %
total mercer                                                           $4,732                                                      $4,528                                            5              %                             1              %                                 1                  %                             -                                            3              %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions, transfers among businesses, changes in estimate methodology and the impact of the new revenue standard.
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                                    components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2017                    2016                  % change gaaprevenue         currencyimpact            acquisitions/ dispositions/ other            underlyingrevenue risk and insurance services marsh                                         $6,404                  $5,976                        7            %                      -                         5                  %                 3          %
guy carpenter                                  1,187                   1,141                        4            %                      -                         -                                    4          %
subtotal                                       7,591                   7,117                        7            %                      -                         4                  %                 3          %
fiduciary interest income                         39                      26
total risk and insurance services              7,630                   7,143                        7            %                      -                         4                  %                 3          %
consulting mercer                                         4,528                   4,323                        5            %                      -                         2                  %                 2          %
oliver wyman group                             1,916                   1,789                        7            %                      -                         -                                    7          %
total consulting                               6,444                   6,112                        5            %                      -                         2                  %                 4          %
corporate/eliminations                           (50     )               (44     )
total revenue                                $14,024                 $13,211                        6            %                      -                         3                  %                 3          %
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
37
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                                                                                               components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)                                 2017                                                        2016                                        % change gaaprevenue                               currencyimpact                    acquisitions/ dispositions/ other                            underlyingrevenue marsh:
emea                                                                   $2,033                                                      $1,924                                            6              %                            (1             )%                                 7                  %                             -
asia pacific                                                              645                                                         635                                            2              %                             -                                               (5                 )%                             6              %
latin america                                                             404                                                         374                                            8              %                            (3             )%                                 3                  %                             7              %
total international                                                     3,082                                                       2,933                                            5              %                            (1             )%                                 4                  %                             2              %
u.s. / canada                                                           3,322                                                       3,043                                            9              %                             -                                                6                  %                             4              %
total marsh                                                            $6,404                                                      $5,976                                            7              %                             -                                                5                  %                             3              %
mercer:
defined benefit consulting &amp; administration                        $1,381                                                      $1,447                                           (5             )%                            (1             )%                                (2                 )%                            (2             )%
investment management &amp; related services                              767                                                         606                                           26              %                             1              %                                15                  %                            10              %
total wealth                                                            2,148                                                       2,053                                            5              %                             -                                                3                  %                             2              %
health                                                                  1,648                                                       1,588                                            4              %                             -                                                2                  %                             2              %
career                                                                    732                                                         682                                            7              %                             -                                                2                  %                             5              %
total mercer                                                           $4,528                                                      $4,323                                            5              %                             -                                                2                  %                             2              %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions, transfers among businesses and changes in estimate methodology.
effective january 1, 2017, mercer established a wealth business reflecting a unified client strategy for its former retirement and investment business. the 2016 information in the chart above has been conformed to the current presentation.
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
revenue consolidated revenue was $15 billion in 2018, an increase of 7%, or 4% on an underlying basis. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 8% in 2018 compared with 2017, or 5% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 4% and 7% on an underlying basis at marsh and guy carpenter, respectively, as compared with 2017. the consulting segment's revenue increased 5% compared with 2017, or 3% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 3% and 5% on an underlying basis at mercer and oliver wyman group, respectively, as compared with 2017. as discussed in more detail in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the adoption of the new revenue standard shifted income among quarters from historical patterns, but did not have a significant year-over-year impact on annual revenue.
consolidated revenue was $14 billion in 2017, an increase of 6%, or 3% on an underlying basis. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 7% in 2017 compared with 2016, or 3% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 3% and 4% on an underlying basis at marsh and guy carpenter, respectively, as compared with 2016. the consulting segment's revenue increased 5% compared with 2016, or 4% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 2% and 7% on an underlying basis at mercer and oliver wyman group, respectively, as compared with 2016.
operating expense consolidated operating expenses increased 7% in 2018 compared with 2017, or 5% on an underlying basis. the increase in underlying expenses is primarily due to higher base salaries, incentive compensation, asset based fees, recoverable expenses and costs associated with the acquisition of jlt as well as the impact of severance and consulting costs related to the marsh simplification initiative and mercer business restructure discussed below under "risk and insurance services" and "consulting", respectively.
consolidated operating expenses increased 5% in 2017 compared with 2016, or 2% on an underlying basis. the increase in underlying expenses was primarily due to higher base salaries and incentive compensation costs, partly offset by lower costs related to liabilities for errors and omissions.
38
risk and insurance services in the risk and insurance services segment, the company's subsidiaries and other affiliated entities act as brokers, agents or consultants for insureds, insurance underwriters and other brokers in the areas of risk management, insurance broking and insurance program management services, primarily under the name of marsh; and engage in reinsurance broking, catastrophe and financial modeling services and related advisory functions, primarily under the name of guy carpenter.
marsh and guy carpenter are compensated for brokerage and consulting services primarily through fees paid by clients or commissions paid out of premiums charged by insurance and reinsurance companies. commission rates vary in amount depending upon the type of insurance or reinsurance coverage provided, the particular insurer or reinsurer, the capacity in which the broker acts and negotiates with clients. revenues can be affected by premium rate levels in the insurance/reinsurance markets, the amount of risk retained by insurance and reinsurance clients themselves and by the value of the risks that have been insured since commission-based compensation is frequently related to the premiums paid by insureds/reinsureds. in many cases, fee compensation may be negotiated in advance, based on the type of risk, coverage required and service provided by the company and ultimately, the extent of the risk placed into the insurance market or retained by the client. the trends and comparisons of revenue from one period to the next can be affected by changes in premium rate levels, fluctuations in client risk retention and increases or decreases in the value of risks that have been insured, as well as new and lost business, and the volume of business from new and existing clients.
marsh also receives other compensation from insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions. this compensation includes, among other things, payment for consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; administrative and other services provided to or on behalf of insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota share, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate); and contingent commissions. marsh and guy carpenter also receive interest income on certain funds (such as premiums and claims proceeds) held in a fiduciary capacity for others. the investment of fiduciary funds is regulated by state and other insurance authorities. these regulations typically require segregation of fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made with them. interest income from these investments varies depending on the amount of funds invested and applicable interest rates, both of which vary from time to time. for presentation purposes, fiduciary interest is segregated from the other revenues of marsh and guy carpenter and separately presented within the segment, as shown in the revenue by segments charts presented earlier in this md&a.
the results of operations for the risk and insurance services segment are presented below:
(in millions of dollars, except percentages)            2018                2017                2016
revenue                                           $8,228              $7,630              $7,143
compensation and benefits                          4,485               4,171               3,904
other operating expenses                           1,879               1,728               1,658
operating expenses                                 6,364               5,899               5,562
operating income                                  $1,864              $1,731              $1,581
operating income margin                             22.7   %            22.7   %            22.1   %
revenue revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 8% in 2018 compared with 2017, due to a 5% growth in underlying revenue and 3% growth from acquisitions. the adoption of the new revenue standard shifted revenue among quarters from historical patterns, but did not have a significant year-over-year impact on annual revenue.
in marsh, revenue increased 7% to $6.9 billion in 2018 as compared with 2017, reflecting a 4% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions. u.s./canada had underlying revenue growth of 6%. international operations increased 2% on an underlying basis, reflecting increases of 5% in asia pacific and 6% in latin america, while growth in emea was flat.
39
guy carpenter's revenue increased 8% to $1.3 billion in 2018 compared with 2017, or 7% on an underlying basis.
fiduciary interest income was $65 million in 2018 compared with $39 million in 2017 due to the combined effect of higher average invested funds and higher interest rates.
the risk and insurance services segment completed twelve acquisitions during 2018. information regarding those acquisitions is included in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 7% in 2017 compared with 2016, due to a 3% growth in underlying revenue and 4% growth from acquisitions.
in marsh, revenue increased 7% to $6.4 billion in 2017 as compared with 2016, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 5% increase from acquisitions. u.s./canada had underlying revenue growth of 4%. international operations increased 2% on an underlying basis, reflecting increases of 6% in asia pacific and 7% in latin america, while growth in emea was flat.
guy carpenter's revenue increased 4% to $1.2 billion in 2017 compared with 2016, for both a reported and underlying basis.
fiduciary interest income was $39 million in 2017 compared with $26 million in 2016 due to the combined effect of higher average invested funds and higher interest rates.
the risk and insurance services segment completed seven acquisitions during 2017.
expense expense in the risk and insurance services segment increased 8% in 2018 compared with 2017, reflecting increases of 5% on an underlying basis, 2% from acquisitions and 1% from the impact of foreign currency.
during 2018, marsh initiated a program to simplify the organization through reduced management layers and more common structures across regions and businesses to more closely align with its more formalized segmentation strategy across large risk management, middle market corporate, and small commercial & personal segments. these efforts are expected to create increased efficiencies and additional capacity for reinvestment in people and technology. the company incurred restructuring severance and consulting costs related to this initiative of $96 million in 2018.
during the year, restructuring and related charges increased underlying expenses by approximately 2%. the remaining increase in underlying expense was primarily due to higher base salaries and incentive compensation.
expense in the risk and insurance services segment increased 6% in 2017 compared with 2016, reflecting a 2% increase on an underlying basis and a 5% increase from acquisitions. the underlying expense increase is primarily due to higher base salaries and incentive compensation costs, partly offset by lower costs related to liabilities for errors and omissions.
consulting the company conducts business in its consulting segment through two main business groups, mercer and oliver wyman group. mercer provides consulting expertise, advice, services and solutions in the areas of health, wealth and career. oliver wyman group provides specialized management, economic and brand consulting services.
effective january 1, 2017, mercer merged its investment and retirement businesses into a newly-created wealth business. we believe this combination better aligns mercer's investment management capabilities globally.
the major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services. mercer, principally through its health line of business, also earns revenue in the form of commissions received from insurance companies for the placement of group (and occasionally individual) insurance contracts, primarily life, health and accident coverages. revenue for mercer's investment management business and certain of mercer's defined contribution administration services consists principally of fees based on assets under management or administration.
40
revenue in the consulting segment is affected by, among other things, global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. revenue is also affected by competition due to the introduction of new products and services, broad trends in employee demographics, including levels of employment, the effect of government policies and regulations, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates. revenues from the provision of investment management services and retirement trust and administrative services are significantly affected by the level of assets under management or administration, which is impacted by securities market performance.
for the investment management business, revenues from the majority of funds are included on a gross basis in accordance with u.s. gaap and include reimbursable expenses incurred by professional staff and sub-advisory fees, and the related expenses are included in other operating expenses.
the results of operations for the consulting segment are presented below:
(in millions of dollars, except percentages)            2018                2017                2016
revenue                                           $6,779              $6,444              $6,112
compensation and benefits                          3,760               3,573               3,450
other operating expenses                           1,920               1,761               1,624
operating expenses                                 5,680               5,334               5,074
operating income                                  $1,099              $1,110              $1,038
operating income margin                             16.2   %            17.2   %            17.0   %
revenue consulting revenue in 2018 increased 5% compared with 2017, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis, 1% growth from acquisitions and a 1% increase from the impact of foreign currency translation. the adoption of the new revenue recognition guidance did not have a significant impact on the timing of revenue recognition or the year-over-year amount of annual revenue in the segment in 2018.
mercer's revenue in 2018 increased 5% over the prior year to $4.7 billion, or 3% on an underlying basis. mercer's year over year revenue comparison also reflects an increases of 1% from acquisitions and 1% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue growth reflects an increase in career of 5%, health of 4% and wealth of 1%. within wealth, investment management & related services increased 9% while defined benefit consulting & administration decreased 4% compared with the prior year. oliver wyman group's revenue increased 7% in 2018 compared with 2017, or 5% on an underlying basis.
the consulting segment completed eight acquisitions during 2018. information regarding these acquisitions is included in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
consulting revenue in 2017 increased 5% compared with 2016, reflecting a 4% increase on an underlying basis and 2% growth from acquisitions. mercer's revenue increased 5% to $4.5 billion over the prior year, or 2% on an underlying basis. mercer's year over year revenue growth also reflects an increase of 2% from acquisitions. the underlying revenue growth reflects an increase in career of 5%, health of 2% and wealth of 2%. within wealth, investment management & related services increased 10% while defined benefit consulting & administration decreased 2% compared with the prior year. oliver wyman group's revenue increased 7% in 2017 compared with 2016, on both a reported and underlying basis.
the consulting segment completed three acquisitions during 2017.
expense consulting expense in 2018 increased 6% compared with 2017, reflecting increases of 5% on an underlying basis, 1% from the impact of acquisitions and 1% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expense reflects higher base salaries, asset based fees and recoverable expenses and costs incurred of $51 million associated with a business restructuring at mercer initiated in the fourth quarter of 2018. the company expects to incur additional costs of approximately $20-30 million in 2019 related to this initiative.
consulting expense in 2017 increased 5% compared with 2016, reflecting an increase of 3% on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from the impact of acquisitions. the increase in underlying expense
41
reflects higher base salaries, asset based fees and outside service costs, partly offset by lower severance costs and lower costs related to liabilities for errors and omissions.
corporate and other corporate expense in 2018 was $202 million compared with $186 million in 2017. the increase in expense is primarily due to costs related to the pending acquisition of jlt.
corporate expense in 2017 was $186 million compared with $188 million in 2016. the decrease in expense is primarily due to lower consulting, occupancy and general insurance costs.
other corporate items interest interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $11 million in 2018 compared with $9 million in 2017. interest expense in 2018 was $290 million compared with $237 million in 2017. the increase in interest expense was primarily due to higher average debt outstanding in 2018 and bridge loan financing fees related to the pending acquisition of jlt.
interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $9 million in 2017 compared with $5 million in 2016. the decrease is due to the combined effects of a lower level of invested funds and lower interest rates. interest expense in 2017 was $237 million compared with $189 million in 2016 due to higher average outstanding debt in 2017.
investment income the caption "investment income" in the consolidated statements of income comprises realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments. it includes, when applicable, other-than-temporary declines in the value of securities, mark-to-market increases/decreases in equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity method gains or losses on its investments in private equity funds. the company's investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting or other strategically linked companies and investments in private equity funds.
as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective january 1, 2018, the company prospectively adopted a new accounting standard that requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. the company holds certain equity investments that under legacy u.s. gaap were previously treated as available for sale securities, whereby the mark-to-market change was recorded to other comprehensive income in its consolidated balance sheet. the company recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment increase to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption of $14 million, reflecting the reclassification of cumulative unrealized gains, net of tax, as of december 31, 2017 from other comprehensive income to retained earnings. therefore, prior periods have not been restated.
the company recorded a net investment loss of $12 million in 2018. the net investment loss reflects the impact of an $83 million charge recorded in 2018 related to an other than temporary decline in the company's equity method investment in alexander forbes (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements) partly offset by investment gains of $54 million related to mark-to-market changes in equity securities (discussed above) and $17 million related to investments in private equity funds and other investments. the company recorded net investment income of $15 million in 2017 compared to less than $1 million in 2016. the increase in 2017 versus 2016 was primarily due to a gain on the sale of an investment and higher equity method gains related to the company's investments in private equity funds.
income taxes on december 22, 2017, the u.s. tax legislation commonly known as the "tax cuts and jobs act" (the "tcja") significantly changed the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. the tcja generally became effective on january 1, 2018. the tcja provided for a reduction in the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21% and the creation of a new method of taxing non-u.s. based operations. the tcja also changed the deductibility of certain expenses, primarily executive officers' compensation and interest. in the fourth quarter of 2017 the company recorded a provisional charge of $460 million related to the enactment of
42
the tcja. as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, this provisional charge was adjusted in 2018.
the tcja provided for a transition to a new method of taxing non-u.s. based operations via a transition tax on undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company recorded a provisional charge of $240 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 as an estimate of u.s. transition taxes and ancillary effects, including state taxes and foreign withholding taxes related to the change in permanent reinvestment status with respect to our pre-2018 foreign earnings. this transition tax is payable over eight years. the reduction of the u.s. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% reduced the value of the u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities; accordingly, a charge of $220 million was recorded. adjustments during 2018 to the provisional estimates of transition taxes and u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities decreased income tax expense by $5 million. these amounts are now final, and the company does not expect further adjustments to the initial provisional charge.
the company's consolidated effective tax rate was 25.6%, 42.9%, and 27.6% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the rate in 2018 reflects ongoing impacts of the tcja, primarily the reduced 21% u.s. statutory tax rate and certain tax planning benefits, largely offset by higher estimated costs from the new method of taxing non-u.s. based operations, greater disallowance of compensation and entertainment deductions, the effect of a charge related to the company's investment in alexander forbes as discussed in note 10 and a decrease in excess tax benefits related to share compensation primarily due to the lower u.s. tax rate. the rates in 2017 and 2016 reflect foreign operations taxed at rates below the 35% u.s. statutory tax rate, including the effect of repatriation. the tax rates in all periods reflect the impact of discrete tax matters, tax legislation, and nontaxable adjustments to contingent acquisition consideration.
the effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix and repatriation of the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower tax rates. thus, a shift in the mix of profits among jurisdictions can affect the effective tax rate. in 2018, pre-tax income in the u.k., barbados, canada, australia, and ireland accounted for approximately 60% of the company's total non-u.s. pre-tax income, with effective rates in those countries of 26%, 1%, 28%, 27% and 10%, respectively.
the tcja is expected to provide an ongoing benefit to our effective tax rate and u.s. cash tax liabilities due to the significantly lower u.s. statutory tax rate and the quasi-territorial system.
as a u.s. domiciled parent holding company, marsh & mclennan companies, inc. is the issuer of essentially all of the company's external indebtedness, and incurs the related interest expense in the u.s. further, most senior executive and oversight functions are conducted in the u.s. and the associated costs are incurred primarily in the united states.
the mandatory taxation of accumulated undistributed foreign earnings through the transition tax substantially changed the economic considerations of continued permanent investment of those accumulated earnings, a key component of our global capital strategy. as a result of the transition tax, the company anticipates repatriating most of the accumulated earnings that was previously intended to be permanently re-invested outside of the u.s. we continue to evaluate our global investment and repatriation strategy in light of expected relief from u.s. tax reform under the new quasi-territorial tax regime for future foreign earnings.
the effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period for the foreseeable future. it is sensitive to the geographic mix of and repatriation of the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower effective tax rates. losses in certain jurisdictions cannot be offset by earnings from other operations, and may require valuation allowances that affect the rate, depending on estimates of the realizability of associated deferred tax assets. the effective tax rate is also sensitive to changes in unrecognized tax benefits, including the impact of settled tax audits and expired statutes of limitation.
the realization of deferred tax assets depends on generating future taxable income during the periods in which the tax benefits are deductible or creditable. tax liabilities are determined and assessed jurisdictionally by legal entity or filing group. certain taxing jurisdictions allow or require combined or consolidated tax filings. the company assessed the realizability of its deferred tax assets. the company considered all available evidence, including the existence of a recent history of losses, placing particular weight on evidence that could be objectively verified. a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that the company believes is more likely than not to be realized.
43
changes in tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations occur frequently and may also have significant favorable or adverse impacts on our effective tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries. as the company does not have significant operations of its own, the company is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt obligations, pay dividends to stockholders, repurchase its shares and pay corporate expenses. the company can also provide financial support to its operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments and certain parts of their business that require liquidity, such as the capital markets business of guy carpenter. other sources of liquidity include borrowing facilities discussed below in financing cash flows.
the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside of the united states. funds from those operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states out of annual earnings. at december 31, 2018, the company had approximately $917 million of cash and cash equivalents in its foreign operations, which includes $168 million of operating funds required to be maintained for regulatory requirements or as collateral under certain captive insurance arrangements. the company expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-u.s. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings. where appropriate, a portion of the current year earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested. with respect to repatriating 2017 and prior earnings, the company has evaluated such factors as its short- and long-term capital needs, acquisition and borrowing strategies, and the availability of cash for repatriation for each of its subsidiaries. the company has determined that, in general, its permanent reinvestment assertions, in light of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, should allow the company to repatriate previously taxed earnings from the deemed repatriations as cash becomes available.
during 2018, the company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which decreased net equity by $529 million. continued strengthening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would further reduce the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries.
cash on our consolidated balance sheets includes funds available for general corporate purposes. funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown separately in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. fiduciary funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes, and should not be considered as a source of liquidity for the company.
operating cash flows the company generated $2.4 billion of cash from operations in 2018, compared with $1.9 billion in 2017. these amounts reflect the net income of the company during those periods, excluding gains or losses from investments, adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in working capital which relate primarily to the timing of payments of accrued liabilities or receipts of assets and pension contributions.
pension-related items contributions during 2018, the company contributed $30 million to its u.s. pension plans and $82 million to non-u.s. pension plans compared to contributions of $85 million to u.s. plans and $229 million to non-u.s. plans in 2017.
in the united states, contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on erisa guidelines and the company generally expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined under the erisa guidelines. in 2018 the company made $30 million of contributions to its non-qualified plans. the company expects to contribute approximately $28 million to its u.s. pension plans in 2019.
the company contributed $21 million to the u.k. plans in 2018, including an expense allowance of approximately $9 million. based on the funding test carried out at november 1, 2018, the company contributions to the u.k. plans in 2019 are expected to be approximately $11 million, including the expense allowance.
44
outside the united states, the company has a large number of non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, the largest of which are in the u.k., which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets at december 31, 2018. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ significantly from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee that typically occur every three years in conjunction with the actuarial valuation of the plans. currently, this results in a lower funded status than under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status. in november 2016, the company and the trustee of the u.k. defined benefits plans agreed to a funding deficit recovery plan for the u.k. defined benefit pension plans. the current agreement with the trustee sets out the annual deficit contributions which would be due based on the deficit at december 31, 2015. the funding level is subject to re-assessment, in most cases on november 1 of each year. if the funding level on november 1 is sufficient, no deficit funding contributions will be required in the following year, and the contribution amount will be deferred. the funding level was re-assessed on november 1, 2018 and no deficit funding contributions are required in 2019. the funding level will be re-assessed on november 1, 2019. as part of a long-term strategy, which depends on having greater influence over asset allocation and overall investment decisions, in november 2016 the company renewed its agreement to support annual deficit contributions by the u.k. operating companies under certain circumstances, up to gbp 450 million over a seven-year period.
in the aggregate, the company expects to contribute approximately $65 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2019, comprising approximately $54 million to plans outside of the u.k. and $11 million to the u.k. plans.
changes to pension plans in march 2017, the company modified its defined benefit pension plans in canada to discontinue further benefit accruals for participants after december 31, 2017 and replaced them with a defined contribution arrangement. the company also amended its post-retirement benefits plan in canada so that individuals who retire after april 1, 2019 will not be eligible to participate, except in certain situations. the company re-measured the assets and liabilities of the plans, based on assumptions and market conditions on the amendment date.
in october 2016, the company modified its u.s. defined benefit pension plans to discontinue further benefit accruals for participants after december 31, 2016. at the same time, the company amended its u.s. defined contribution retirement plans for most of its u.s. employees to add an automatic company contribution equal to 4% of eligible base pay beginning on january 1, 2017. this new company contribution, together with the company's current matching contribution, provides eligible u.s. employees with the opportunity to receive a total contribution of up to 7% of eligible base pay. as required under gaap, the defined benefit plans that were significantly impacted by the modification were re-measured in october 2016 using market data and assumptions as of the modification date. the net periodic pension expense recognized in 2016 reflects the weighted average costs of the december 31, 2015 measurement and the october 2016 re-measurement. in addition, the u.s. qualified plans were merged effective december 30, 2016, since no participants would be receiving benefit accruals after december 2016.
changes in funded status and expense the year-over-year change in the funded status of the company's pension plans is impacted by the difference between actual and assumed results, particularly with regard to return on assets, and changes in the discount rate, as well as the amount of company contributions, if any. unrecognized actuarial losses were approximately $1.9 billion and $2.6 billion at december 31, 2018 for the u.s. plans and non-u.s. plans, respectively, compared with $1.8 billion and $2.6 billion at december 31, 2017. the increase in the u.s. was primarily due to a decrease in asset values partly offset by the impact of an increase in the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities. the actuarial loss related to the non-u.s. plans was unchanged as a decrease in the value of the plans' assets was offset by the impact of increases in the discount rate used to measure the plans' liabilities, the impact of the u.k. settlement in the fourth quarter of 2018 discussed above and by the impact of foreign exchange translation. in the past several years, the amount of unamortized losses has been significantly impacted, both positively and negatively, by actual asset performance and changes in discount rates. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities
45
increased in both the u.s. and the u.k. (the company's largest plans) in 2018. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities decreased in 2017 and in 2016. the decreases in 2017 and 2016 followed an increase in 2015. an increase in the discount rate decreases the measured plan benefit obligation, resulting in actuarial gains, while a decrease in the discount rate increases the measured plan obligation, resulting in actuarial losses. during 2018, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had losses of 7.4% and 1.0% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively. during 2017, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had actual returns of 19.3% and 9.1% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively. during 2016, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had actual returns of 9.8% in the u.s. and 22.1% in the u.k.
overall, based on the measurement at december 31, 2018, expenses related to the company's defined benefit plans are expected to decrease in 2019 by approximately $51 million compared to 2018, reflecting an increase in u.s. plans of $8 million and a decrease in non-u.s. plans of approximately $59 million, primarily in the u.k. the decrease in non-u.s. plans is primarily in the u.k., and reflects a lower charge for amortization of the net actuarial loss as well as the reduction in the 2018 net benefit credit by the $42 million settlement charge discussed previously. the recognition of a similar charge in 2019 and the amount of such a charge, if any, is dependent upon whether participant lump sum elections reach or exceed the settlement threshold.
prior to 2016, service and interest costs were estimated using a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curves used to measure the benefit obligations at the beginning of the period. in 2016, the company changed the approach used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for its significant non-u.s. plans. this change in approach was made to improve the correlation between the projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. the change did not impact the measurement of the plans' total projected benefit obligation. the company accounted for this change as a change in estimate, that was applied prospectively beginning in 2016 and resulted in pension expense being approximately $45 million lower in 2016 than if the prior approach had been used.
the company's accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed below under management's discussion of critical accounting policies. for additional information regarding the company's retirement plans, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
financing cash flows net cash used for financing activities was $1.3 billion in 2018 compared with $1.0 billion used in 2017.
debt the company increased outstanding debt by approximately $340 million in 2018 and $680 million in 2017.
the company has established a short-term debt financing program of up to $1.5 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. the company had no commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2018.
in october 2018, the company repaid $250 million of maturing senior notes.
in march 2018, the company issued $600 million of 4.20% senior notes due 2048. the company used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
in january 2017, the company issued $500 million of 2.75% senior notes due in 2022 and $500 million of 4.35% senior notes due in 2047. the company used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included the repayment of a $250 million debt maturity in april 2017.
in march 2016, the company issued $350 million of 3.30% seven-year senior notes. the company used the net proceeds from this issuance for general corporate purposes.
subsequent event as part of the company's planned financing for the proposed acquisition of jlt, the company issued $5 billion aggregate amount of senior notes in january 2019. the various tranches consisted of $700 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2020, $1 billion of 3.875% senior notes due 2024, $1.25 billion of 4.375%
46
senior notes due 2029, $500 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2039, $1.25 billion of 4.90% senior notes due 2049 and $300 million floating rate senior notes due 2021. the company intends to use the net proceeds to fund, in part, the pending acquisition of jlt, including the payment of related fees and expenses, and to repay certain jlt indebtedness.
credit facilities on september 18, 2018, the company entered into a bridge loan agreement to secure funding for the proposed jlt transaction. the company paid approximately $35 million of customary upfront fees related to the bridge loan, which are being amortized as interest expense based on the period of time the facility is expected to be in effect (including any loans outstanding). the bridge loan agreement is discussed in more detail in note 13 of the consolidated financial statements.
in october 2018, the company and certain of its foreign subsidiaries increased its multi-currency five-year unsecured revolving credit facility from $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. the interest rate on this facility is based on libor plus a fixed margin which varies with the company's credit ratings. this facility expires in october 2023 and requires the company to maintain certain coverage and leverage ratios which are tested quarterly. there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2018.
the company also maintains other credit facilities, guarantees and letters of credit with various banks, aggregating $594 million at december 31, 2018 and $624 million at december 31, 2017. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2018 or december 31, 2017.
the company's senior debt is currently rated a- by standard & poor's and baa1 by moody's. the company's short-term debt is currently rated a-2 by standard & poor's and p-2 by moody's. the company carries a negative outlook from both firms.
share repurchases during 2018, the company repurchased 8.2 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $675 million at an average price per share of $82.61. in november 2016, the board of directors authorized an increase in the company's share repurchase program, which supersedes any prior authorization, allowing management to buy back up to $2.5 billion of the company's common stock. as of december 31, 2018, the company remained authorized to purchase additional shares of its common stock up to a value of approximately $866 million. there is no time limit on this authorization.
during 2017, the company repurchased 11.5 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $900 million at an average price per share of $77.93.
dividends the company paid total dividends of $807 million in 2018 ($1.58 per share), $740 million in 2017 ($1.43 per share) and $682 million in 2016 ($1.30 per share).
contingent payments related to acquisitions during 2018, the company paid $91 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior years. these payments are split between financing and operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. payments of $55 million related to the contingent consideration liability that was recorded on the date of acquisition are reflected as financing cash flows. payments related to increases in the contingent consideration liability subsequent to the date of acquisition of $36 million are reflected as operating cash flows. remaining estimated future contingent consideration payments of $183 million for acquisitions completed in 2018 and in prior years are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018. the company paid deferred purchase consideration related to prior years' acquisitions of $62 million, $55 million and $54 million in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. remaining deferred cash payments of approximately $139 million are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018.
in 2017, the company paid $108 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods, of which $81 million was reported as financing cash flows and $27 million as operating cash flows. in 2016, the company made $86 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods, of which $44 million was reported as financing cash flows and $42 million as operating cash flows.
47
derivatives in connection with the jlt transaction, to hedge the risk of appreciation of the gbp-denominated purchase price relative to the u.s. dollar, on september 20, 2018, the company entered into the fx contract to, solely upon consummation of the transaction, purchase £5.2 billion and sell a corresponding amount of u.s dollars at a contracted exchange rate. the fx contract is discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. an unrealized loss of $325 million related to the change in fair value of this derivative has been recognized in the consolidated statement of income for year ended december 31, 2018, primarily related to the depreciation of the gbp. the fx contract does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under applicable accounting guidance. the company expects to record fair value gains and losses, which may be significant, through its income statement until the completion of the transaction.
in connection with the jlt transaction, to hedge the risk of increases in future interest rates prior to its issuance of senior notes, in the fourth quarter of 2018, the company entered into treasury locks related to $2 billion of the expected debt. the fair value at december 31, 2018 is based on the published treasury rate plus forward premium as of december 31, 2018 compared to the all in rate at the inception of the contract. the contracts were not designated as an accounting hedge.the company recorded an unrealized loss of $116 million related to the change in the fair value of these derivatives in the consolidated statement of income for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018. in january 2019, upon issuance of the $5 billion of senior notes, the company settled the treasury lock derivatives and made a payment to its counter party for $122 million. an additional charge of $6 million will be recorded in the first quarter of 2019 related to the settlement of the treasury lock derivatives.
investing cash flows net cash used for investing activities amounted to $1.1 billion in 2018 compared with $956 million used for investing activities in 2017.
the company paid $884 million and $655 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions it made during 2018 and 2017, respectively.
the company's additions to fixed assets and capitalized software, which amounted to $314 million in 2018 and $302 million in 2017, primarily relate to computer equipment purchases, the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities and software development costs.
the company has commitments for potential future investments of approximately $43 million in four private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies.
commitments and obligations the following sets forth the company's future contractual obligations by the types identified in the table below as of december 31, 2018:
payment due by period contractual obligations(in millions of dollars)       total              within1 year              1-3years              4-5years              after 5years current portion of long-term debt                      $314                      $314                    $-                    $-                        $-
long-term debt                                        5,548                         -                 1,032                 1,132                     3,384
interest on long-term debt                            2,473                       224                   414                   330                     1,505
net operating leases                                  2,071                       329                   574                   447                       721
service agreements                                      259                       189                    51                    15                         4
other long-term obligations                             359                       109                   197                    53                         -
total                                               $11,024                    $1,165                $2,268                $1,977                    $5,614
the chart does not include the senior notes issued in january 2019 discussed above. the above does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $78 million as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities, other than approximately $3 million that may become payable during 2019. the above does not include net pension liabilities of approximately $1.8 billion because the timing and amount of ultimate payment of such liability is dependent upon future
48
events, including, but not limited to, future returns on plan assets and changes in the discount rate used to measure the liabilities. the above does not include the remaining transitional tax payments related to the tcja of $171 million. the above does not include expected payments related to the pending acquisition of jlt. the amounts of estimated future benefits payments to be made from pension plan assets are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. in 2019, the company expects to contribute approximately $28 million and $65 million to its u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, respectively.
management's discussion of critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to understanding the company's financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, and requires management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may differ from those estimates.
revenue recognition the adoption of the new revenue standard on january 1, 2018 has increased the significance of judgments and estimates management must make to apply the guidance. in particular, in the risk and insurance services segment, judgments related to the amount of variable revenue consideration to ultimately be received on placement of quota share reinsurance treaties and contingent commission from insurers, which was previously recognized when the contingency was resolved, now requires significant judgments and estimates.
under the new standard, certain costs to obtain or fulfill a contract that were previously expensed as incurred have been capitalized. the company capitalizes the incremental costs to obtain contracts primarily related to commissions or sales bonus payments. these deferred costs are amortized over the expected life of the underlying customer relationships. the company also capitalizes certain pre-placement costs that are considered fulfillment costs that are amortized at a point in time when the associated revenue is recognized.
management also makes significant judgments and estimates to measure the progress toward completing performance obligations and realization rates for consideration related to contracts as well as potential performance-based fees in the consulting segment.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
legal and other loss contingencies the company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for errors and omissions ("e&o"). gaap requires that a liability be recorded when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. significant management judgment is required to apply this guidance. the company utilizes case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis by oliver wyman group, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the unpredictability of e&o claims and of litigation that could flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow in a given quarterly or annual period.
in addition, to the extent that insurance coverage is available, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of recoveries that are probable of collection under the company's various insurance programs.
retirement benefits the company maintains qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for its eligible u.s. employees and a variety of defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its eligible non-u.s. employees. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement
49
plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth in u.s. and applicable foreign laws.
the company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic costs are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), net of tax, in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the gains and losses that exceed specified corridors are amortized prospectively out of aoci over a period that approximates the remaining life expectancy of participants in plans where substantially all participants are inactive or the average remaining service period of active participants for plans with active participants. the vast majority of unrecognized losses relate to inactive plans and are amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the participants.
the determination of net periodic pension cost is based on a number of assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, mortality and assumed rate of salary increase. the assumptions used in the calculation of net periodic pension costs and pension liabilities are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. the assumptions for expected rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate are discussed in more detail below.
the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined for each plan based on the facts and circumstances that exist as of the measurement date, and the specific portfolio mix of each plan's assets. the company utilizes a model developed by mercer, a subsidiary of the company, to assist in the determination of this assumption. the model takes into account several factors, including: actual and target portfolio allocation; investment, administrative and trading expenses incurred directly by the plan trust; historical portfolio performance; relevant forward-looking economic analysis; and expected returns, variances and correlations for different asset classes. these measures are used to determine probabilities using standard statistical techniques to calculate a range of expected returns on the portfolio.
the target asset allocation for the u.s. plans is 64% equities and equity alternatives and 36% fixed income. at december 31, 2018, the actual allocation for the u.s. plans was 62% equities and equity alternatives and 38% fixed income. at the end of 2018, the target asset allocation for the u.k. plans, which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets, was 34% equities and equity alternatives and 66% fixed income. at december 31, 2018, the actual allocation for the u.k. plans was 34% equities and equity alternatives and 66% fixed income.
the discount rate selected for each u.s. plan is based on a model bond portfolio with coupons and redemptions that closely match the expected liability cash flows from the plan. discount rates for non-u.s. plans are based on appropriate bond indices adjusted for duration; in the u.k., the plan duration is reflected using the mercer yield curve.
the table below shows the weighted average assumed rate of return and the discount rate at the december 31, 2018 measurement date (for measuring pension expense in 2019) for the total company, the u.s. and the rest of world ("row").
total company           u.s.           row assumed rate of return on plan assets     5.74   %           7.95    %      4.87   %
discount rate                             3.48   %           4.45    %      2.89   %
holding all other assumptions constant, a half-percentage point change in the rate of return on plan assets and discount rate assumptions would affect net periodic pension cost for the u.s. and u.k. plans, which together comprise approximately 84% of total pension plan liabilities, as follows:
0.5 percentagepoint increase                     0.5 percentagepoint decrease
(in millions of dollars)                u.s.                        u.k.                 u.s.                               u.k.
assumed rate of return on plan assets   $(22          )             $(40          )      $22                                 $40
discount rate                           $(1           )             $(4           )      $-                                   $3
50
the impact of discount rate changes shown above relates to the increase or decrease in actuarial gains or losses being amortized through net periodic pension cost, as well as the increase or decrease in interest expense, with all other facts and assumptions held constant. it does not contemplate nor include potential future impacts a change in the interest rate environment and discount rates might cause, such as the impact on the market value of the plans' assets. changing the discount rate and leaving the other assumptions constant also may not be representative of the impact on expense, because the long-term rates of inflation and salary increases are often correlated with the discount rate. changes in these assumptions will not necessarily have a linear impact on the net periodic pension cost.
the company contributes to certain health care and life insurance benefits provided to its retired employees. the cost of these post-retirement benefits for employees in the u.s. is accrued during the period up to the date employees are eligible to retire, but is funded by the company as incurred. the key assumptions and sensitivity to changes in the assumed health care cost trend rate are discussed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the company's tax rate reflects its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. in 2017, the company's tax expense was significantly impacted by the enactment of the tcja, which is discussed in more detail in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. significant judgment is required in determining the annual effective tax rate and in evaluating uncertain tax positions. the company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. the first step involves recognition. the company determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on only the technical merits of the position. the technical merits of a tax position derive from both statutory and judicial authority (legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings, and case law) and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the benefit of that position is not recognized in the financial statements. the second step is measurement. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period and involve significant management judgment. subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, derecognition, and measurement. adjustments may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities, or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
certain items are included in the company's tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. as a result, the annual tax expense reflected in the consolidated statements of income is different than that reported in the tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in the returns, and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are measured at existing tax rates. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements. the company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income by jurisdiction, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. the company also considers tax planning strategies that would result in realization of deferred tax assets, and the presence of taxable income in prior period tax filings in jurisdictions that allow for the carryback of tax attributes pursuant to the applicable tax law. the underlying assumptions the company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the company's recent performance. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax
51
assets when it is estimated that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be insufficient to fully use a deduction or credit in that jurisdiction.
fair value determinations goodwill impairment testing - the company is required to assess goodwill and any indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the company performs the annual impairment test for each of its reporting units during the third quarter of each year. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. the company considered numerous factors, which included that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin in its most recent estimate of reporting unit fair values, whether significant acquisitions or dispositions occurred which might alter the fair value of its reporting units, macroeconomic conditions and their potential impact on reporting unit fair values, actual performance compared with budget and prior projections used in its estimation of reporting unit fair values, industry and market conditions, and the year-over-year change in the company's share price.
the company completed its qualitative assessment in the third quarter of 2018 and concluded that a two-step goodwill impairment test was not required in 2018 and that goodwill was not impaired.
share-based payment the guidance for accounting for share-based payments requires, among other things, that the estimated fair value of stock options be charged to earnings. significant management judgment is required to determine the appropriate assumptions for inputs such as volatility and expected term necessary to estimate option values. in addition, management judgment is required to analyze the terms of the plans and awards granted thereunder to determine if awards will be treated as equity awards or liability awards, as defined by the accounting guidance.
as of december 31, 2018, there was $17 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards. the weighted-average period over which the costs are expected to be recognized is 1.24 years. also as of december 31, 2018, there was $238.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the company's restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards. the weighted-average period over which that cost is expected to be recognized is approximately 1.02 years.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for share-based payments.
investments and derivatives although not directly recorded in the company's consolidated balance sheets, the company's defined benefit pension plans hold investments of approximately $14.4 billion, which include private equity and other non-liquid investments. the fair value of the plan investments determines, in part, the over-or under-funded status of those plans, which is included in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the company also has minority positions in certain equity securities (primarily alexander forbes) as well as approximately $80 million of investments in private equity funds accounted for using the equity method of accounting.
the company reviews the carrying value of its investments (both direct and held through its pension plans) to determine if any valuation adjustments are appropriate under the applicable accounting pronouncements. the company bases its review on the facts and circumstances as they relate to each investment. in those instances where quoted market prices are not available, particularly for private equity funds, significant management judgment is required to determine the appropriate value of the company's investments. fair value of investments in private equity funds is determined by the funds' investment managers. factors considered in determining the fair value of private equity investments include: implied valuation of recently completed financing rounds that included sophisticated outside investors; performance multiples of comparable public companies; restrictions on the sale or disposal of the investments; trading characteristics of the securities; and the relative size of the holdings in comparison to other private investors and the public market float.
in connection with the jlt transaction, the company entered into several derivative contracts, described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. these derivative contracts are recorded at fair value
52
at the end of each period, with the change in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of income. determining the fair value of these contracts, in particular the deal contingent foreign exchange contract, requires significant management judgments or estimates about the potential closing dates of the transaction and remaining value of the deal contingency feature.
new accounting pronouncements note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the company's significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact or potential future impact on the company's financial results, if determinable, under the sub-heading "new accounting pronouncements".
53
