item 1a.   risk factors.

m&t and its subsidiaries could be adversely impacted by a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  as a financial institution certain risk elements are inherent in the ordinary course of the company's business activities and adverse experience with those risks could have a material impact on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on the values of the company's financial instruments and m&t's common stock.  the company has developed a risk management process to identify, understand, mitigate and balance its exposure to significant risks. the following risk factors set forth some of the risks that could materially and adversely impact the company, although there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known that may adversely affect the company.
market risk weakness in the economy has adversely affected the company in the past and may adversely affect the company in the future.
poor business and economic conditions in general or specifically in markets served by the company could have adverse effects on the company's business including:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by the company.

•   a decrease in net interest income derived from the company's lending and deposit gathering activities.

•   a decrease in the value of the company's investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate.

•   other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities in the company's investment securities portfolio or other investments.

•   a decrease in fees from the company's brokerage and trust businesses associated with declines or lack of growth in stock market prices.

•   potential higher fdic assessments due to the dif falling below minimum required levels.

•   an impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill.

•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the company. an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale.

the company's business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. the monetary, tax and other policies of governmental agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the company has no control and which the company may not be able to anticipate adequately.
as a result of the high percentage of the company's assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates, can have a material effect on the company's business and profitability and the value of the company's assets and liabilities. for example, changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads may:
•   affect the difference between the interest that the company earns on assets and the

28
interest that the company pays on liabilities, which impacts the company's overall net interest income and profitability.

•   adversely affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable rate loans and other debt instruments, which, in turn, affects the company's loss rates on those assets.

•   decrease the demand for interest rate based products and services, including loans and deposits.

•   affect the company's ability to hedge various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the profitability or protection or increase the risk or cost associated with such hedges.

•   affect mortgage prepayment speeds and could result in the impairment of capitalized mortgage servicing assets, reduce the value of loans held for sale and increase the volatility of mortgage banking revenues, potentially adversely affecting the company's results of operations.

the monetary, tax and other policies of the government and its agencies, including the federal reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. these governmental policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of banking organizations such as the company. an important function of the federal reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit and certain interest rates. the actions of the federal reserve influence the rates of interest that the company charges on loans and that the company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. also, due to the impact on rates for short-term funding, the federal reserve's policies influence, to a significant extent, the company's cost of such funding.
in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. m&t cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, tax and other policies or the effect that they may have on the company's business activities, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in the method pursuant to which libor and other benchmark rates are determined could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
our floating-rate funding, certain hedging transactions and certain of the products that we offer, such as floating-rate loans and mortgages, determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate, such as the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), or to an index, currency, basket or other financial metric. libor and certain other benchmark rates are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. in july 2017, the chief executive of the financial conduct authority ("fca") announced that the fca intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. this announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. consequently, at this time, it is not possible to predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide submissions for the calculation of libor. similarly, it is not possible to predict whether libor will continue to be viewed as an acceptable market benchmark, what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may be on the markets for libor-linked financial instruments.
29
the discontinuation of libor, changes in libor or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of libor as a benchmark could result in changes to the company's risk exposures (for example, if the anticipated discontinuation of libor adversely affects the availability or cost of floating-rate funding and, therefore, the company's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates) or otherwise result in losses on a product or having to pay more or receive less on securities that the company owns or has issued. a substantial portion of the company's on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments (many of which have terms that extend beyond 2021) are indexed to libor, including interest rate swap agreements and other contracts used for hedging and trading account purposes, loans to commercial customers and consumers (including mortgage loans and other loans), and long-term borrowings.  in addition, such uncertainty could result in pricing volatility and increased capital requirements, loss of market share in certain products, adverse tax or accounting impacts, and compliance, legal and operational costs and risks.
the company's business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets.
as most of the company's assets and liabilities are financial in nature, the company's performance is sensitive to the performance of the financial markets. turmoil and volatility in u.s. and global financial markets can be a major contributory factor to overall weak economic conditions, leading to some of the risks discussed herein, including the impaired ability of borrowers and other counterparties to meet obligations to the company. financial market volatility may:
•   affect the value or liquidity of the company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments.

•   affect the value of capitalized servicing assets.

•   affect m&amp;t's ability to access capital markets to raise funds. inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the company's liquidity and results of operations.

•   affect the value of the assets that the company manages or otherwise administers or services for others. although the company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the company's services.

•   impact the nature, profitability or risk profile of the financial transactions in which the company engages.

volatility in the markets for real estate and other assets commonly securing financial products has been and may continue to be a significant contributor to overall volatility in financial markets.  in addition, unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by the imposition of tariffs or other limitations on international trade and travel, which can result in market volatility, negatively impact client activity, and adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the company's regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint.
the company's core banking business is largely concentrated within the company's retail banking office network footprint, located principally in new york, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. therefore, the company is, or in the future may be, particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions in the northeast and mid-atlantic regions.
30
risks relating to compliance and the regulatory environment the company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment can be and has been significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives.
the company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the financial system as a whole, not stockholders. these regulations and supervisory guidance affect the company's lending practices, capital structure, amounts of capital, investment practices, dividend policy, growth and expansionary activity, among other things. failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, the loss of fdic insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. in this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, can pursue aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect the company's ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith.  in general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations have increased substantially and are likely to remain elevated. in some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant collateral consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time.  in addition, enforcement matters could impact the company's supervisory and cra ratings, which may in turn restrict or limit the company's activities.
any new regulatory requirements or changes to existing requirements could require changes to the company's businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the profitability of such businesses. additionally, such activity could affect the behaviors of third parties with which the company deals in the ordinary course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations could affect the company in substantial and unpredictable ways, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
there have been significant revisions to the laws and regulations applicable to the company that have been enacted or proposed in recent months. these and other rules to implement the changes have yet to be finalized, and the final timing, scope and impact of these changes to the regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions remain uncertain.  for more information on the regulations to which we are subject and recent initiatives to reform financial institution regulation, see part i, item 1 - business in this report.
capital and liquidity standards adopted by the u.s. banking regulators have resulted in banks and bank holding companies needing to maintain more and higher quality capital and greater liquidity than has historically been the case.
capital standards imposed as a result of the dodd-frank act (as amended by egrrcpa) and the u.s. basel iii-based capital rules have had a significant effect on banks and bank holding companies, including m&t. the u.s. capital rules require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common equity. for additional information, see "capital requirements" under part i, item 1 "business."
31
the requirement to maintain more and higher quality capital, as well as greater liquidity than historically has been required, and generally increased regulatory scrutiny with respect to capital and liquidity levels, could limit the company's business activities, including lending, and its ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions. it could also result in m&t being required to take steps to increase its regulatory capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit its ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets, the capital requirements for which are not justified by the assets' underlying risks.
in addition, the u.s. basel iii-based liquidity coverage ratio requirement and the liquidity-related provisions of the federal reserve's liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements require the company to hold increased levels of unencumbered highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the company's ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective. moreover, u.s. federal banking agencies have been taking into account expectations regarding the ability of banks to meet these requirements, including under stressed conditions, in approving actions that represent uses of capital, such as dividend increases, common stock share repurchases and acquisitions.
certain elements of these capital and liquidity standards may be eased in the future consistent with recently issued and anticipated proposals by the federal banking agencies following the enactment of egrrcpa. however, the ultimate timing and implementation of such relief is unclear and therefore the company expects to remain subject to these standards in the near term.
m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders and to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on a review of its capital plan by the federal reserve.
any decision by m&t to return capital to shareholders, whether through a common stock dividend or through a common stock share repurchase program, requires the approval of m&t's board of directors and depends in large part on receiving regulatory approval, including through the federal reserve's ccar process and the supervisory stress tests required under the dodd-frank act whereby m&t's financial position is tested under assumed severely adverse economic conditions. prior to the public disclosure of a bhc's ccar results, the federal reserve will provide the bhc with the results of its supervisory stress test and will offer a one-time opportunity for the bhc to reduce planned capital distributions through the submission of a revised capital plan. the federal reserve may object to any capital plan in which a bhc's regulatory capital ratios inclusive of adjustments to planned capital distributions, if any, would not meet the minimum requirements throughout a nine-quarter period under severely adverse stress conditions. in january 2017, the federal reserve finalized a rule modifying the capital plan and stress testing rules for the 2017 cycle. the rule eliminated the qualitative component of ccar for bank holding companies with total consolidated assets between $50 billion and $250 billion, such as m&t. the qualitative assessment considered factors including the comprehensiveness of a bhc's capital plan, the assumptions and analysis underlying the plan, and the extent to which the bhc had satisfied certain supervisory matters related to its processes, analyses, controls and governance. the federal reserve will continue to evaluate these factors through the regular supervisory process and targeted horizontal reviews of particular aspects of capital planning. if the federal reserve objects to m&t's capital plan, it could impose restrictions on m&t's ability to return capital to shareholders, including through paying dividends, entering into acquisitions or repurchasing its common stock, which in turn could negatively impact market and investor perceptions of m&t. in june 2018, the federal reserve announced that it did not object to m&t's revised capital plan; however, m&t cannot be certain that the federal reserve will not object to future capital plans.
32
in addition, federal reserve capital planning and stress testing rules generally limit a bhc's ability to make quarterly capital distributions - dividends and common stock share repurchases - if the amount of actual cumulative quarterly capital issuances of instruments that qualify as regulatory capital are less than the bhc had indicated in its submitted capital plan as to which it received a non-objection from the federal reserve. as such, m&t's ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock, as well as the amount of such dividends, will depend, in part, on its ability to issue stock in accordance with its capital plan or to otherwise remain in compliance with its capital plan, which may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of m&t's control.
certain elements of these stress testing and capital planning requirements may be eased in the future consistent with recently issued and anticipated proposals by the federal banking agencies following the enactment of egrrcpa. however, the ultimate timing and implementation of such relief is unclear and therefore the company expects to remain subject to these standards in the near term.
the effect of resolution plan requirements may have a material adverse impact on m&t.
bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more, such as m&t, are currently required to submit periodically to regulators a resolution plan for their rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. m&t's resolution plan must, among other things, ensure that its depository institution subsidiaries are adequately protected from risks arising from its other subsidiaries. the regulation adopted by the federal reserve and fdic prescribes specific standards for the resolution plans, including requiring a strategic analysis of the plan's components, a description of the range of specific actions the company proposes to take in resolution, and a description of the company's organizational structure, material entities, core business lines, interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems, among other elements. the most recent resolution plan for m&t was filed in december 2017. in addition, insured depository institutions with $50 billion or more in total assets, such as m&t bank, are required to submit to the fdic periodic plans for resolution in the event of the institution's failure.  m&t bank submitted its most recent resolution plan in june 2018.
if the federal reserve and the fdic jointly determine that the resolution plan of a bhc is not credible, and the company fails to cure the deficiencies in a timely manner, then the federal reserve and the fdic may jointly impose on the company, or on any of its subsidiaries, more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or require the divestment of certain assets or operations. if the federal reserve and the fdic jointly determine that m&t's resolution plan is not credible or would not facilitate its orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code, the company could become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements or business restrictions, or have to divest certain of its assets or businesses. any such measures could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
if an orderly liquidation of a systemically important bhc or non-bank financial company were triggered, m&t could face assessments for the orderly liquidation fund ("olf").
the dodd-frank act creates a mechanism, the olf, for liquidation of systemically important bank holding companies and non-bank financial companies. the olf is administered by the fdic and is based on the fdic's bank resolution model. the secretary of the u.s. treasury may trigger a liquidation under this authority after consultation with the president of the u.s. and after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the fdic and the federal reserve upon a two-thirds vote. liquidation proceedings will be funded by the olf, which will borrow from the u.s. treasury and
33
impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. risk-based assessments would be first made on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess, and second, if necessary, on, among others, bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as m&t. any such assessments may adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
credit risk deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the company.
as a lender, the company is exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with the terms of the agreements, and that any collateral securing the loans may be insufficient to assure full repayment. credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. factors that can influence the company's credit loss experience include: (i) the impact of residential real estate values on loans to residential real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than many other regions of the country; (iv) the repayment performance associated with first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than loans to other types of borrowers.
commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, governmental policy regarding housing and housing finance, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
the company maintains an allowance for credit losses which represents, in management's judgment, the amount of losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. the allowance is determined by management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio based on such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the current financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. the effects of probable decreases in expected principal cash flows on loans acquired at a discount are also considered in the establishment of the allowance for credit losses.
management believes that the allowance for credit losses appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. however, there is no assurance that the allowance will be sufficient to cover such credit losses, particularly if housing and employment conditions worsen or the economy experiences a downturn. in those cases, the company may be required to increase the allowance through an increase in the provision for credit losses, which would reduce net income.
34
the company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships.  the company has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose the company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. in addition, the company's credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the company cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the company. any resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
liquidity risk the company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.
the company must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. the company primarily relies on deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operations of its business. core customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less, have historically provided the company with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. in addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include borrowings from third party banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks and the federal reserve bank of new york.
the company's liquidity and ability to fund and operate the business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. negative news about the company or the financial services industry generally may reduce market or customer confidence in the company, which could in turn materially adversely affect the company's liquidity and funding. such reputational damage   may result in the loss of customer deposits, the inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets, and downgrades in one or more of the company's credit ratings, and may also negatively affect the company' ability to access the capital markets. a downgrade in the company's credit ratings, which could result from general industry-wide or regulatory factors not solely related to the company, could adversely affect the company's ability to borrow funds, including by raising the cost of borrowings substantially, and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect m&t's ability to raise capital. many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which m&t has little or no control. there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future.
recent regulatory changes relating to liquidity and risk management have also impacted the company's results of operations and competitive position. these regulations address, among other matters, liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements and restrictions on short-term debt issued by top-tier holding companies.
if the company is unable to continue to fund assets through customer bank deposits or access funding sources on favorable terms or if the company suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, the company's liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
35
m&t relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity.
m&t is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. m&t typically receives substantially all of its revenue from subsidiary dividends. these dividends are m&t's principal source of funds to pay dividends on common and preferred stock, pay interest and principal on its debt, and fund purchases of its common stock. various federal and/or state laws and regulations, as well as regulatory expectations, limit the amount of dividends that m&t's banking subsidiaries and certain non-bank subsidiaries may pay. regulatory scrutiny of capital levels at bank holding companies and insured depository institution subsidiaries has increased in recent years and has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions to shareholders of banks, such as parent bank holding companies. see "item 1. business - distributions" for a discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on dividend declarations. also, m&t's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary's creditors. limitations on m&t's ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity and ability to pay dividends on its stock or interest and principal on its debt, and ability to fund purchases of its common stock.
strategic risk the financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the company's revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry in which the company operates is highly competitive. the company competes not only with commercial and other banks and thrifts, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms and other companies offering financial services in the u.s., globally and over the internet. some of the company's non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations the company is, and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. in particular, the activity and prominence of so-called marketplace lenders and other technological financial services companies has grown significantly in recent years and is expected to continue growing.  the company competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, revenue generation, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. these developments could result in the company's competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. the company may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or paying higher rates of interest on deposits.
finally, technological change is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and is changing the delivery channels for financial services. financial technology providers, who invest substantial resources in developing and designing new technology (in particular digital and mobile technology), are beginning to offer more traditional banking products (either directly or through bank partnerships) and may in the future be able to provide additional services by obtaining a bank-like charter, such as the occ's fintech charter. as a result, the company may have to contend with a broader range of competitors including many that are not located within the geographic footprint of its banking office network.  further, along with other participants in the financial services industry, the company frequently attempts to introduce new technology-driven products and services that are aimed at allowing the company to better serve customers and to reduce costs. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services that
36
allow it to remain competitive or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers.
difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with the company's own operations may prevent m&t from achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions.
m&t has expanded its business through past acquisitions and may do so in the future. inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. m&t may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. in addition, the markets and industries in which the company and its actual or potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive. the company may lose customers or fail to retain the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. acquisition and integration activities require m&t to devote substantial time and resources, and as a result m&t may not be able to pursue other business opportunities while integrating acquired entities with the company.
after completing an acquisition, the company may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. for example, the company could experience higher credit losses, incur higher operating expenses or realize less revenue than originally anticipated related to an acquired entity.
operational risk the company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the company's business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure.
like all businesses, the company is subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. operational risk also encompasses reputational risk and compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices or ethical standards, as well as the risk of noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. the company is also exposed to operational risk through outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of its outsourcing vendors can have on the company's ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to its business. although the company seeks to mitigate operational risk through a system of internal controls that are reviewed and updated, no system of controls, however well designed and maintained, is infallible. control weaknesses or failures or other operational risks could result in charges, increased operational costs, harm to the company's reputation or foregone business opportunities.
m&t could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.
m&t's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals and to have a diverse workforce. competition for qualified and diverse candidates in the activities in which the company engages and markets that the company serves is significant, and the company may not be able to hire candidates and retain them. growth in the company's business, including through acquisitions, may increase its need for additional qualified personnel. the company is increasingly competing for personnel with financial technology providers and other less regulated entities who may not have the same limitations on compensation as the company does. if the company is not able to hire or retain highly skilled and qualified individuals, it may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations.
37
the company's compensation practices are subject to review and oversight by the federal reserve, the occ, the fdic and other regulators. the federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization's incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. in addition, the dodd-frank act required those agencies, along with the sec, to adopt rules to require reporting of incentive compensation and to prohibit certain compensation arrangements. if as a result of complying with such rules the company is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if the compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more significant, the company's performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected.
the company's information systems may experience interruptions or breaches in security.
the company relies heavily on communications and information systems, including those of third-party service providers, to conduct its business. any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to its accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect the company's customer relationships. while the company has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if any does occur, that it can be sufficiently or timely remediated.
information security risks for large financial institutions such as m&t have increased significantly in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, such as internet and mobile banking to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, nation-states, activists and other external parties.  there have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber attacks, to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. there have been several instances involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting unauthorized access to and disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data, including by executive impersonation and third party vendors. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information.
as cyber threats continue to evolve, the company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defense or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can be initiated by a variety of actors, including terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. these actors may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the company's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to data or the company's systems. these risks may increase as the use of mobile payment and other internet-based applications expands.
further, third parties with which the company does business, as well as vendors and other third parties with which the company's customers do business, can also be sources of information security risk to the company, particularly where activities of customers are beyond the company's security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile services. security breaches affecting the company's customers, or systems breakdowns or failures, security breaches or employee misconduct affecting such other third parties, may require the company to take steps to protect the integrity of its own systems or to safeguard confidential information of the company or its customers, thereby increasing the company's operational costs and adversely affecting its business.
the occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of the company's systems or those of third-party service providers (or, in turn, providers to such third-party providers),
38
particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to customers, could damage the company's reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject the company to additional regulatory scrutiny and potential sanctions, or expose it to civil litigation and financial liability.
the company is also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose the company to liability and/or reputational damage. as new privacy-related laws and regulations, such as the cybersecurity regulation of the nysdfs, are implemented, the time and resources needed for the company to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as its potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. in addition, the company is increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to privacy, surveillance, encryption and data use in the jurisdictions in which it operates. compliance with these laws and regulations may require changes to policies, procedures and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make the company more vulnerable to operational failures, and to monetary penalties for breach of such laws and regulations.
m&t relies on other companies to provide key components of the company's business infrastructure.
third parties provide key components of the company's business infrastructure such as banking services, processing, and internet connections and network access. any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the company's business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. the company may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of third party failures and insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. failures in the company's business infrastructure could interrupt the operations or increase the costs of doing business.
the company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences.
many aspects of the company's business and operations involve substantial risk of legal liability. m&t and/or its subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from its or its subsidiaries' business activities (and in some cases from the activities of companies m&t has acquired). in addition, from time to time, m&t is, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank and other regulatory agencies, the sec and law enforcement authorities. the sec has announced a policy of seeking admissions of liability in certain settled cases, which could adversely impact the defense of private litigation. m&t is also at risk when it has agreed to indemnify others for losses related to legal proceedings, including for litigation and governmental investigations and inquiries, such as in connection with the purchase or sale of a business or assets. the results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which the company conducts its business, or reputational harm.
although the company establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the
39
amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. in addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to the company from the legal proceedings in question. thus, the company's ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
business risk changes in accounting standards could impact the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the accounting standard setters, including the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), the sec and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the company's consolidated financial statements. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, the company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restating of the company's prior period financial statements.  information about recently adopted and not as yet adopted accounting standards is included in note 26 of notes to financial statements included in part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplemental data of this form 10-k.
the company's reported  financial condition and results of operations depend on management's selection of accounting methods and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.
accounting policies and processes are fundamental to the company's reported financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets or liabilities and financial results. several of m&t's accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make certain assumptions and estimates in preparing the company's financial statements. if assumptions or estimates underlying the company's financial statements are incorrect, the company may experience material losses.
management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management's judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. a variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset, valuing an asset or liability, or recognizing or reducing a liability. m&t has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. in addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. because of the uncertainty surrounding judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, m&t could be required to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements if those judgments and estimates prove to be incorrect. for additional information, see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, "critical accounting estimates" and note 1, "significant accounting policies," of notes to financial statements in part ii, item 8.
40
the company's models used for business planning purposes could perform poorly or provide inadequate information.
the company uses quantitative models to assist in measuring risks and estimating or predicting certain financial values. the models used may not accurately account for all variables and may fail to predict outcomes accurately and/or may overstate or understate certain effects. poorly designed, implemented, or managed models present the risk that the company's business decisions that consider information based on such models will be adversely affected due to inadequate or inaccurate information. as a result, the company may not adequately prepare for future events and may suffer losses due to these failures. also, information the company provides to the public or to its regulators based on poorly designed, implemented, or managed models could be inaccurate or misleading. decisions that regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to stockholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
the company is exposed to reputational risk.
a negative public opinion of the company and its business can result from any number of activities, including the company's lending practices, corporate governance and regulatory compliance, acquisitions and actions taken by regulators or by community organizations in response to these activities. significant harm to the company's reputation could also arise as a result of regulatory or governmental actions, litigation, employee misconduct or the activities of customers, other participants in the financial services industry or the company's contractual counterparties, such as service providers and vendors. in particular, a cyber security event impacting the company's or its customers' data could have a negative impact on the company's reputation and customer confidence in the company and its cyber security. damage to the company's reputation could also adversely affect its credit ratings and access to the capital markets.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact the company's business.
severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on the company's ability to conduct business. such events could affect the stability of the company's deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause the company to incur additional expenses. although the company has established disaster recovery plans and procedures, and monitors for significant environmental effects on its properties or its investments, the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company.
discussions of the specific risks outlined above and other risks facing the company are included within this annual report on form 10-k in part i, item 1 "business," and part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." furthermore, in part ii, item 7 under the heading "forward-looking statements" is included a description of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified by management that are difficult to predict and that could materially affect the company's financial condition and results of operations, as well as the value of the company's financial instruments in general, and m&t common stock, in particular.
41
in addition, the market price of m&t common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of other factors, including changes in securities analysts' estimates of financial performance, volatility of stock market prices and volumes, rumors or erroneous information, changes in market valuations of similar companies and changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or other regulatory agencies.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

corporate profile m&t bank corporation ("m&t") is a bank holding company headquartered in buffalo, new york with consolidated assets of $120.1 billion at december 31, 2018. the consolidated financial information presented herein reflects m&t and all of its subsidiaries, which are referred to collectively as "the company." m&t's wholly owned bank subsidiaries are manufacturers and traders trust company ("m&t bank") and wilmington trust, national association ("wilmington trust, n.a.").
m&t bank, with total assets of $119.6 billion at december 31, 2018, is a new york-chartered commercial bank with 750 domestic banking offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia, a full-service commercial banking office in ontario, canada, and an office in the cayman islands. m&t bank and its subsidiaries offer a broad range of financial services to a diverse base of consumers, businesses, professional clients, governmental entities and financial institutions located in their markets. lending is largely focused on consumers residing in the states noted above and on small and
49
medium size businesses based in those areas, although loans are originated through offices in other states and in ontario, canada. certain lending activities are also conducted in other states through various subsidiaries. trust and other fiduciary services are offered by m&t bank and through its wholly owned subsidiary, wilmington trust company. other subsidiaries of m&t bank include: m&t real estate trust, a commercial mortgage lender; m&t realty capital corporation, a multifamily commercial mortgage lender; m&t securities, inc., which provides brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services; wilmington trust investment advisors, inc., which serves as an investment advisor to the wilmington funds, a family of proprietary mutual funds, and other funds and institutional clients; and m&t insurance agency, inc., an insurance agency.
wilmington trust, n.a. is a national bank with total assets of $4.3 billion at december 31, 2018. wilmington trust, n.a. and its subsidiaries offer various trust and wealth management services.  wilmington trust, n.a. offered selected deposit and loan products on a nationwide basis, largely through telephone, internet and direct mail marketing techniques.
critical accounting estimates the company's significant accounting policies conform with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and are described in note 1 of notes to financial statements. in applying those accounting policies, management of the company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due to changes in circumstances. some of the more significant areas in which management of the company applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following:
•   accounting for credit losses - the allowance for credit losses represents the amount that in management's judgment appropriately reflects credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. in estimating losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio, assumptions and judgment are applied to measure amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors used to determine the borrowers' abilities to repay obligations. historical loss trends are also considered, as are economic conditions, industry trends, portfolio trends and borrower-specific financial data. in accounting for loans acquired at a discount that is, in part, attributable to credit quality which are initially recorded at fair value with no carry-over of an acquired entity's previously established allowance for credit losses, the cash flows expected at acquisition in excess of estimated fair value are recognized as interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. subsequent decreases in the expected principal cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for additions to the company's allowance for credit losses. subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result first in the recovery of any applicable allowance for credit losses and then in the recognition of additional interest income over the remaining lives of the loans. changes in the circumstances considered when determining management's estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which may result in adjustment of the allowance or, in the case of loans acquired at a discount, increases in interest income in future periods. a detailed discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for credit losses is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses" and in note 4 of notes to financial statements.

•   valuation methodologies - management of the company applies various valuation methodologies to assets and liabilities which often involve a significant degree of judgment, particularly when liquid markets do not exist for the particular items being

50
valued. quoted market prices are referred to when estimating fair values for certain assets, such as trading assets, most investment securities, and residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments. however, for those items for which an observable liquid market does not exist, management utilizes significant estimates and assumptions to value such items. examples of these items include loans, deposits, borrowings, goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, other assets and liabilities obtained or assumed in business combinations, capitalized servicing assets, pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, estimated residual values of property associated with leases, and certain derivative and other financial instruments. these valuations require the use of various assumptions, including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, repayment rates, cash flows, default rates, costs of servicing and liquidation values. the use of different assumptions could produce significantly different results, which could have material positive or negative effects on the company's results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information. in addition to valuation, the company must assess whether there are any declines in value below the carrying value of assets that should be considered other than temporary or otherwise require an adjustment in carrying value and recognition of a loss in the consolidated statement of income. examples include investment securities, other investments, loan servicing rights, goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets, among others. specific assumptions and estimates utilized by management are discussed in detail herein in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and in notes 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 12, 18, 19 and 20 of notes to financial statements.

•   commitments, contingencies and off-balance sheet arrangements - information regarding the company's commitments and contingencies, including guarantees and contingent liabilities arising from litigation, and their potential effects on the company's results of operations is included in note 21 of notes to financial statements. in addition, the company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the company to specific transactions. management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. should tax laws change or the tax authorities determine that management's assumptions were inappropriate, the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the company's results of operations. information regarding the company's income taxes is presented in note 13 of notes to financial statements. the recognition or de-recognition in the company's consolidated financial statements of assets and liabilities held by so-called variable interest entities is subject to the interpretation and application of complex accounting pronouncements or interpretations that require management to estimate and assess the relative significance of the company's financial interests in those entities and the degree to which the company can influence the most important activities of the entities. information relating to the company's involvement in such entities and the accounting treatment afforded each such involvement is included in note 19 of notes to financial statements.

overview the company recorded net income during 2018 of $1.92 billion or $12.74 of diluted earnings per common share, up 36% and 46%, respectively, from $1.41 billion or $8.70 of diluted earnings per common share in 2017. basic earnings per common share also increased 46% to $12.75 in 2018 from $8.72 in 2017. net income in 2016 aggregated $1.32 billion, while diluted and basic earnings per common share were $7.78 and $7.80, respectively. expressed as a rate of return on average assets,
51
net income in 2018 was 1.64%, compared with 1.17% in 2017 and 1.06% in 2016. the return on average common shareholders' equity was 12.82% in 2018, 8.87% in 2017 and 8.16% in 2016.
during 2018, there were several matters that were notable. the company adopted amended accounting guidance in the first quarter of 2018 to separately report equity securities at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet (which were previously reported as investment securities available for sale) with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of income rather than through other comprehensive income. net unrealized losses on investments in equity securities in 2018 were $6 million. as of march 31, 2018, the company increased its reserve for legal matters by $135 million in anticipation of the settlement of a civil litigation matter by a wholly-owned subsidiary of m&t, wilmington trust corporation ("wt corp."), that related to periods prior to the acquisition of wt corp. by m&t. the increase, on an after-tax basis, reduced net income by $102 million or $.71 of diluted earnings per common share in 2018. that matter received final court approval and is now settled. income tax expense in 2018 reflects the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% by the tax cuts and jobs act ('the tax act") that was enacted on december 22, 2017. in december 2018, m&t received approval from the internal revenue service to change its tax return treatment for certain loan fees retroactive to 2017.  given the reduction in federal income tax rates resulting from the tax act, that change in treatment resulted in a $15 million reduction of income tax expense in 2018's fourth quarter.  following receipt of the approval, the company increased its fourth quarter contribution to the m&t charitable foundation to $20 million that, after applicable tax effect, reduced net income by $15 million.
there were also several notable items in 2017. m&t adopted new accounting guidance for share-based transactions in 2017.  that guidance requires that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with share-based compensation be recognized in income tax expense in the income statement.  previously, tax effects resulting from changes in m&t's share price subsequent to the grant date were recorded through shareholders' equity at the time of vesting or exercise.  the adoption of the amended accounting guidance resulted in a $22 million reduction of income tax expense in 2017, or $.15 of diluted earnings per common share.  similarly, income tax expense in 2018 was reduced by $9 million, or $.06 of diluted earnings per common share.
on october 9, 2017, wt corp. reached an agreement with the u.s. attorney's office for the district of delaware related to alleged conduct that took place between 2009 and 2010 prior to the acquisition of wt corp. by m&t.  the result was a payment of $44 million that was not deductible for income tax purposes.  wt corp. did not admit any liability.  as of september 30, 2017, the company increased the reserve for legal matters by $50 million.  that increase, coupled with the non-deductible nature of the $44 million payment, reduced net income in 2017 by $48 million, or $.31 of diluted earnings per common share.  as noted, the tax act enacted in december 2017 reduced the federal income tax rate and made other changes to u.s. corporate income tax laws.  gaap requires that the impact of the provisions of the tax act be accounted for in the period of enactment.  accordingly, the incremental income tax expense recorded by the company in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the tax act was $85 million, representing $.56 of diluted earnings per common share.  the additional expense was largely attributable to the reduction in carrying value of net deferred tax assets reflecting lower future tax benefits resulting from the lower corporate tax rate.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, the company realized after-tax gains from sales of investment securities of $14 million ($21 million pre-tax) that added $.09 to diluted earnings per common share.  gains from investment securities increased the company's net income in 2016 by $18 million ($30 million pre-tax), representing $.12 of diluted earnings per common share. the company increased its contribution to the m&t charitable foundation by $44 million in the final 2017 quarter, bringing total charitable contributions for all of 2017 to $50 million, thereby reducing net income by $30 million, or $.20 of diluted earnings per common share.
52
with regard to 2016, the company incurred acquisition and integration-related expenses (included herein as merger-related expenses) associated with the november 2015 acquisition of hudson city bancorp, inc. ("hudson city") that totaled $22 million after tax effect, or $.14 of diluted earnings per common share.
taxable-equivalent net interest income rose 7% to $4.09 billion in 2018 from $3.82 billion in 2017. that improvement resulted predominantly from a widening of the net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, from 3.47% in 2017 to 3.83% in 2018.  partially offsetting the impact of the expanded net interest margin was a 3% decline in average earning assets to $106.8 billion in 2018 from $110.0 billion in 2017. taxable-equivalent net interest income in 2017 was 9% above $3.50 billion in 2016 due predominantly to a widening of the net interest margin, from 3.11% in 2016, partially offset by a $2.6 billion or 2% decline in average earning assets.
the provision for credit losses declined 21% to $132 million in 2018 from $168 million in 2017. the provision in 2016 was $190 million.
other income totaled $1.86 billion and $1.85 billion in 2018 and 2017, respectively, compared with $1.83 billion in 2016.  as compared with 2017, higher trust income and income from bayview lending group llc ("blg") in 2018 were partially offset by the impact of gains on investment securities during 2017.  comparing 2017 to 2016, higher trust income and service charges on deposit accounts were partially offset by a decline in residential mortgage banking revenues and lower gains on investment securities.
other expense increased 5% to $3.29 billion in 2018 from $3.14 billion in 2017. other expense in 2016  aggregated $3.05 billion. included in those amounts are expenses considered by m&t to be "nonoperating" in nature, consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $25 million, $31 million and $43 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million in 2016 associated with the acquisition of hudson city. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses totaled $3.26 billion in 2018, compared with $3.11 billion in 2017 and $2.97 billion in 2016. the increase in such expenses in 2018 as compared with 2017 was largely due to higher costs for salaries and employee benefits, professional services, and increases to the reserve for legal matters, partially offset by lower fdic assessments and charitable contributions. contributing to the increase in noninterest operating expenses in 2017 as compared with 2016 were higher costs for salaries and employee benefits, professional services and charitable contributions, and increases to the reserve for legal matters.
the efficiency ratio measures the relationship of noninterest operating expenses to revenues. the company's efficiency ratio, or noninterest operating expenses (as previously defined) divided by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of gains and losses from bank investment securities), was 54.8% in 2018, compared with 55.1% and 56.1% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the calculations of the efficiency ratio are presented in table 2.
the company's effective tax rate was 23.5%, 39.4% and 36.1% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the lower rate in 2018 reflects the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018.
on june 28, 2018, m&t announced that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's revised 2018 capital plan.  that capital plan includes the repurchase of up to $1.8 billion of common shares during the four-quarter period starting on july 1, 2018 and an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend in the third quarter of 2018 of up to $.20 per share to $1.00 per share.  m&t may continue to pay dividends and interest on equity and debt instruments included in regulatory capital, including preferred stock, trust preferred securities and subordinated debt that were outstanding at december 31, 2017, consistent with the contractual terms of those instruments.  dividends are subject to declaration by m&t's board of directors.  in july 2018, m&t's board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.8 billion of shares of m&t's
53
common stock subject to all applicable regulatory limitations, including those set forth in m&t's revised 2018 capital plan.  also during 2018's third quarter, m&t increased the quarterly common stock cash dividend by $.20 to $1.00 per share after having increased the dividend from $.75 to $.80 per share during the second quarter of 2018.
on february 5, 2018, m&t received notice of non-objection from the federal reserve to repurchase an additional $745 million of shares of its common stock by june 30, 2018.  this amount was in addition to the previously announced $900 million of common stock authorized for repurchase under m&t's 2017 capital plan and approved by m&t's board of directors.  a new stock repurchase program was approved by m&t's board of directors on february 21, 2018 authorizing the repurchase of up to $745 million. in accordance with authorized stock repurchase programs, m&t repurchased 12,295,817 shares of its common stock at a cost of $2.2 billion during 2018.  the dollar amount and number of common shares repurchased were $1.2 billion and 7,369,105, respectively, in 2017 and $641 million and 5,607,595, respectively, in 2016.
table 1
earnings summary dollars in millions increase (decrease)(a)                                                                                                                                                                                                             compound growth rate

2017 to 2018                                 2016 to 2017                                                                                                                                                                              5 years amount                    %                  amount                    %                                                   2018                     2017                 2016                 2015                 2014                          2013 to 2018
$418.2                   10                  $279.6                    7       interest income(b)                                    $4,620.6                 $4,202.4             $3,922.8             $3,195.3             $2,980.5           9     %
139.6                   36                   (39.2    )              (9   )   interest expense                                         526.4                    386.8                426.0                328.3                280.4          13
278.6                    7                   318.8                    9       net interest income(b)                                 4,094.2                  3,815.6              3,496.8              2,867.0              2,700.1           9
(36.0    )             (21    )              (22.0    )             (12   )   less: provision for credit losses                        132.0                    168.0                190.0                170.0                124.0          (7     )
(27.6    )               -                    (9.0    )             (30   )   gain (loss) on bank investment securities                 (6.3   )                 21.3                 30.3                    -                    -           -
32.4                    2                    34.2                    2       other income                                           1,862.3                  1,829.9              1,795.7              1,825.1              1,779.3           -
less:
103.5                    6                    30.7                    2       salaries and employee benefits                         1,752.3                  1,648.8              1,618.1              1,532.4              1,418.0           5
44.3                    3                    62.2                    5       other expense                                          1,535.8                  1,491.5              1,429.3              1,290.5              1,271.5           4
171.6                    7                   273.1                   13       income before income taxes                             2,530.1                  2,358.5              2,085.4              1,699.2              1,665.9           7
less:
(12.7    )             (37    )                7.6                   28       taxable-equivalent adjustment(b)                          21.9                     34.6                 27.0                 24.5                 23.7          (3     )
(325.5    )             (36    )              172.3                   23       income taxes                                             590.1                    915.6                743.3                595.0                576.0          (1     )
$509.8                   36                   $93.2                    7       net income                                            $1,918.1                 $1,408.3             $1,315.1             $1,079.7             $1,066.2          11     %
(a)   changes were calculated from unrounded amounts.

(b)   interest income data are on a taxable-equivalent basis. the taxable-equivalent adjustment represents additional income taxes that would be due if all interest income were subject to income taxes. this adjustment, which is related to interest received on qualified municipal securities, industrial revenue financings and preferred equity securities, is based on a composite income tax rate of approximately 26% in 2018 and 39% in prior years.

supplemental reporting of non-gaap results of operations as a result of business combinations and other acquisitions, the company had intangible assets consisting of goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets totaling $4.6 billion and $4.7 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. included in such intangible assets was goodwill of $4.6 billion at each of those dates. amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, after-tax effect, totaled $18 million, $19 million and $26 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
m&t consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a "net operating" or "tangible" basis, from which m&t excludes the after-tax effect of amortization of core deposit and
54
other intangible assets (and the related goodwill, core deposit intangible and other intangible asset balances, net of applicable deferred tax amounts) and gains and expenses associated with merging acquired operations into the company, since such items are considered by management to be "nonoperating" in nature. those merger-related expenses generally consist of professional services and other temporary help fees associated with the actual or planned conversion of systems and/or integration of operations; costs related to branch and office consolidations; costs related to termination of existing contractual arrangements to purchase various services; initial marketing and promotion expenses designed to introduce m&t bank to its new customers; severance; incentive compensation costs; travel costs; and printing, supplies and other costs of completing the transactions and commencing operations in new markets and offices. merger-related expenses associated with m&t's november 1, 2015 acquisition of hudson city totaled $36 million ($22 million after-tax) in 2016. there were no merger-related expenses in 2018 or 2017. although "net operating income" as defined by m&t is not a gaap measure, m&t's management believes that this information helps investors understand the effect of acquisition activity in reported results.
net operating income was $1.94 billion in 2018, compared with $1.43 billion in 2017 and $1.36 billion in 2016. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $12.86 in 2018, $8.82 in 2017 and $8.08 in 2016.
net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets was 1.72% in 2018, compared with 1.23% in 2017 and 1.14% in 2016. net operating income represented a return on average tangible common equity of 19.09% in 2018, compared with 13.00% in 2017 and 12.25% in 2016.
reconciliations of gaap amounts with corresponding non-gaap amounts are presented in table 2.
55
table 2
reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap measures
2018                        2017                        2016

income statement data dollars in thousands, except per share net income net income                                                                   $1,918,080                  $1,408,306                  $1,315,114
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                      18,075                      19,025                      25,893
merger-related expenses(a)                                                            -                           -                      21,685
net operating income                                                         $1,936,155                  $1,427,331                  $1,362,692
earnings per common share diluted earnings per common share                                                $12.74                       $8.70                       $7.78
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets(a)                         .12                         .12                         .16
merger-related expenses(a)                                                            -                           -                         .14
diluted net operating earnings per common share                                  $12.86                       $8.82                       $8.08
other expense other expense                                                                $3,288,062                  $3,140,325                  $3,047,485
amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets                        (24,522   )                 (31,366   )                 (42,613   )
merger-related expenses                                                               -                           -                     (35,755   )
noninterest operating expense                                                $3,263,540                  $3,108,959                  $2,969,117
merger-related expenses salaries and employee benefits                                                       $-                          $-                      $5,334
equipment and net occupancy                                                           -                           -                       1,278
outside data processing and software                                                  -                           -                       1,067
advertising and marketing                                                             -                           -                      10,522
printing, postage and supplies                                                        -                           -                       1,482
other costs of operations                                                             -                           -                      16,072
total                                                                                $-                          $-                     $35,755
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                                    $3,263,540                  $3,108,959                  $2,969,117
taxable-equivalent net interest income                                        4,094,199                   3,815,614                   3,496,849
other income                                                                  1,856,000                   1,851,143                   1,825,996
less: gain (loss) on bank investment securities                                  (6,301   )                  21,279                      30,314
denominator                                                                  $5,956,500                  $5,645,478                  $5,292,531
efficiency ratio                                                                  54.79   %                   55.07   %                   56.10   %
balance sheet data in millions average assets average assets                                                                 $116,959                    $120,860                    $124,340
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (59   )                     (86   )                    (117   )
deferred taxes                                                                       16                          33                          46
average tangible assets                                                        $112,323                    $116,214                    $119,676
average common equity average total equity                                                            $15,630                     $16,295                     $16,419
preferred stock                                                                  (1,232   )                  (1,232   )                  (1,297   )
average common equity                                                            14,398                      15,063                      15,122
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (59   )                     (86   )                    (117   )
deferred taxes                                                                       16                          33                          46
average tangible common equity                                                   $9,762                     $10,417                     $10,458
at end of year total assets total assets                                                                   $120,097                    $118,593                    $123,449
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (47   )                     (72   )                     (98   )
deferred taxes                                                                       13                          19                          39
total tangible assets                                                          $115,470                    $113,947                    $118,797
total common equity total equity                                                                    $15,460                     $16,251                     $16,487
preferred stock                                                                  (1,232   )                  (1,232   )                  (1,232   )
undeclared dividends - cumulative preferred stock                                    (3   )                      (3   )                      (3   )
common equity, net of undeclared cumulative preferred dividends                  14,225                      15,016                      15,252
goodwill                                                                         (4,593   )                  (4,593   )                  (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                                            (47   )                     (72   )                     (98   )
deferred taxes                                                                       13                          19                          39
total tangible common equity                                                     $9,598                     $10,370                     $10,600
(a)   after any related tax effect.

56
net interest income/lending and funding activities net interest income expressed on a taxable-equivalent basis aggregated $4.09 billion in 2018, up 7% from $3.82 billion in 2017.   that growth resulted from a widening of the net interest margin to 3.83% in 2018 from 3.47% in 2017. the improvement in the net interest margin was predominantly the result of higher yields on loans due to the higher interest rate environment in 2018.  the federal reserve raised its target federal funds rate in .25% increments three times during 2017 and four times during 2018. partially offsetting the favorable impact of higher interest rates was a $3.2 billion, or 3%, decline in average earning assets to $106.8 billion in 2018 from $110.0 billion in 2017 that reflected decreases in average balances of investment securities of $1.8 billion and average loan and lease balances of $1.4 billion.
average loans and leases declined to $87.4 billion in 2018 from $88.8 billion in 2017.
average balances of commercial loans and leases decreased $149 million or 1% to $21.8 billion in 2018 from $22.0 billion in 2017. average balances of commercial real estate loans increased $485 million or 1% to $33.7 billion in 2018 from $33.2 billion in 2017. consumer loans averaged $13.6 billion in 2018, up $930 million or 7% from $12.6 billion in 2017, due to growth in recreational finance loans and automobile loans that was partially offset by declines in outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit. recreational finance loans predominantly consisted of loans to consumers that are secured by recreational vehicles and boats. average residential real estate loans declined $2.7 billion or 13% to $18.3 billion in 2018 from $21.0 billion in 2017, predominantly due to ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.
taxable-equivalent net interest income in 2017 increased 9% from $3.50 billion in 2016. that growth resulted from a widening of the net interest margin to 3.47% in 2017 from 3.11% in 2016. the improvement in the net interest margin was predominantly the result of higher yields on loans due to the higher interest rate environment in 2017. the federal reserve raised its target federal funds rate by .25% in december 2016 and by the same increment in each of march, june and december 2017. partially offsetting the favorable impact of higher interest rates was a $2.6 billion, or 2%, decline in average earning assets to $110.0 billion in 2017 from $112.6 billion in 2016 that reflected lower interest-bearing deposits at banks.
average loans and leases increased to $88.8 billion in 2017 from $88.6 billion in 2016. average balances of commercial loans and leases increased $584 million or 3% to $22.0 billion in 2017 from $21.4 billion in 2016. average commercial real estate loans increased $2.3 billion or 7% in 2017 to $33.2 billion from $30.9 billion in 2016. consumer loans averaged $12.6 billion in 2017, up $784 million or 7% from $11.8 billion in 2016 due to growth in recreational finance and automobile loans. average residential real estate loans declined $3.5 billion or 14% to $21.0 billion in 2017 from $24.5 billion in 2016, predominantly due to ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.
57
58
table 3
average balance sheets and taxable-equivalent rates
2018                                                                   2017                                                                   2016                                                                   2015                                                                   2014

average                    interest             average                 average           interest                     average                 average                   interest             average                 average                   interest             average                average                   interest             average balance                                            rate                 balance                                           rate                 balance                                           rate                 balance                                           rate                balance                                           rate
(average balance in millions of dollars; interest in thousands of dollars)
assets earning assets loans and leases, net of unearned discount(a)
commercial, financial, etc.                               $21,832                  $1,003,462                4.60       %          21,981                    853,389                3.88   %              21,397                    736,240                3.44   %              19,899                    638,199                3.21   %             18,867                    624,487                3.31   %
real estate - commercial                                   33,682                   1,712,247                5.01                  33,196                  1,481,427                4.40                  30,915                  1,277,196                4.06                  28,276                  1,193,271                4.16                 26,461                  1,142,939                4.26
real estate - consumer                                     18,330                     766,552                4.18                  21,013                    832,574                3.96                  24,463                    958,521                3.92                  11,458                    468,790                4.09                  8,719                    368,632                4.23
consumer                                                   13,555                     703,919                5.19                  12,625                    608,253                4.82                  11,841                    538,144                4.54                  11,203                    499,650                4.46                 10,618                    480,877                4.53
total loans and leases, net                                87,399                   4,186,180                4.79                  88,815                  3,775,643                4.25                  88,616                  3,510,101                3.96                  70,836                  2,799,910                3.95                 64,665                  2,616,935                4.05
interest-bearing deposits at banks                          5,614                     108,182                1.93                   5,578                     61,326                1.10                   8,846                     45,516                 .51                   5,775                     15,252                 .26                  5,342                     13,361                 .25
federal funds sold and agreements to resell                     1                          23                1.95                       -           6                               1.56                       -                          3                 .86                      34                         35                 .10                     89                         64                 .07
securities trading account                                                58                       1,479                2.55                      71                      1,202                1.70                      85                      1,442                1.71                      86                      1,247                1.44                     76                      1,381                1.81
investment securities(b)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies                         12,915                     299,543                2.32                  14,701                    336,446                2.29                  14,025                    332,926                2.37                  13,514                    336,873                2.49                 10,543                    304,178                2.88
obligations of states and political                            16                         747                4.58                      43                      1,951                4.62                      90                      3,839                4.24                     143                      6,391                4.46                    166                      8,115                4.89
subdivisions other                                                         763                      24,454                3.21                     794                     25,791                3.25                     894                     29,006                3.24                     799                     35,599                4.45                    800                     36,485                4.56
total investment securities                                13,694                     324,744                2.37                  15,538                    364,188                2.34                  15,009                    365,771                2.44                  14,456                    378,863                2.62                 11,509                    348,778                3.03
total earning assets                                      106,766                   4,620,608                4.33                 110,002                  4,202,365                3.82                 112,556                  3,922,833                3.49                  91,187                  3,195,307                3.50                 81,681                  2,980,519                3.65
allowance for credit losses                                (1,019   )                                                              (1,012   )                                                               (976   )                                                               (935   )                                                              (923   )
cash and due from banks                                     1,312                                                                   1,295                                                                  1,273                                                                  1,242                                                                 1,277
other assets                                                9,900                                                                  10,575                                                                 11,487                                                                 10,286                                                                10,108
total assets                                             $116,959                                                                 120,860                                                                124,340                                                                101,780                                                                92,143
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits savings and interest-checking deposits                    $52,102                     215,411                 .41                  53,399                    133,177                 .25                  52,194                     87,704                 .17                  43,885                     46,140                 .11                 41,508                     46,869                 .11
time deposits                                               6,025                      51,423                 .85                   8,161                     61,505                 .75                  12,253                    102,841                 .84                   4,641                     27,059                 .58                  3,290                     15,515                 .47
deposits at cayman islands office                             394                       5,633                1.43                     185                      1,186                 .64                     199                        797                 .40                     216                        615                 .28                    327                        699                 .21
total interest-bearing deposits                            58,521                     272,467                 .47                  61,745                    195,868                 .32                  64,646                    191,342                 .30                  48,742                     73,814                 .15                 45,125                     63,083                 .14
short-term borrowings                                         331                       5,386                1.63                     205                      1,511                 .74                     894                      3,625                 .41                     548                      1,677                 .31                    215                        101                 .05
long-term borrowings                                        8,845                     248,556                2.81                   8,302                    189,372                2.28                  10,252                    231,017                2.25                  10,217                    252,766                2.47                  7,492                    217,247                2.90
total interest-bearing liabilities                         67,697                     526,409                 .78                  70,252                    386,751                 .55                  75,792                    425,984                 .56                  59,507                    328,257                 .55                 52,832                    280,431                 .53
noninterest-bearing deposits                               31,893                                                                  32,520                                                                 30,160                                                                 27,324                                                                25,715
other liabilities                                           1,739                                                                   1,793                                                                  1,969                                                                  1,721                                                                 1,499
total liabilities                                         101,329                                                                 104,565                                                                107,921                                                                 88,552                                                                80,046
shareholders' equity                                       15,630                                                                  16,295                                                                 16,419                                                                 13,228                                                                12,097
total liabilities and shareholders' equity               $116,959                                                                 120,860                                                                124,340                                                                101,780                                                                92,143
net interest spread                                                                                          3.55                                                                   3.27                                                                   2.93                                                                   2.95                                                                  3.12
contribution of interest-free funds                                                                           .28                                                                    .20                                                                    .18                                                                    .19                                                                   .19
net interest income/margin on earning assets                                       $4,094,199                3.83       %                                  3,815,614                3.47   %                                      3,496,849                3.11   %                                      2,867,050                3.14   %                                     2,700,088                3.31   %
(a)   includes nonaccrual loans.

(b)   includes available-for-sale investment securities at amortized cost.

table 4 summarizes average loans and leases outstanding in 2018 and percentage changes in the major components of the portfolio over the past two years.
table 4
average loans and leases
(net of unearned discount)
percent increase

(decrease) from
2018                     2017 to 2018                2016 to 2017
(in millions)
commercial, financial, etc.               $21,832                (1   )    %                  3       %
real estate - commercial                   33,682                 1                           7
real estate - consumer                     18,330               (13   )                     (14   )
consumer home equity lines and loans                 5,051                (7   )                      (6   )
recreational finance                        3,693                30                          23
automobile                                  3,583                10                          19
other                                       1,228                14                           7
total consumer                             13,555                 7                           7
total                                     $87,399                (2   )    %                  -       %
commercial loans and leases, excluding loans secured by real estate, totaled $23.0 billion at december 31, 2018, representing 26% of total loans and leases. table 5 presents information on commercial loans and leases as of december 31, 2018 relating to geographic area, size, borrower industry and whether the loans are secured by collateral or unsecured. of the $23.0 billion of commercial loans and leases outstanding at the end of 2018, approximately $20.6 billion, or 90%, were secured, while 39% were granted to businesses in new york state and 23% to businesses in each of pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area (which includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia). the company provides financing for leases to commercial customers, primarily for equipment. commercial leases included in total commercial loans and leases at december 31, 2018 aggregated $1.3 billion, of which 47% were secured by collateral located in new york state, 18% were secured by collateral in pennsylvania and another 16% were secured by collateral in the mid-atlantic area.
59
table 5
commercial loans and leases, net of unearned discount
(excludes loans secured by real estate)
december 31, 2018
mid-                                                                                 percent of

new york                     pennsylvania                  atlantic(a)                     other                      total                        total
(dollars in millions)
automobile dealerships                          $1,783                      $1,032                            $680                       $1,284                       $4,779                        21   %
services                                         1,317                         639                           1,140                          348                        3,444                        15
manufacturing                                    1,449                         856                             588                          428                        3,321                        14
wholesale                                          828                         645                             468                          137                        2,078                         9
financial and insurance                            660                         302                             439                          391                        1,792                         8
health services                                    634                         259                             649                          131                        1,673                         7
real estate investors                              889                         182                             224                          144                        1,439                         6
transportation, communications,                    390                         348                             379                          296                        1,413                         6
utilities retail                                             298                         329                             349                          186                        1,162                         5
construction                                       355                         319                             338                           91                        1,103                         5
public administration                              150                          60                              24                           12                          246                         1
agriculture, forestry, fishing, etc.                21                          60                              45                            -                          126                         1
other                                               81                         218                              54                           49                          402                         2
total                                           $8,855                      $5,249                          $5,377                       $3,497                      $22,978                       100   %
percent of total                                    39   %                      23    %                         23    %                      15   %                      100   %
percent of dollars outstanding secured                                             82   %                      83    %                         86    %                      89   %                       84   %
unsecured                                           11                          13                              10                            4                           10
leases                                               7                           4                               4                            7                            6
total                                              100   %                     100    %                        100    %                     100   %                      100   %
percent of dollars outstanding by size of loan less than $1 million                                22   %                      18    %                         26    %                      10   %                       20   %
$1 million to $5 million                            22                          22                              21                           21                           22
$5 million to $10 million                           15                          22                              16                           15                           17
$10 million to $20 million                          17                          19                              16                           20                           17
$20 million to $30 million                           9                           9                               9                           12                            9
$30 million to $50 million                           7                           6                               3                           13                            7
greater than $50 million                             8                           4                               9                            9                            8
total                                              100   %                     100    %                        100    %                     100   %                      100   %
(a)   includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

international loans included in commercial loans and leases totaled $109 million and $77 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. included in such loans were $78 million and $54 million, respectively, of loans at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada. the remaining international loans are predominantly to domestic companies with foreign operations.
loans secured by real estate, including outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit which the company classifies as consumer loans, represented approximately 65% of the loan
60
and lease portfolio during 2018, compared with 67% and 69% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. at december 31, 2018, the company held approximately $34.4 billion of commercial real estate loans, $17.2 billion of consumer real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties (including $205 million of loans originated for sale) and $4.9 billion of outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit, compared with $33.4 billion, $19.6 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2017. the decrease in residential real estate loans reflects the continued pay down of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. included in commercial real estate loans at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were construction loans of $8.8 billion and $8.1 billion, respectively, including amounts due from builders and developers of residential real estate aggregating $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. commercial real estate loans also included loans held for sale totaling $347 million and $22 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. international loans included in commercial real estate loans totaled $49 million at december 31, 2018 and $65 million at december 31, 2017.
commercial real estate loans originated by the company include fixed rate instruments with monthly payments and a balloon payment of the remaining unpaid principal at maturity, in many cases five years after origination. for borrowers in good standing, the terms of such loans may be extended by the customer for an additional five years at the then-current market rate of interest. the company also originates fixed rate commercial real estate loans with maturities of greater than five years, generally having original maturity terms of approximately seven to ten years, and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans. adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans represented approximately 76% of the commercial real estate loan portfolio at the 2018 year-end. table 6 presents commercial real estate loans by geographic area, type of collateral and size of the loans outstanding at december 31, 2018. new york city area commercial real estate loans totaled $8.7 billion at december 31, 2018. the $7.8 billion of investor-owned commercial real estate loans in the new york city area were largely secured by multifamily residential properties, retail space and office space. the company's experience has been that office, retail and service-related properties tend to demonstrate more volatile fluctuations in value through economic cycles and changing economic conditions than do multifamily residential properties. approximately 33% of the aggregate dollar amount of new york city area loans were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less, while loans of more than $50 million made up approximately 18% of the total.
61
table 6
commercial real estate loans, net of unearned discount december 31, 2018
new york state

new york                                                   penn-                        mid-                                                                                       percent of city                          other                        sylvania                     atlantic(a)                     other                        total                         total
(dollars in millions)
investor-owned permanent finance by property type office                                       $1,485                          $946                         $461                        $1,324                           $390                        $4,606                        14   %
retail/service                                1,379                           604                          341                           981                            629                         3,934                        11
apartments/multifamily                        1,410                           826                          432                           454                            654                         3,776                        11
hotel                                           685                           408                          308                           714                            589                         2,704                         8
health facilities                               426                           455                          369                           830                            456                         2,536                         7
industrial/warehouse                            251                           215                          278                           314                            365                         1,423                         4
other                                           124                            30                           12                            60                              3                           229                         1
total permanent                               5,760                         3,484                        2,201                         4,677                          3,086                        19,208                        56   %
construction/development commercial construction                                  1,387                           607                          856                         1,884                          1,375                         6,109                        18   %
land/land development                           276                            27                           31                           216                             63                           613                         2
residential builder and developer construction                                    323                             9                           30                           244                            528                         1,134                         3
land/land development                            27                            19                           44                           151                            315                           556                         1
total construction/                           2,013                           662                          961                         2,495                          2,281                         8,412                        24   %
development total investor-owned                          7,773                         4,146                        3,162                         7,172                          5,367                        27,620                        80   %
owner-occupied by industry(b)
other services                                  177                           384                          190                           582                             34                         1,367                         4   %
retail                                          151                           136                          288                           394                            161                         1,130                         3
automobile dealerships                          163                           202                          270                           178                            211                         1,024                         3
health services                                 124                           341                          143                           213                             29                           850                         2
wholesale                                        95                            90                          116                           332                            106                           739                         2
manufacturing                                    80                           209                          131                           150                             28                           598                         2
real estate investors                            34                            35                           40                            40                              3                           152                         1
other                                           126                           186                          225                           341                              6                           884                         3
total owner-occupied                            950                         1,583                        1,403                         2,230                            578                         6,744                        20   %
total commercial real estate                 $8,723                        $5,729                       $4,565                        $9,402                         $5,945                       $34,364                       100   %
percent of total                                 26   %                        17   %                       13   %                        27    %                        17   %                       100   %
percent of dollars outstanding by size of loan less than $1 million                              4   %                        15   %                       13   %                        10    %                        10   %                        10   %
$1 million to $5 million                         16                            27                           24                            19                             13                            19
$5 million to $10 million                        13                            20                           20                            16                             14                            16
$10 million to $30 million                       32                            31                           30                            28                             36                            31
$30 million to $50 million                       17                             6                            9                            16                             16                            14
$50 million to $100 million                      14                             1                            4                            11                              9                             9
greater than $100 million                         4                             -                            -                             -                              2                             1
total                                           100   %                       100   %                      100   %                       100    %                       100   %                       100   %
(a)   includes delaware, maryland, new jersey, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

(b)   includes $341 million of construction loans.

62
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located in other parts of new york state, pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area tend to have a greater diversity of collateral types and include a significant amount of lending to customers who use the mortgaged property in their trade or business (owner-occupied). approximately 62% of the aggregate dollar amount of commercial real estate loans in new york state secured by properties located outside of the new york city area were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less. of the outstanding balances of commercial real estate loans in pennsylvania and the mid-atlantic area, approximately 57% and 45%, respectively, were for loans with outstanding balances of $10 million or less.
commercial real estate loans secured by properties located outside of pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and new york state comprised 17% of total commercial real estate loans as of december 31, 2018.
commercial real estate construction and development loans made to investors presented in table 6 totaled $8.4 billion at december 31, 2018, or 10% of total loans and leases. approximately 98% of those construction loans had adjustable interest rates. included in such loans at the 2018 year-end were $1.7 billion of loans to builders and developers of residential real estate properties.  the remainder of the commercial real estate construction loan portfolio was comprised of loans made for various purposes, including the construction of office buildings, multifamily residential housing, retail space and other commercial development.
m&t realty capital corporation, a commercial real estate lending subsidiary of m&t bank, participates in the delegated underwriting and servicing ("dus") program of fannie mae, pursuant to which commercial real estate loans are originated in accordance with terms and conditions specified by fannie mae and sold. under this program, loans are sold with partial credit recourse to m&t realty capital corporation. the amount of recourse is generally limited to one-third of any credit loss incurred by the purchaser on an individual loan, although in some cases the recourse amount is less than one-third of the outstanding principal balance. the company's maximum credit risk for recourse associated with sold commercial real estate loans was approximately $3.4 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. there have been no material losses incurred as a result of those recourse arrangements. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, commercial real estate loans serviced by the company for other investors were $18.2 billion and $16.2 billion, respectively. reflected in commercial real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others that had outstanding balances of $2.7 billion and $2.6 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
real estate loans secured by one-to-four family residential properties were $17.2 billion at december 31, 2018, including approximately 36% secured by properties located in new york state, 8% secured by properties located in pennsylvania, 27% secured by properties in new jersey and 12% secured by properties located in other mid-atlantic areas. the company's portfolio of alternative ("alt-a") residential real estate loans (referred to as "limited documentation loans") held for investment totaled $2.5 billion at december 31, 2018, down from $3.0 billion at december 31, 2017. a portfolio of limited documentation loans acquired with the hudson city transaction totaled $2.4 billion and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. alt-a loans represent loans that at origination typically included some form of limited borrower documentation requirements as compared with more traditional residential real estate loans. hudson city loans that were eligible for limited documentation processing were available in amounts up to 65% of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price of the property. hudson city discontinued its limited documentation loan program in january 2014. loans in the company's alt-a portfolio prior to the hudson city transaction were originated by the company prior to 2008. loans to individuals to finance the construction of one-to-four family residential properties totaled $41 million at december 31, 2018 and $22 million at december 31, 2017, or less than .1% of total loans and leases
63
at each of those dates. information about the credit performance of the company's residential real estate loans is included herein under the heading "provision for credit losses."
consumer loans comprised approximately 16% and 15% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit represent the largest component of the consumer loan portfolio. such balances represented approximately 5% and 6% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. approximately 40% of home equity loans and lines of credit outstanding at december 31, 2018 were secured by properties in new york state, 25% in maryland, 21% in pennsylvania and 3% in new jersey. outstanding recreational finance loan balances increased to $4.1 billion at december 31, 2018 from $3.3 billion at december 31, 2017.  that growth was due largely to new dealer relationships.  outstanding automobile loan balances rose to $3.7 billion at december 31, 2018 from $3.5 billion at december 31, 2017. that increase reflects continued consumer demand for motor vehicles.
table 7 presents the composition of the company's loan and lease portfolio at the end of 2018, including outstanding balances to businesses and consumers in new york state, pennsylvania, the mid-atlantic area and other states.
table 7
loans and leases, net of unearned discount december 31, 2018
percent of dollars outstanding

mid-atlantic new                  penn-                                         new outstandings   york                 sylvania               maryland               jersey                 other(a)               other
(in millions)
real estate residential                           $17,154         36   %                 8   %                  6   %                 27   %                  6   %                 17   %
commercial                             34,364         42                    13                     11                      7                     10                     17
total real estate                      51,518         40   %                11   %                  9   %                 14   %                  8   %                 18   %
commercial, financial, etc.            21,715         38   %                23   %                 12   %                  6   %                  6   %                 15   %
consumer home equity lines and loans             4,860         40   %                21   %                 25   %                  3   %                  9   %                  2   %
recreational finance                    4,127         15                     7                      4                      5                      6                     63
automobile                              3,659         25                    18                     10                      7                     14                     26
other secured or guaranteed               348         22                    15                     11                      2                     23                     27
other unsecured                           976         39                    20                     25                      2                     11                      3
total consumer                         13,970         28   %                16   %                 14   %                  5   %                 10   %                 27   %
total loans                            87,203         38   %                15   %                 11   %                 10   %                  8   %                 18   %
commercial leases                       1,263         47   %                18   %                 10   %                  3   %                  3   %                 19   %
total loans and leases                $88,466         38   %                15   %                 11   %                 10   %                  8   %                 18   %
(a)   includes delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

the investment securities portfolio averaged $13.7 billion in 2018, compared with $15.5 billion and $15.0 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the lower average balances in 2018 as compared with 2017 largely reflect maturities and pay downs of mortgage-backed securities offset, in part, by
64
purchases of approximately $450 million of u.s. treasury notes. during 2017, the company purchased $1.4 billion of mortgage-backed securities, predominantly ginnie mae and freddie mac securities, and $219 million of u.s. treasury notes.  the company sold $512 million of available-for-sale fannie mae and freddie mac mortgage-backed securities during 2017 largely due to the limitations on the amount of those types of securities that are permitted to be included in the highest tier of "high quality liquid assets" for the liquidity coverage ratio ("lcr") calculation. the company also sold a portion of its holdings of fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock during december 2017 for a gain of $18 million.  the preferred stock sold had a cost basis (after previous write-downs) of $3 million.   during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations that were held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio for a gain of approximately $30 million.  those securities were sold in large part in response to the provisions of the so-called volcker rule included in the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act").  sales of investment securities were not significant in 2018.
the investment securities portfolio is largely comprised of residential mortgage-backed securities and shorter-term u.s. treasury and federal agency notes. when purchasing investment securities, the company considers its liquidity position and its overall interest-rate risk profile as well as the adequacy of expected returns relative to risks assumed, including prepayments. the company manages its investment securities portfolio, in part, to satisfy the lcr requirements established by regulators. the lcr is intended to ensure that banks hold a sufficient amount of "high quality liquid assets" to cover the anticipated net cash outflows during a hypothetical acute 30-day stress scenario. for additional information concerning the lcr rules, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "liquidity."
the company may occasionally sell investment securities as a result of changes in interest rates and spreads, actual or anticipated prepayments, credit risk associated with a particular security, or as a result of restructuring its investment securities portfolio in connection with a business combination. the amounts of investment securities held by the company are influenced by such factors as demand for loans, which generally yield more than investment securities, ongoing repayments, the levels of deposits, and management of liquidity (including the lcr) and balance sheet size and resulting capital ratios.
the company regularly reviews its investment securities for declines in value below amortized cost that might be characterized as "other than temporary." there were no other-than-temporary impairment charges recognized in the investment securities portfolio in 2018, 2017 or 2016. based on management's assessment of future cash flows associated with individual investment securities as of december 31, 2018, the company concluded that declines in value below amortized cost associated with the investment securities portfolio were temporary in nature. a further discussion of fair values of investment securities is included herein under the heading "capital." additional information about the investment securities portfolio is included in notes 2 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
other earning assets include interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank of new york and other banks, trading account assets and federal funds sold. those other earning assets in the aggregate averaged $5.7 billion in 2018, $5.6 billion in 2017 and $8.9 billion in 2016. interest-bearing deposits at banks averaged $5.6 billion in each of 2018 and 2017, compared with $8.8 billion in 2016. the amounts of interest-bearing deposits at banks at the respective dates were predominantly comprised of deposits held at the federal reserve bank of new york. the levels of those deposits often fluctuate due to changes in trust-related deposits of commercial entities, purchases or maturities of investment securities, or borrowings to manage the company's liquidity.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits. the company considers noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and time deposits of $250,000 or less as core deposits. the company's branch network is its principal source of core deposits, which generally carry lower interest rates than wholesale funds of
65
comparable maturities. average core deposits totaled $87.3 billion in 2018, compared with $92.1 billion in 2017 and $92.2 billion in 2016. the decline in average core deposits in 2018 as compared with 2017 reflected a $2.0 billion, or 27%, decrease in time deposits, predominantly related to maturities of relatively high-rate time deposits, and lower balances of savings and interest-checking deposits, largely money-market savings deposits, and noninterest-bearing deposits. the decline in average core deposits in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected a $3.6 billion, or 33%, decrease in time deposits, predominantly related to maturities of relatively high-rate deposits obtained in the acquisition of hudson city, partially offset by growth in noninterest-bearing deposits, in part reflecting balances associated with trust customers. funding provided by core deposits represented 82% of average earning assets in each of 2018 and 2016, compared with 84% in 2017. table 8 summarizes average core deposits in 2018 and percentage changes in the components of such deposits over the past two years. core deposits totaled $85.5 billion and $90.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
table 8
average core deposits percent increase

(decrease) from
2018                  2017 to 2018                   2016 to 2017
(in millions)
savings and interest-checking deposits               $50,131                (4   )    %                  2       %
time deposits                                          5,324               (27   )                     (33   )
noninterest-bearing deposits                          31,893                (2   )                       8
total                                                $87,348                (5   )    %                  -       %
the company also receives funding from other deposit sources, including branch-related time deposits over $250,000, deposits associated with the company's cayman islands office, and brokered deposits. time deposits over $250,000, excluding brokered deposits, averaged $675 million in 2018, $775 million in 2017 and $1.2 billion in 2016. the declines in such deposits in 2018 and 2017 from 2016 were predominantly the result of maturities of higher-rate time deposits. cayman islands office deposits averaged $394 million in 2018, $185 million in 2017 and $199 million in 2016. brokered time deposits averaged $25 million in 2018 and $59 million in each of 2017 and 2016. the company also had brokered savings and interest-bearing transaction accounts that averaged $2.0 billion in 2018, $1.2 billion in 2017 and $1.1 billion in 2016. additional amounts of cayman islands office deposits or brokered deposits may be added in the future depending on market conditions, including demand by customers and other investors for those deposits, and the cost of funds available from alternative sources at the time.
the company also uses borrowings from banks, securities dealers, various federal home loan banks, the federal reserve bank of new york and others as sources of funding. short-term borrowings represent arrangements that at the time they were entered into had a contractual maturity of one year or less. average short-term borrowings were $331 million in 2018, $205 million in 2017 and $894 million in 2016. the higher levels in 2016 were predominantly due to short-term borrowings from the federal home loan bank ("fhlb") of new york assumed in the hudson city acquisition. those short-term fixed rate borrowings matured throughout 2016. however, in december 2018, the company borrowed $4.2 billion from the fhlb of new york for lcr and other liquidity purposes, $3.0 billion of which matured on the first business day of 2019 and $1.2
66
billion matured on february 1, 2019. also included in short-term borrowings were unsecured federal funds borrowings, which generally mature on the next business day, that averaged $206 million, $132 million and $151 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. overnight federal funds borrowings totaled $137 million at december 31, 2018 and $125 million at december 31, 2017.
long-term borrowings averaged $8.8 billion in 2018, $8.3 billion in 2017 and $10.3 billion in 2016. unsecured senior notes totaled $5.5 billion and $5.0 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. average balances of outstanding senior notes were $5.9 billion in 2018, compared with $4.8 billion and $5.3 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  during january 2018, m&t bank issued $650 million of 2.625% fixed rate and $350 million of variable rate senior notes that pay interest quarterly and are indexed to the three-month libor. those fixed and variable rate notes mature in 2021. on december 31, 2018, m&t bank redeemed $750 million of fixed rate senior notes that were due to mature on january 31, 2019.  in addition, in july 2018 m&t issued $750 million of senior notes that mature in july 2023, of which $500 million have a 3.55% fixed interest rate and $250 million have a variable rate paid quarterly at rates that are indexed to the three-month libor. also included in average long-term borrowings were amounts borrowed from the federal home loan banks of new york and pittsburgh of $577 million in 2018, compared with $820 million and $1.2 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and subordinated capital notes of $1.5 billion in 2018 and 2016, compared with $1.7 billion in 2017. during 2017, m&t bank issued $500 million of fixed rate subordinated capital notes that mature in 2027.  junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities that were included in average long-term borrowings were $521 million in 2018, $518 million in 2017 and $515 million in 2016. also included in long-term borrowings were agreements to repurchase securities, which averaged $415 million in 2018, $490 million in 2017 and $1.8 billion during 2016. the repurchase agreements at december 31, 2018 totaled $409 million and have various repurchase dates through 2020, however, the contractual maturities of the underlying securities extend beyond such repurchase dates. additional information regarding long-term borrowings, including information regarding contractual maturities of such borrowings, is provided in note 8 of notes to financial statements.
the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain components of its loans and long-term debt. as of december 31, 2018, interest rate swap agreements were used as fair value hedges of approximately $4.4 billion of outstanding fixed rate long-term borrowings. additionally, interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount of $2.9 billion were used as cash flow hedges of interest payments associated with variable rate commercial real estate loans. further information on interest rate swap agreements is provided herein and in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
changes in the composition of the company's earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as discussed herein, as well as changes in interest rates and spreads, can impact net interest income. net interest spread, or the difference between the taxable-equivalent yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, was 3.55% in 2018, compared with 3.27% in 2017 and 2.93% in 2016. the yield on the company's earning assets increased 51 basis points (hundredths of one percent) to 4.33% in 2018 from 3.82% in 2017 and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased 23 basis points to .78% in 2018 from .55% in 2017. during 2016, the yield on earning assets was 3.49% and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was .56%. the widening of the net interest spread in each comparison predominantly reflects the effect of increases in short-term interest rates initiated by the federal reserve during late 2016, 2017 and 2018 that contributed most significantly to higher yields on loans and leases.
net interest-free funds consist largely of noninterest-bearing demand deposits and shareholders' equity, partially offset by bank owned life insurance and non-earning assets, including goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets. net interest-free funds averaged $39.1 billion in 2018, compared with $39.7 billion in 2017 and $36.8 billion in 2016. the decrease in average net interest-
67
free funds in 2018 from 2017 and the increase in such funds in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected changes in balances of noninterest-bearing deposits. those deposits averaged $31.9 billion in 2018, $32.5 billion in 2017 and $30.2 billion in 2016. the decline in such balances from 2017 to 2018 was due to lower levels of deposits of commercial and trust customers. the growth in average noninterest-bearing deposits in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected higher levels of deposits of trust customers. shareholders' equity averaged $15.6 billion, $16.3 billion and $16.4 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decline in shareholders' equity from 2017 to 2018 was predominantly due to repurchases of m&t common stock.  goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets averaged $4.7 billion in each of 2018, 2017 and 2016. the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance averaged $1.8 billion in each of 2018 and 2017, compared with $1.7 billion in 2016. increases in the cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance are not included in interest income, but rather are recorded in "other revenues from operations." the contribution of net interest-free funds to net interest margin was .28% in 2018, .20% in 2017 and .18% in 2016. the increase in 2018 reflects the higher rates on interest-bearing liabilities used to value net interest-free funds.
reflecting the changes to the net interest spread and the contribution of net interest-free funds as described herein, the company's net interest margin was 3.83% in 2018, 3.47% in 2017 and 3.11% in 2016. future changes in market interest rates or spreads, as well as changes in the composition of the company's portfolios of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that result in reductions in spreads, could adversely impact the company's net interest income and net interest margin.
management assesses the potential impact of future changes in interest rates and spreads by projecting net interest income under several interest rate scenarios. in managing interest rate risk, the company has utilized interest rate swap agreements to modify the repricing characteristics of certain portions of its earnings assets and interest-bearing liabilities. periodic settlement amounts arising from these agreements are reflected in either the yields on earning assets or the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. the notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes was $7.3 billion (excluding $12.6 billion of forward-starting swap agreements) at december 31, 2018, $7.4 billion (excluding $2.0 billion of forward-starting swap agreements) at december 31, 2017 and $900 million at december 31, 2016. under the terms of those interest rate swap agreements, the company received payments based on the outstanding notional amount at fixed rates and made payments at variable rates. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts of $2.85 billion were serving as cash flow hedges of interest payments associated with variable rate commercial real estate loans. there were no interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges at december 31, 2016.  at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, interest swap agreements with notional amounts of $4.45 billion, $4.55 billion and $900 million, respectively, were serving as fair value hedges of fixed rate long-term borrowings.
68
in a fair value hedge, the fair value of the derivative (the interest rate swap agreement) and changes in the fair value of the hedged item are recorded in the company's consolidated balance sheet with the corresponding gain or loss recognized in current earnings. the difference between changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items represents hedge ineffectiveness and coincident with the company's adoption of amended hedge accounting guidance on january 1, 2018 is recorded as an adjustment to the interest income or interest expense of the respective hedged item. prior to 2018, hedge ineffectiveness was recorded in "other revenues from operations" in the company's consolidated statement of income. in a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. the ineffective portion of the derivative's gain or loss on cash flow hedges is accounted for similar to that associated with fair value hedges. the amounts of hedge ineffectiveness recognized in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were not material to the company's consolidated results of operations. information regarding the fair value of interest rate swap agreements and hedge ineffectiveness is presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements.  information regarding the effective portion of cash flow hedges is presented in note 15 of notes to financial statements.  the changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap agreements and the hedged items primarily result from the effects of changing interest rates and spreads. the average notional amounts of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes, the related effect on net interest income and margin, and the weighted-average interest rates paid or received on those swap agreements are presented in table 9.
table 9
interest rate swap agreements year ended december 31

.                             2018                                             2017                                               2016
amount                   rate(a)                           amount           rate(a)                 amount                   rate(a)
(dollars in thousands)
increase (decrease) in:
interest income                  $(13,339         )             (.01   )   %                $3,916                 -          %      $-                             -          %
interest expense                         11,418           .02                              (20,966   )             (.03   )                  (36,866   )            (.05   )
net interest income/margin       $(24,757         )             (.03   )   %               $24,882           .02              %      $36,866                  .04              %
average notional amount (c)      $7,795,479                                             $4,766,575                                   $1,357,650
rate received (b)                                         2.09             %                                 2.30             %                               4.39             %
rate paid (b)                                             2.41             %                                 1.79             %                               1.64             %
(a)   computed as a percentage of average earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities.

(b)   weighted-average rate paid or received on interest rate swap agreements in effect during year.

(c)   excludes forward-starting interest rate swap agreements not in effect during the year.

in addition to interest rate swap agreements, the company has entered into interest rate floor agreements that are not accounted for as hedging instruments but, nevertheless, provide the company with protection against the possibility of future declines in interest rates on its earning assets. at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, outstanding notional amounts of such agreements totaled $15.6 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively. there were no similar agreements at december 31, 2016. the fair value of those interest rate floor agreements was $1.9 million at december 31, 2018 and $3.7 million at december 31, 2017 and was included in trading account assets in the
69
consolidated balance sheet. changes in the fair value of those agreements are recorded as "trading account and foreign exchange gains" in the consolidated statement of income.
provision for credit losses the company maintains an allowance for credit losses that in management's judgment appropriately reflects losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. a provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. the provision for credit losses was $132 million in 2018, compared with $168 million in 2017 and $190 million in 2016. net charge-offs of loans were $130 million in 2018, $140 million in 2017 and $157 million in 2016. net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding were .15% in 2018, compared with .16% in 2017 and .18% in 2016. a summary of the company's loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses is presented in table 10 and in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
table 10
loan charge-offs, provision and allowance for credit losses
2018                      2017                     2016                     2015                     2014

(dollars in thousands)
allowance for credit losses beginning            $1,017,198                  $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562                 $916,676
balance charge-offs during year commercial, financial,                               60,414                    64,941                   59,244                   60,983                   58,943
leasing, etc.
real estate - construction                              262                       267                      137                    3,221                    1,882
real estate - mortgage                               27,369                    28,463                   30,801                   26,382                   33,527
consumer                                            143,196                   130,927                  141,073                  107,787                   84,390
total charge-offs                                   231,241                   224,598                  231,255                  198,373                  178,742
recoveries during year commercial, financial,                               27,903                    21,196                   30,167                   30,284                   22,188
leasing, etc.
real estate - construction                           19,379                     8,894                    4,062                    6,308                    4,725
real estate - mortgage                                8,322                    12,671                   11,124                    7,626                   14,640
consumer                                             45,883                    42,038                   28,907                   20,585                   16,075
total recoveries                                    101,487                    84,799                   74,260                   64,803                   57,628
net charge-offs                                     129,754                   139,799                  156,995                  133,570                  121,114
provision for credit losses                         132,000                   168,000                  190,000                  170,000                  124,000
allowance for credit losses ending               $1,019,444                $1,017,198                 $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562
balance net charge-offs as a percent of:
provision for credit losses                           98.30   %                 83.21   %                82.63   %                78.57   %                97.67   %
average loans and leases, net of                        .15   %                   .16   %                  .18   %                  .19   %                  .19   %
unearned discount allowance for credit losses as a                       1.15   %                  1.16   %                 1.09   %                 1.09   %                 1.38   %
percent of loans and leases, net of unearned discount, at year-end loans acquired in connection with acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 were recorded at fair value with no carry-over of any previously recorded allowance for credit losses. determining the fair value of the acquired loans required estimating cash flows expected to be collected on the loans
70
and discounting those cash flows at then-current interest rates. for acquired loans where fair value was less than outstanding principal as of the acquisition date and the resulting discount was due, at least in part, to credit deterioration, the excess of expected cash flows over the carrying value of the loans is recognized as interest income over the lives of loans. the difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected is referred to as the nonaccretable balance and is not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. the nonaccretable balance reflects estimated future credit losses and other contractually required payments that the company does not expect to collect. the company regularly evaluates the reasonableness of its cash flow projections associated with such loans, including its estimates of lifetime principal losses. any decreases to the expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of loan balances. any significant increases in expected cash flows result in additional interest income to be recognized over the then-remaining lives of the loans. the carrying amount of loans acquired at a discount subsequent to 2008 and accounted for based on expected cash flows was $727 million and $1.0 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the nonaccretable balance related to remaining principal losses associated with loans acquired at a discount as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 is presented in table 11.
during each of the last three years, based largely on improving economic conditions and borrower repayment performance, the company's estimates of cash flows expected to be generated by loans acquired at a discount and accounted for based on expected cash flows improved, resulting in increases in the accretable yield. in 2018, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $55 million, or approximately 4%. that improvement reflected higher estimated principal, interest and other recoveries, largely associated with commercial real estate loans. in 2017, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $66 million, or approximately 3%. that improvement reflected higher estimated principal, interest and other recoveries largely associated with purchased-impaired residential real estate loans. in 2016, estimated cash flows expected to be generated by acquired loans increased by $50 million, or approximately 2%. that improvement reflected a lowering of estimated principal losses by approximately $33 million, primarily due to a $19 million decrease in expected principal losses in the commercial real estate loan portfolios, as well as interest and other recoveries.
table 11
nonaccretable balance - principal remaining balance

december 31, 2018               december 31, 2017
(in thousands)
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.   $3,106                                        3,586
commercial real estate                               7,545                          28,783
residential real estate                             25,817                          33,880
consumer                                             6,099                           7,482
total                                  $42,567                                      73,731
71
for acquired loans where the fair value exceeded the outstanding principal balance, the resulting premium is recognized as a reduction of interest income over the lives of the loans. immediately following the acquisition date and thereafter, an allowance for credit losses is recorded for incurred losses inherent in the portfolio, consistent with the accounting for originated loans and leases. the carrying amount of hudson city loans acquired in 2015 at a premium totaled $9.3 billion and $11.5 billion at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. gaap does not allow the credit loss component of the net premium associated with those loans to be bifurcated and accounted for as a nonaccreting balance as is the case with purchased impaired loans and other loans acquired at a discount. rather, subsequent to the acquisition date, incurred losses associated with those loans are evaluated using methods consistent with those applied to originated loans and such losses are considered by management in evaluating the company's allowance for credit losses.
nonaccrual loans aggregated $894 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $883 million and $920 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding, nonaccrual loans represented 1.01% at the end of each of 2018 and 2016 and 1.00% at december 31, 2017. the lower level of nonaccrual loans at december 31, 2017 as compared with december 31, 2016 reflects the effects of borrower repayment performance and charge-offs.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more (excluding loans acquired at a discount) were $223 million or .25% of total loans and leases at december 31, 2018, compared with $244 million or .28% at december 31, 2017 and $301 million or .33% at december 31, 2016. those amounts included loans guaranteed by government-related entities of $192 million, $235 million and $283 million at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. guaranteed loans included one-to-four family residential mortgage loans serviced by the company that were repurchased to reduce associated servicing costs, including a requirement to advance principal and interest payments that had not been received from individual mortgagors. despite the loans being purchased by the company, the insurance or guarantee by the applicable government-related entity remains in force. the outstanding principal balances of the repurchased loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities totaled $165 million at december 31, 2018, $207 million at december 31, 2017 and $224 million at december 31, 2016. the remaining accruing loans past due 90 days or more not guaranteed by government-related entities were loans considered to be with creditworthy borrowers that were in the process of collection or renewal. a summary of nonperforming assets and certain past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data and credit quality ratios is presented in table 12.
72
table 12
nonperforming asset and past due, renegotiated and impaired loan data
2018                    2017                    2016                     2015                    2014

december 31                                                                                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
nonaccrual loans                                                   $893,608                882,598                  920,015                  799,409                799,151
real estate and other foreclosed assets                              78,375                111,910                  139,206                  195,085                 63,635
total nonperforming assets                                         $971,983                994,508                1,059,221                  994,494                862,786
accruing loans past due 90 days or more(a)                         $222,527                244,405                  300,659                  317,441                245,020
government guaranteed loans included in totals above:
nonaccrual loans                                                    $34,667                 35,677                   40,610                   47,052                 69,095
accruing loans past due 90 days or more                             192,443                235,489                  282,659                  276,285                217,822
renegotiated loans                                                 $245,367                221,513                  190,374                  182,865                202,633
acquired accruing loans past due 90 days or more(b)                 $39,750                 47,418                   61,144                   68,473                110,367
purchased impaired loans(c):
outstanding customer balance                                       $529,520                688,091                  927,446                1,204,004                369,080
carrying amount                                                     303,305                410,015                  578,032                  768,329                197,737
nonaccrual loans to total loans and leases, net of                     1.01   %               1.00   %                 1.01   %       .91              %               1.20   %
unearned discount nonperforming assets to total net loans and leases and                 1.10   %               1.13   %                 1.16   %       1.13             %               1.29   %
real estate and other foreclosed assets accruing loans past due 90 days or more(a) to total                     .25   %                .28   %                  .33   %       .36              %                .37   %
loans and leases, net of unearned discount
(a)   excludes loans acquired at a discount. predominantly residential real estate loans.

(b)   loans acquired at a discount that were recorded at fair value at acquisition date. this category does not include purchased impaired loans that are presented separately.

(c)   accruing loans acquired at a discount that were impaired at acquisition date and recorded at fair value.

purchased impaired loans are loans obtained in acquisition transactions subsequent to 2008 that as of the acquisition date were specifically identified as displaying signs of credit deterioration and for which the company did not expect to collect all contractually required principal and interest payments. those loans were impaired at the date of acquisition, were recorded at estimated fair value and were generally delinquent in payments, but, in accordance with gaap, the company continues to accrue interest income on such loans based on the estimated expected cash flows associated with the loans. the carrying amount of such loans aggregated $303 million at december 31, 2018, or .3% of total loans. of that amount, $285 million was associated with the acquisition of hudson city. purchased impaired loans totaled $410 million at december 31, 2017, of which $378 million was associated with the acquisition of hudson city.
the company modified the terms of select loans in an effort to assist borrowers. if the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty and a concession was granted, the company considered such modifications as troubled debt restructurings. loan modifications included such actions as the extension of loan maturity dates and the lowering of interest rates and monthly payments. the objective of the modifications was to increase loan repayments by customers and thereby reduce net charge-offs. in accordance with gaap, the modified loans are included in impaired loans for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses. information about modifications of loans that are considered troubled debt restructurings is included in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
73
residential real estate loans modified under specified loss mitigation programs prescribed by government guarantors have not been included in renegotiated loans because the loan guarantee remains in full force and, accordingly, the company has not granted a concession with respect to the ultimate collection of the original loan balance. such loans totaled $179 million and $189 million at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively.
charge-offs of commercial loans and leases, net of recoveries, aggregated $33 million in 2018, $44 million in 2017 and $29 million in 2016.  commercial loans and leases in nonaccrual status were $234 million at december 31, 2018, $241 million at december 31, 2017 and $261 million at december 31, 2016.
net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial real estate loans were $9 million during 2018, $5 million during 2017 and $2 million in 2016.  reflected in those amounts were a $13 million recovery during 2018 associated with a hotel property and net recoveries of $2 million in 2018, $9 million in 2017 and $4 million in 2016 of loans to residential real estate builders and developers. commercial real estate loans classified as nonaccrual aggregated $231 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $202 million at december 31, 2017 and $211 million at december 31, 2016.  nonaccrual commercial real estate loans included construction-related loans of $27 million, $17 million and $35 million at the end of 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
net charge-offs of residential real estate loans totaled $9 million in 2018, $12 million in 2017 and $18 million in 2016. residential real estate loans in nonaccrual status at december 31, 2018 were $318 million, compared with $332 million and $336 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  nonaccrual limited documentation first mortgage loans were $85 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $96 million and $107 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. limited documentation first mortgage loans represent loans secured by residential real estate that at origination typically included some form of limited borrower documentation requirements as compared with more traditional loans. the company discontinued its limited documentation loan program in 2008 and hudson city discontinued its program in 2014.  residential real estate loans past due 90 days or more and accruing interest (excluding loans acquired at a discount) totaled $190 million at december 31, 2018, $233 million at december 31, 2017 and $281 million at december 31, 2016. a substantial portion of such amounts related to guaranteed loans repurchased from government-related entities. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off residential real estate loans as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018 is presented in table 13.
74
table 13
selected residential real estate-related loan data year ended

december 31, 2018                                    december 31, 2018
nonaccrual                         net charge-offs (recoveries)
percent of percent of                                        average outstanding                                     outstanding                                        outstanding balances                balances                balances               balances                 balances
(dollars in thousands)
residential mortgages:
new york                                                    $4,998,325                 $75,342                    1.51   %             $3,663                 .07             %
pennsylvania                                                 1,245,243                  14,444                    1.16                    348                 .03
maryland                                                     1,064,581                  12,199                    1.15                   (309      )                  (.03    )
new jersey                                                   3,623,703                  61,638                    1.70                  2,685                 .07
other mid-atlantic (a)                                         944,464                   8,839                     .94                   (379      )                  (.04    )
other                                                        2,711,917                  60,463                    2.23                  3,723                 .13
total                                                      $14,588,233                $232,925                    1.60   %             $9,731                 .06             %
residential construction loans:
new york                                                       $14,145                    $109                     .77   %                 $-                         -       %
pennsylvania                                                     4,097                     295                    7.20                     49                 1.44
maryland                                                         5,111                       -                       -                      -                         -
new jersey                                                       5,798                       -                       -                      -                         -
other mid-atlantic (a)                                           8,989                       -                       -                      -                         -
other                                                            2,953                      23                     .78                    (41      )                  (.85    )
total                                                          $41,093                    $427                    1.04   %                 $8                 .03             %
limited documentation first mortgages:
new york                                                    $1,104,836                 $34,601                    3.13   %              $(779      )                  (.06    %)
pennsylvania                                                    52,347                   5,946                   11.36                    254                 .44
maryland                                                        30,410                   2,384                    7.84                    148                 .44
new jersey                                                     959,848                  24,484                    2.55                    507                 .05
other mid-atlantic (a)                                          12,066                     880                    7.29                   (261      )                  (1.01   )
other                                                          365,613                  16,390                    4.48                   (908      )                  (.24    )
total                                                       $2,525,120                 $84,685                    3.35   %            $(1,039      )                  (.04    %)
first lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
new york                                                    $1,203,136                 $15,418                    1.28   %             $1,636                 .13             %
pennsylvania                                                   731,294                   7,225                     .99                  1,751                 .23
maryland                                                       598,711                   7,664                    1.28                  1,748                 .28
new jersey                                                      64,678                     523                     .81                     (4      )                  (.01    )
other mid-atlantic (a)                                         204,084                   5,146                    2.52                    120                 .06
other                                                           26,989                     909                    3.37                    (33      )                  (.13    )
total                                                       $2,828,892                 $36,885                    1.30   %             $5,218                 .18             %
junior lien home equity loans and lines of credit:
new york                                                      $748,248                 $16,406                    2.19   %               $606                 .08             %
pennsylvania                                                   279,898                   2,916                    1.04                    174                 .06
maryland                                                       602,236                   8,735                    1.45                  1,037                 .16
new jersey                                                      98,780                   1,281                    1.30                     (3      )                  -
other mid-atlantic (a)                                         254,416                   2,720                    1.07                     66                 .02
other                                                           41,251                   1,915                    4.64                     (7      )                  (.02    )
total                                                       $2,024,829                 $33,973                    1.68   %             $1,873                 .09             %
limited documentation junior lien:
new york                                                          $616                      $-                       -   %                $40                 5.73            %
pennsylvania                                                       280                       -                       -                      4                 1.51
maryland                                                         1,265                      52                    4.11                     40                 3.09
new jersey                                                         385                     171                   44.42                      -                         -
other mid-atlantic (a)                                             599                       -                       -                      -                         -
other                                                            3,388                     211                    6.23                      -                         -
total                                                           $6,533                    $434                    6.64   %                $84                 1.21            %
(a)   includes delaware, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia.

75
net charge-offs of consumer loans during 2018 aggregated $97 million, compared with $89 million in 2017 and $112 million in 2016.  included in net charge-offs of consumer loans were: automobile loans of $33 million in 2018, $34 million in 2017 and $32 million in 2016; recreational finance loans of $17 million, $16 million and $24 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; and home equity loans and lines of credit secured by one-to-four family residential properties of $7 million in 2018, $11 million in 2017 and $17 million in 2016. nonaccrual consumer loans were $110 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $108 million and $112 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. included in nonaccrual consumer loans at the 2018, 2017 and 2016 year-ends were: automobile loans of $23 million, $24 million and $19 million, respectively; recreational finance loans of $11 million, $6 million and $7 million, respectively; and outstanding balances of home equity loans and lines of credit of $71 million, $75 million and $82 million, respectively. information about the location of nonaccrual and charged-off home equity loans and lines of credit as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018 is presented in table 13. information about past due and nonaccrual loans as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 is also included in note 3 of notes to financial statements.
real estate and other foreclosed assets totaled $78 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $112 million at december 31, 2017 and $139 million at december 31, 2016. net gains or losses associated with real estate and other foreclosed assets were not material in 2018, 2017 or 2016. at december 31, 2018, the company's holding of residential real estate-related properties comprised approximately 99% of foreclosed assets.
management determined the allowance for credit losses by performing ongoing evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the economic environment in which borrowers operate, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or indemnifications. management evaluated the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet repayment obligations when quantifying the company's exposure to credit losses and the allowance for such losses as of each reporting date. factors also considered by management when performing its assessment, in addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, included, but were not limited to: (i) the impact of real estate values on the company's portfolio of loans secured by commercial and residential real estate; (ii) the concentrations of commercial real estate loans in the company's loan portfolio; (iii) the amount of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in areas of new york state outside of the new york city metropolitan area and in central pennsylvania that have historically experienced less economic growth and vitality than the vast majority of other regions of the country; (iv) the expected repayment performance associated with the company's first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (v) the size of the company's portfolio of loans to individual consumers, which historically have experienced higher net charge-offs as a percentage of loans outstanding than other loan types. the level of the allowance is adjusted based on the results of management's analysis.
management cautiously and conservatively evaluated the allowance for credit losses as of december 31, 2018 in light of: (i) residential real estate values and the level of delinquencies of loans secured by residential real estate; (ii) economic conditions in the markets served by the company; (iii) slower growth in private sector employment in upstate new york and central pennsylvania than in other regions served by the company and nationally; (iv) the significant subjectivity involved in commercial real estate valuations; and (v) the amount of loan growth experienced by the company. while there has been general improvement in economic conditions, concerns continue to exist about the strength and sustainability of such improvements; the volatile nature of global commodity and export markets, including the impact international economic conditions could have on the u.s. economy; federal reserve positioning of monetary policy; and continued stagnant population growth
76
in the upstate new york and central pennsylvania regions (approximately 53% of the company's loans and leases are to customers in new york state and pennsylvania).
as described in note 4 of notes to financial statements, the company utilizes a loan grading system to differentiate risk amongst its commercial loans and commercial real estate loans. loans with a lower expectation of default are assigned one of ten possible "pass" loan grades and are generally ascribed lower loss factors when determining the allowance for credit losses. loans with an elevated level of credit risk are classified as "criticized" and are ascribed a higher loss factor when determining the allowance for credit losses. criticized loans may be classified as "nonaccrual" if the company no longer expects to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more. criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans totaled $2.7 billion at december 31, 2018, compared with $2.5 billion at december 31, 2017.  the increase reflects loans to three customers, each operating in different industries and geographic regions, that were added to criticized loans in the fourth quarter of 2018.  given payment performance, amount of supporting collateral, and, in certain instances, the existence of loan guarantees, the company still expects to collect the full outstanding principal balance on most criticized loans.
loan officers in different geographic locations with the support of the company's credit department personnel continuously review and reassign loan grades based on their detailed knowledge of individual borrowers and their judgment of the impact on such borrowers resulting from changing conditions in their respective regions. at least annually, updated financial information is obtained from commercial borrowers associated with pass grade loans and additional analysis is performed. on a quarterly basis, the company's centralized credit department reviews all criticized commercial loans and commercial real estate loans greater than $1 million to determine the appropriateness of the assigned loan grade, including whether the loan should be reported as accruing or nonaccruing. for criticized nonaccrual loans, additional meetings are held with loan officers and their managers, workout specialists and senior management to discuss each of the relationships. in analyzing criticized loans, borrower-specific information is reviewed, including operating results, future cash flows, recent developments and the borrower's outlook, and other pertinent data. the timing and extent of potential losses, considering collateral valuation and other factors, and the company's potential courses of action are contemplated. to the extent that these loans are collateral-dependent, they are evaluated based on the fair value of the loan's collateral as estimated at or near the financial statement date. as the quality of a loan deteriorates to the point of classifying the loan as "criticized," the process of obtaining updated collateral valuation information is usually initiated, unless it is not considered warranted given factors such as the relative size of the loan, the characteristics of the collateral or the age of the last valuation. in those cases where current appraisals may not yet be available, prior appraisals are utilized with adjustments, as deemed necessary, for estimates of subsequent declines in value as determined by line of business and/or loan workout personnel in the respective geographic regions. those adjustments are reviewed and assessed for reasonableness by the company's credit department. accordingly, for real estate collateral securing larger commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, estimated collateral values are based on current appraisals and estimates of value. for non-real estate loans, collateral is assigned a discounted estimated liquidation value and, depending on the nature of the collateral, is verified through field exams or other procedures. in assessing collateral, real estate and non-real estate values are reduced by an estimate of selling costs.
with regard to residential real estate loans, the company's loss identification and estimation techniques make reference to loan performance and house price data in specific areas of the country where collateral securing the company's residential real estate loans is located. for residential real estate-related loans, including home equity loans and lines of credit, the excess of the loan balance over the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is charged-off when the loan
77
becomes 150 days delinquent. that charge-off is based on recent indications of value from external parties that are generally obtained shortly after a loan becomes nonaccrual. loans to consumers that file for bankruptcy are generally charged off to estimated net collateral value shortly after the company is notified of such filings.  at december 31, 2018, approximately 58% of the company's home equity portfolio consisted of first lien loans and lines of credit. of the remaining junior lien loans in the portfolio, approximately 68% (or approximately 28% of the aggregate home equity portfolio) consisted of junior lien loans that were behind a first lien mortgage loan that was not owned or serviced by the company. to the extent known by the company, if a senior lien loan would be on nonaccrual status because of payment delinquency, even if such senior lien loan was not owned by the company, the junior lien loan or line that is owned by the company is placed on nonaccrual status. the balance of junior lien loans and lines that were in nonaccrual status solely as a result of first lien loan performance was $10 million at each of december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017. in monitoring the credit quality of its home equity portfolio for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses, the company reviews delinquency and nonaccrual information and considers recent charge-off experience. when evaluating individual home equity loans and lines of credit for charge off and for purposes of estimating incurred losses in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company gives consideration to the required repayment of any first lien positions related to collateral property. home equity line of credit terms vary but such lines are generally originated with an open draw period of ten years followed by an amortization period of up to twenty years. at december 31, 2018, approximately 82% of all outstanding balances of home equity lines of credit related to lines that were still in the draw period, the weighted-average remaining draw periods were approximately five years, and approximately 27% were making contractually allowed payments that do not include any repayment of principal.
factors that influence the company's credit loss experience include overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally, but also residential and commercial real estate valuations, in particular, given the size of the company's real estate loan portfolios. commercial real estate valuations can be highly subjective, as they are based upon many assumptions. such valuations can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions, interest rates and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. similarly, residential real estate valuations can be impacted by housing trends, the availability of financing at reasonable interest rates, and general economic conditions affecting consumers.
in determining the allowance for credit losses, the company estimates losses attributable to specific troubled credits identified through both normal and targeted credit review processes and also estimates losses inherent in other loans and leases. in quantifying incurred losses, the company considers the factors and uses the techniques described herein and in note 4 of notes to financial statements. for purposes of determining the level of the allowance for credit losses, the company segments its loan and lease portfolio by loan type. the amount of specific loss components in the company's loan and lease portfolios is determined through a loan-by-loan analysis of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans in nonaccrual status. measurement of the specific loss components is typically based on expected future cash flows, collateral values or other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay. losses associated with residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors including near-term forecasted loss estimates developed by the company's credit department. these forecasts give consideration to overall borrower repayment performance and current geographic region changes in collateral values using third party published historical price indices or automated valuation methodologies. with regard to collateral values, the realizability of such values by the company contemplates repayment of any first lien position prior to recovering amounts on a junior lien position. approximately 42% of the company's
78
home equity portfolio consists of junior lien loans and lines of credit. except for consumer loans and residential real estate loans that are considered smaller balance homogeneous loans and are evaluated collectively and loans obtained at a discount in acquisition transactions, the company considers a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the company will be unable to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or the loan is delinquent 90 days or more and has been placed in nonaccrual status. those impaired loans are evaluated for specific loss components. modified loans, including smaller balance homogenous loans, that are considered to be troubled debt restructurings are evaluated for impairment giving consideration to the impact of the modified loan terms on the present value of the loan's expected cash flows. loans less than 90 days delinquent are deemed to have a minimal delay in payment and are generally not considered to be impaired. for loans acquired at a discount, the impact of estimated future credit losses represents the predominant difference between contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected. subsequent decreases to those expected cash flows require the company to evaluate the need for an additional allowance for credit losses and could lead to charge-offs of acquired loan balances. additional information regarding the company's process for determining the allowance for credit losses is included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
the inherent base level loss components of the company's allowance for credit losses are generally determined by applying loss factors to specific loan balances based on loan type and management's classification of commercial loans and commercial real estate loans under the company's loan grading system. as previously described, loan officers are responsible for continually assigning grades to these loans based on standards outlined in the company's credit policy. internal loan grades are also extensively monitored by the company's credit department to ensure consistency and strict adherence to the prescribed standards. loan balances utilized in the inherent base level loss component computations exclude loans and leases for which specific allocations are maintained. loan grades are assigned loss component factors that reflect the company's loss estimate for each group of loans and leases. factors considered in assigning loan grades and loss component factors include borrower-specific information related to expected future cash flows and operating results, collateral values, financial condition, payment status, and other information; levels of and trends in portfolio charge-offs and recoveries; levels of and trends in portfolio delinquencies and impaired loans; changes in the risk profile of specific portfolios; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of changes in credit concentrations; and observed trends and practices in the banking industry. in determining the allowance for credit losses, management also gives consideration to such factors as customer, industry and geographic concentrations, as well as national and local economic conditions, including: (i) the comparatively poorer economic conditions and unfavorable business climate in many market regions served by the company, including upstate new york and central pennsylvania, that result in such regions generally experiencing significantly lesser economic growth and vitality as compared with much of the rest of the country; (ii) portfolio concentrations regarding loan type, collateral type and geographic location, in particular the large concentrations of commercial real estate loans secured by properties in the new york city area and other areas of new york state; and (iii) risk associated with the company's portfolio of consumer loans which generally have higher rates of loss than other types of collateralized loans.
the inherent base level loss components related to residential real estate loans and consumer loans are generally determined by applying loss factors to portfolio balances after consideration of payment performance and recent loss experience and trends, which are mainly driven by current collateral values in the market place as well as the amount of loan defaults. loss rates for loans secured by residential real estate, including home equity loans and lines of credit, are determined by reference to recent charge-off history and are evaluated (and adjusted if deemed appropriate) through consideration of other factors as previously described.
79
in evaluating collateral, the company relies on internally and externally prepared valuations. residential real estate valuations are usually based on sales of comparable properties in the respective location. commercial real estate valuations also refer to sales of comparable properties but oftentimes are based on calculations that utilize many assumptions and, as a result, can be highly subjective. specifically, commercial real estate values can be significantly affected over relatively short periods of time by changes in business climate, economic conditions and interest rates, and, in many cases, the results of operations of businesses and other occupants of the real property. additionally, management is aware that there is oftentimes a delay in the recognition of credit quality changes in loans and, as a result, in changes to assigned loan grades due to time delays in the manifestation and reporting of underlying events that impact credit quality. accordingly, loss estimates derived from the inherent base level loss component computation are adjusted for current national and local economic conditions and trends. the federal reserve stated in december 2018 that the u.s. labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising at a strong rate. job gains have been strong, on average, in recent months, and the unemployment rate has remained low.  household spending has continued to grow strongly, while growth of business fixed investment has moderated from its pace earlier in the year.  economic indicators in the most significant market regions served by the company also showed improvement in 2018. for example, in 2018, average private sector employment in areas served by the company was 1.4% above year-ago levels, but still trailed the 1.9% u.s. average growth rate. private sector employment increased 1.1% in upstate new york, 1.5% in areas of pennsylvania served by the company, 1.8% in new jersey, 1.2% in maryland, 2.1% in greater washington d.c. and 1.4% in delaware. in new york city, private sector employment increased by 1.9% in 2018.
the specific loss components and the inherent base level loss components together comprise the total base level or "allocated" allowance for credit losses. such allocated portion of the allowance represents management's assessment of losses existing in specific larger balance loans that are reviewed in detail by management and pools of other loans that are not individually analyzed. in addition, the company has always provided an inherent unallocated portion of the allowance that is intended to recognize probable losses that are not otherwise identifiable. the inherent unallocated allowance includes management's subjective determination of amounts necessary for such things as the possible use of imprecise estimates in determining the allocated portion of the allowance and other risks associated with the company's loan portfolio which may not be specifically allocable.
a comparative allocation of the allowance for credit losses for each of the past five year-ends is presented in table 14. amounts were allocated to specific loan categories based on information available to management at the time of each year-end assessment and using the methodology described herein. variations in the allocation of the allowance by loan category as a percentage of those loans reflect changes in management's estimate of specific loss components and inherent base level loss components, including the impact of delinquencies and nonaccrual loans. the unallocated portion of the allowance for credit losses was equal to .09% of gross loans outstanding at each of december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017. considering the inherent imprecision in the many estimates used in the determination of the allocated portion of the allowance, management deliberately remained cautious and conservative in establishing the overall allowance for credit losses. given the company's high concentration of real estate loans and considering the other factors already discussed herein, management considers the allocated and unallocated portions of the allowance for credit losses to be prudent and reasonable. furthermore, the company's allowance is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any loan or lease category. additional information about the allowance for credit losses is included in note 4 of notes to financial statements.
80
table 14
allocation of the allowance for credit losses to loan categories december 31                        2018                      2017                     2016                     2015                     2014

(dollars in thousands)
commercial, financial, leasing, etc.              $330,055                  $328,599                 $330,833                 $300,404                 $288,038
real estate                                        410,780                   439,490                  423,846                  399,069                  369,837
consumer                                           200,564                   170,809                  156,288                  178,320                  186,033
unallocated                                         78,045                    78,300                   78,030                   78,199                   75,654
total                                           $1,019,444                $1,017,198                 $988,997                 $955,992                 $919,562
as a percentage of gross loans and leases outstanding commercial, financial, leasing, etc.                  1.43   %                  1.50   %                 1.45   %                 1.46   %                 1.47   %
real estate                                            .80                       .83                      .75                      .72                     1.02
consumer                                              1.44                      1.29                     1.29                     1.54                     1.70
management believes that the allowance for credit losses at december 31, 2018 appropriately reflected credit losses inherent in the portfolio as of that date. the allowance for credit losses totaled $1.02 billion at each of december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 and $989 million at december 31, 2016.  as a percentage of loans outstanding, the allowance was 1.15% and 1.16% at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and 1.09% at december 31, 2016.  the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio using the methodology and considering the factors as described herein. should the various credit factors considered by management in establishing the allowance for credit losses change and should management's assessment of losses inherent in the loan portfolio also change, the level of the allowance as a percentage of loans could increase or decrease in future periods. the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans at the end of 2018, 2017 and 2016 was 114%, 115% and 107%, respectively. given the company's general position as a secured lender and its practice of charging-off loan balances when collection is deemed doubtful, that ratio and changes in that ratio are generally not an indicative measure of the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses, nor does management rely upon that ratio in assessing the adequacy of the company's allowance for credit losses. the level of the allowance reflects management's evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio as of each respective date.
in establishing the allowance for credit losses, management follows the methodology described herein, including taking a conservative view of borrowers' abilities to repay loans. the establishment of the allowance is subjective and requires management to make many judgments about borrower, industry, regional and national economic health and performance. in order to present examples of the possible impact on the allowance from certain changes in credit quality factors, the company assumed the following scenarios for possible deterioration of credit quality:
•   for consumer loans and leases considered smaller balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 50 basis point increase in loss factors;

•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, also considered small balance homogenous loans and evaluated collectively, a 15% increase in estimated inherent losses; and

•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to lower-ranked risk grades resulting in a 30% increase in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.

81
for possible improvement in credit quality factors, the scenarios assumed were:
•   for consumer loans and leases, a 20 basis point decrease in loss factors;

•   for residential real estate loans and home equity loans and lines of credit, a 10% decrease in estimated inherent losses; and

•   for commercial loans and commercial real estate loans, a migration of loans to higher-ranked risk grades resulting in a 5% decrease in the balance of classified credits in each risk grade.

the scenario analyses resulted in an additional $93 million that could be identifiable under the assumptions for credit deterioration, whereas under the assumptions for credit improvement a $32 million reduction could occur. these examples are only a few of numerous reasonably possible scenarios that could be utilized in assessing the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses based on changes in assumptions and other factors.
the company had no concentrations of credit extended to any specific industry that exceeded 10% of total loans at december 31, 2018, however residential real estate loans comprised approximately 19% of the loan portfolio. outstanding loans to foreign borrowers aggregated $172 million at december 31, 2018, or .2% of total loans and leases.
other income other income totaled $1.86 billion in 2018, compared with $1.85 billion and 1.83 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in other income from 2017 to 2018 was largely attributable to higher levels of trust income and income from blg that were tempered by lower brokerage services income and income from bank owned life insurance. in addition, valuation losses on equity securities were incurred during 2018, compared with gains on the sale of investment securities in 2017.  as compared with 2016, the rise in other income in 2017 was largely attributable to higher trust income, merchant discount and credit card fees, service charges on deposit accounts, and lower losses associated with m&t's share of the operating losses of blg. partially offsetting those improvements were a decline in mortgage banking revenues and lower gains on investment securities.
mortgage banking revenues aggregated $360 million in 2018, $364 million in 2017 and $374 million in 2016. mortgage banking revenues are comprised of both residential and commercial mortgage banking activities. the company's involvement in commercial mortgage banking activities includes the origination, sales and servicing of loans under the multifamily loan programs of fannie mae, freddie mac and the u.s. department of housing and urban development.
residential mortgage banking revenues, consisting of realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights, unrealized gains and losses on residential real estate loans held for sale and related commitments, residential real estate loan servicing fees, and other residential real estate loan-related fees and income, were $239 million in 2018, compared with $245 million in 2017 and $255 million in 2016. the lower residential mortgage banking revenues in each of the last two years as compared with the preceding year resulted from decreased gains from origination activities, reflecting declines in origination volumes and a narrowing of the associated margins.
new commitments to originate residential real estate loans to be sold declined 25% to approximately $2.2 billion in 2018 from $3.0 billion in 2017. such commitments totaled $3.1 billion in 2016. realized gains from sales of residential real estate loans and loan servicing rights and recognized net unrealized gains or losses attributable to residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to originate loans for sale and commitments to sell loans aggregated to gains of $44 million in 2018, $60 million in 2017 and $71 million in 2016.
loans held for sale that were secured by residential real estate aggregated $205 million and $356 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. commitments to sell residential real
82
estate loans and commitments to originate residential real estate loans for sale at pre-determined rates totaled $364 million and $245 million, respectively, at december 31, 2018, $595 million and $347 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017 and $777 million and $479 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016. net recognized unrealized gains on residential real estate loans held for sale, commitments to sell loans and commitments to originate loans for sale were $7 million at december 31, 2018, $10 million at december 31, 2017 and $15 million at december 31, 2016. changes in such net unrealized gains are recorded in mortgage banking revenues and resulted in net decreases in revenue of $3 million in 2018 and $5 million in 2017. the aggregate impact of changes in net unrealized gains was less than $1 million in 2016.
revenues from servicing residential real estate loans for others were $195 million in 2018, $185 million in 2017 and $183 million in 2016. residential real estate loans serviced for others aggregated $79.1 billion at december 31, 2018, $79.2 billion a year earlier and $53.2 billion at december 31, 2016. reflected in residential real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others of $56.8 billion, $56.6 billion and $30.4 billion at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. revenues earned for sub-servicing loans totaled $114 million in 2018, compared with $103 million in 2017 and $98 million in 2016. the company added $9 billion of residential real estate loans sub-serviced for others during 2018.  during 2017, the company added sub-servicing of residential real estate loans aggregating $35.6 billion of outstanding principal balances. on january 31, 2019, the company purchased servicing rights for residential real estate loans that had outstanding principal balances at that date of approximately $13.3 billion. the purchase price of such servicing rights was approximately $146 million, subject to certain final adjustments. transfer of the loans to the company's loan servicing system is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2019.  the contractual servicing rights associated with loans sub-serviced by the company were predominantly held by affiliates of blg. information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
capitalized servicing rights consist largely of servicing associated with loans sold by the company. capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets totaled $121 million at december 31, 2018, compared with $115 million and $117 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. additional information about the company's capitalized residential mortgage servicing assets, including information about the calculation of estimated fair value, is presented in note 6 of notes to financial statements.
commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $121 million in 2018, compared with $119 million in each of 2017 and 2016. included in such amounts were revenues from loan origination and sales activities of $64 million in 2018, $66 million in 2017 and $76 million in 2016.  the lower revenues in 2018 as compared with 2017 were due to narrower margins on loans originated for sale.  the decline from 2016 to 2017 reflected lower loan origination volumes.  commercial real estate loans originated for sale to other investors totaled approximately $2.4 billion in 2018, compared with $2.5 billion in 2017 and $2.9 billion in 2016. loan servicing revenues aggregated $57 million in 2018, $53 million in 2017 and $43 million in 2016. capitalized commercial mortgage servicing assets were $115 million at december 31, 2018, $114 million at december 31, 2017 and $104 million at december 31, 2016. commercial real estate loans serviced for other investors totaled $18.2 billion at december 31, 2018, $16.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and $11.8 billion at december 31, 2016, and included $3.4 billion at december 31, 2018, $3.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2016, of loan balances for which investors had recourse to the company if such balances are ultimately uncollectible. included in commercial real estate loans serviced for others were loans sub-serviced for others of $2.7 billion at december 31, 2018 and $2.6 billion at december 31, 2017. commitments to sell commercial real estate loans and commitments to originate commercial real estate loans for sale aggregated $577 million and $229 million, respectively, at december 31, 2018, $217 million and $195 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017 and $713
83
million and $70 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016. commercial real estate loans held for sale were $347 million, $22 million and $643 million at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the higher balances at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2016 reflect loans originated later in the year that had not yet been delivered to investors.
service charges on deposit accounts totaled $429 million in 2018, compared with $427 million in 2017 and $419 million in 2016. the increase in 2018 as compared with 2017 reflects higher consumer service charges while the increase in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflects higher consumer and commercial service charges of $5 million and $3 million, respectively.
trust income includes fees related to two significant businesses. the institutional client services ("ics") business provides a variety of trustee, agency, investment management and administrative services for corporations and institutions, investment bankers, corporate tax, finance and legal executives, and other institutional clients who: (i) use capital markets financing structures; (ii) use independent trustees to hold retirement plan and other assets; and (iii) need investment and cash management services. the wealth advisory services ("was") business helps high net worth clients grow their wealth, protect it, and transfer it to their heirs. a comprehensive array of wealth management services are offered, including asset management, fiduciary services and family office services. trust income aggregated $538 million in 2018, compared with $501 million in 2017 and $472 million in 2016. revenues associated with the ics business were $275 million in 2018, $254 million in 2017 and $230 million in 2016. the increase in ics revenue in 2018 as compared with 2017 was predominantly due to higher sales activities and increased retirement services income resulting in growth in collective fund balances.  the improved revenues associated with the ics business in 2017 compared with 2016 reflect increased fees earned from money-market funds and stronger sales activities. retirement services income also rose in 2017 as a result of higher revenues resulting from growth in collective funds balances. revenues attributable to was totaled $237 million, $222 million and $212 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the increased revenues in each of the last two years as compared with the preceding year reflect stronger sales activities and improved equity market performance. trust assets under management were $84.9 billion and $82.5 billion at december, 31 2018 and 2017, respectively.  trust assets under management include the company's proprietary mutual funds' assets of $10.8 billion at december 31, 2018 and $11.2 billion at december 31, 2017. additional trust income from investment management activities was $26 million, $25 million and $30 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and includes fees earned from retail customer investment accounts and from an affiliated investment manager. the decline in such revenues in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflects, in part, lower balances managed. assets managed by the affiliated manager totaled $4.2 billion and $6.7 billion at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. the company's trust income from that affiliate was not material during 2018, 2017 or 2016.
84
brokerage services income, which includes revenues from the sale of mutual funds and annuities and securities brokerage fees, declined to $51 million in 2018 from $61 million in 2017 and $63 million in 2016.  the decline in brokerage services income from 2017 to 2018 was predominantly due to lower income from sales of annuities and mutual funds. trading account and foreign exchange activity resulted in gains of $33 million in 2018, $35 million in 2017 and $41 million in 2016.  valuation losses on interest rate floor agreements in 2018 were largely offset by income associated with increased activity related to interest rate swap agreements executed on behalf of commercial customers.  the lower level of such gains in 2017 as compared with 2016 resulted largely from reduced activity related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers. the company enters into interest rate and foreign exchange contracts with customers who need such services and concomitantly enters into offsetting trading positions with third parties to minimize the risks involved with these types of transactions. information about the notional amount of interest rate, foreign exchange and other contracts entered into by the company for trading account purposes is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements and herein under the heading "liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity."
net losses on investment securities totaled $6 million in 2018 and represented unrealized losses on investments in equity securities.  the company realized net gains from sales of investment securities of $21 million in 2017 and $30 million in 2016. of the $21 million of net gains recognized during 2017, $18 million were associated with the sale of a portion of the company's fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock holdings.  the preferred stock sold had an amortized cost basis (after previous other-than-temporary impairment write-downs) of approximately $3 million. during 2016, the company sold all of its collateralized debt obligations that had been held in the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio and that had been obtained through the acquisition of other banks. in total, securities with an amortized cost of $28 million were sold. divestiture of the majority of those securities would have been required in accordance with the provisions of the volcker rule.
other revenues from operations aggregated $451 million in 2018, compared with $441 million in 2017 and $426 million in 2016. the increase in other revenues from operations in 2018 as compared with 2017 reflects income of $24 million from blg, partially offset by lower income earned from bank owned life insurance. the increase from 2016 to 2017 reflects lower losses from blg and higher merchant discount and credit card fees.
included in other revenues from operations were the following significant components. letter of credit and other credit-related fees totaled $125 million, $123 million and $120 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. revenues from merchant discount and credit card fees were $117 million in 2018, $120 million in 2017 and $111 million in 2016.  as discussed in note 10 of notes to financial statements, effective january 1, 2018 the company began reporting credit card interchange revenue net of rewards granted to consumers who use the company's credit cards. those rewards totaled $14 million in 2018.  if that change had not taken place, revenues from merchant discount and credit card fees would have aggregated $131 million in 2018, or 9% higher than in 2017 due to increased usage of the company's credit card products.  the higher revenues in 2017 as compared to 2016 were largely attributable to increased transaction volumes related to merchant activity and usage of the company's credit card products. tax-exempt income earned from bank owned life insurance, which includes increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies and benefits received, aggregated $48 million in 2018, compared with $58 million in 2017 and $54 million in 2016.  the decrease from 2017 to 2018 was due to lower death benefit proceeds. insurance-related sales commissions and other revenues totaled $47 million in 2018, compared with $43 million in each of 2017 and 2016. automated teller machine usage fees aggregated $14 million in each of 2018
85
and 2016, compared with $15 million in 2017. gains from sales of equipment previously leased to commercial customers were $7 million in 2018, $6 million in 2017 and $8 million in 2016.
m&t's investment in blg resulted in income of $24 million in 2018 and less than $1 million in 2017, compared with losses of $11 million in 2016.  during the second quarter of 2017, the operating losses of blg resulted in m&t reducing the carrying value of its investment in blg to zero. during that quarter and in 2018, m&t received cash distributions from blg that resulted in the recognition of income by m&t. m&t expects cash distributions from blg in the future, but the timing and amount of those distributions cannot be estimated. blg is entitled to receive distributions from affiliates that provide asset management and other services that are available for distribution to blg's owners, including m&t. the operating losses of blg in 2016 reflect provisions for losses associated with securitized loans and other loans held by blg and loan servicing and other administrative costs. information about the company's relationship with blg and its affiliates is included in note 24 of notes to financial statements.
other expense other expense aggregated $3.29 billion in 2018, compared to $3.14 billion in 2017 and $3.05 billion in 2016. included in those amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $25 million, $31 million and $43 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and merger-related expenses of $36 million in 2016. there were no merger-related expenses in 2017 or 2018. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses aggregated $3.26 billion in 2018, $3.11 billion in 2017 and $2.97 billion in 2016. the most significant factors contributing to the increase in such expenses from 2017 to 2018 were a $135 million increase to the reserve for legal matters in 2018's initial quarter (compared with a $64 million increase to that reserve in 2017) and higher salaries and employee benefits and professional services expenses.  those factors were partially offset by lower fdic assessments and charitable contributions. the rise in noninterest operating expenses in 2017 as compared with 2016 was largely attributable to higher legal-related and professional services expenses, increased salaries and employee benefit costs, and higher charitable contributions.
salaries and employee benefits expense aggregated $1.75 billion in 2018, compared with $1.65 billion and $1.62 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the higher level of expenses in 2018 reflects increased head count, the impact of merit and other increases for employees and higher incentive and stock-based compensation. the higher level of expenses in 2017 as compared to 2016 reflects the impact of annual merit increases and higher incentive-based compensation costs. stock-based compensation totaled $66 million in 2018, compared with $61 million in 2017 and $65 million in 2016. the number of full-time equivalent employees were 16,938 and 16,456 at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, compared with 16,593 at december 31, 2016.
the company provides pension and other postretirement benefits (including a retirement savings plan) for its employees. expenses related to such benefits totaled $85 million in 2018, $92 million in 2017 and $94 million in 2016. the amounts recorded in salaries and employee benefits expense and other costs of operations, respectively, from the preceding sentence were as follows:  $92 million and ($7) million in 2018; $90 million and $2 million in 2017; $88 million and $6 million in 2016.  the company sponsors both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans.  pension benefit expense for those plans was $45 million in 2018, $51 million in 2017 and $52 million in 2016. included in those amounts were $29 million in 2018, $30 million in 2017 and $25 million in 2016 for a defined contribution pension plan that the company began on january 1, 2006. the company made $200 million of voluntary contributions to the qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2017.  no contributions were required or made in 2018 or 2016. information about the company's pension plans, including significant assumptions utilized in completing actuarial calculations for the plans, is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
86
the company also provides a retirement savings plan ("rsp") that is a defined contribution plan in which eligible employees of the company may defer up to 50% of qualified compensation via contributions to the plan. the company makes an employer matching contribution in an amount equal to 75% of an employee's contribution, up to 4.5% of the employee's qualified compensation. rsp expense totaled $43 million in 2018, $38 million in 2017 and $37 million in 2016.
excluding the nonoperating expense items already noted, nonpersonnel operating expenses were $1.51 billion in 2018, $1.46 billion in 2017 and $1.35 billion in 2016. the rise in such expenses in 2018 as compared with 2017 was predominantly the result of higher legal-related and professional services costs, partially offset by lower fdic assessments and charitable contributions.  the decline in fdic assessments from 2017 to 2018 was due, in part, to the elimination of the large bank surcharge, effective october 1, 2018.  the deposit insurance fund reserve ratio exceeded the statutorily required minimum reserve ratio of 1.35% on september 30, 2018, resulting in the elimination of the surcharge.  the increased operating expenses in 2017 as compared with 2016 were predominantly the result of higher legal-related and professional services costs and charitable contributions.  as noted previously, during 2018 and 2017 wt corp. reached agreements related to alleged conduct of that subsidiary prior to its acquisition by m&t that led to the company adding $135 million and $50 million to its reserve for legal matters during 2018 and 2017, respectively.  the company made contributions to the m&t charitable foundation of $29 million, $50 million and $30 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
income taxes the provision for income taxes was $590 million in 2018, $916 million in 2017 and $743 million in 2016. the effective tax rates were 23.5% in 2018, 39.4% in 2017 and 36.1% in 2016. the decrease in the effective rate in 2018 from the prior years primarily reflects the impact of the enactment of the tax act that was signed into law on december 22, 2017, reducing the corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018 and making other changes to u.s. corporate income tax laws.  if not for those changes, the company estimates that its effective tax rate for 2018 would have been 35.7%.  in december 2018, m&t received approval from the internal revenue service to change its tax return treatment for certain loan fees retroactive to 2017, resulting in a $15 million reduction of income tax expense in the final quarter of 2018.  the company also adopted new accounting guidance for share-based transactions during the first quarter of 2017.  that guidance requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with share-based compensation be recognized as a discrete component of income tax expense in the income statement.  previously, tax effects resulting from changes in m&t's share price subsequent to the grant date were recorded through shareholders' equity at the time of vesting or exercise.  as a result, the company recognized a reduction of income tax expense of $9 million and $22 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively.  furthermore, gaap requires that the impact of the provisions of the tax act be accounted for in the period of enactment.  accordingly, the estimated incremental income tax expense recorded by the company in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the tax act was $85 million.  that additional expense was largely attributable to the reduction in carrying value of net deferred tax assets reflecting lower future tax benefits resulting from the lower corporate tax rate.  lastly, the 2017 settlement between wt corp. and the u.s. attorney's office for the district of delaware resulted in a $44 million payment by wt corp. that was not deductible for income tax purposes, contributing to a higher effective tax rate in 2017. if not for the impact of the tax act, the change in accounting for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation, and the non-deductible nature of the payment referred to above, the company's effective tax rate in 2017 would have been 36.0%.
87
the effective tax rate is affected by the level of income earned that is exempt from tax relative to the overall level of pre-tax income, the level of income allocated to the various state and local jurisdictions where the company operates, because tax rates differ among such jurisdictions, and the impact of any large discrete or infrequently occurring items. the company's effective tax rate in future periods will also be affected by any change in income tax laws or regulations and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the company's interpretations by any of various tax authorities that may examine tax returns filed by m&t or any of its subsidiaries. information about amounts accrued for uncertain tax positions and a reconciliation of income tax expense to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pre-tax income is provided in note 13 of notes to financial statements.
international activities assets and revenues associated with international activities represent less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and revenues. international assets included $172 million and $159 million of loans to foreign borrowers at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. deposits in the company's office in the cayman islands aggregated $812 million at december 31, 2018 and $178 million at december 31, 2017. the company uses such deposits to facilitate customer demand which increased in 2018 largely due to the higher interest rate environment.  loans at m&t bank's commercial banking office in ontario, canada included in international assets as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 totaled $122 million and $114 million, respectively. deposits at that office were $22 million at december 31, 2018 and $45 million at december 31, 2017. the company also offers trust-related services in europe. revenues from providing such services during 2018, 2017 and 2016 were approximately $29 million, $24 million and $25 million, respectively.liquidity, market risk, and interest rate sensitivity as a financial intermediary, the company is exposed to various risks, including liquidity and market risk. liquidity refers to the company's ability to ensure that sufficient cash flow and liquid assets are available to satisfy current and future obligations, including demands for loans and deposit withdrawals, funding operating costs, and other corporate purposes. liquidity risk arises whenever the maturities of financial instruments included in assets and liabilities differ.
the most significant source of funding for the company is core deposits, which are generated from a large base of consumer, corporate and institutional customers. that customer base has, over the past several years, become more geographically diverse as a result of acquisitions and expansion of the company's businesses. nevertheless, the company faces competition in offering products and services from a large array of financial market participants, including banks, thrifts, mutual funds, securities dealers and others. core deposits financed 78% of the company's earning assets at december 31, 2018, compared with 84% at december 31, 2017 and 83% at december 31, 2016.
the company supplements funding provided through core deposits with various short-term and long-term wholesale borrowings, including overnight federal funds purchased, short-term advances from the fhlb of new york, brokered deposits, cayman islands office deposits and longer-term borrowings. at december 31, 2018, m&t bank had short-term and long-term credit facilities with the fhlbs aggregating $18.8 billion. outstanding borrowings under fhlb credit facilities totaled $4.8 billion and $577 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. such borrowings were secured by loans and investment securities. as previously noted, in december 2018 the company borrowed $4.2 billion from the fhlb of new york for lcr and other liquidity purposes. m&t bank had an available line of credit with the federal reserve bank of new york that totaled approximately $13.7 billion at december 31, 2018. the amount of that line is dependent upon the balances of loans and securities pledged as collateral. there were no borrowings outstanding under
88
such line of credit at december 31, 2018 or december 31, 2017. senior notes issued and outstanding totaled $5.5 billion at december 31, 2018 and $5.0 billion at december 31, 2017.  during 2018 m&t bank issued $1.0 billion of senior notes that mature in 2021 and m&t issued $750 million of senior notes that mature in 2023.  on december 31, 2018 m&t bank redeemed $750 million of senior notes that were due to mature in january 2019.
the company has, from time to time, issued subordinated capital notes and junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities to provide liquidity and enhance regulatory capital ratios. pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the company's junior subordinated debentures associated with trust preferred securities have been phased-out of the definition of tier 1 capital but, similar to other subordinated capital notes, are considered tier 2 capital and are includable in total regulatory capital. information about the company's borrowings is included in note 8 of notes to financial statements.
short-term federal funds borrowings totaled $137 million and $125 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. in general, those borrowings were unsecured and matured on the next business day. in addition to satisfying customer demand, cayman islands office deposits may be used by the company as an alternative to short-term borrowings. cayman islands office deposits totaled $812 million and $178 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company has also benefited from the placement of brokered deposits. the company has brokered savings and interest-bearing checking deposit accounts that aggregated $3.0 billion and $1.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. brokered time deposits were not a significant source of funding as of those dates.
the company's ability to obtain funding from these other sources could be negatively impacted should the company experience a substantial deterioration in its financial condition or its debt ratings, or should the availability of short-term funding become restricted due to a disruption in the financial markets. the company attempts to quantify such credit-event risk by modeling scenarios that estimate the liquidity impact resulting from a short-term ratings downgrade over various grading levels. such impact is estimated by attempting to measure the effect on available unsecured lines of credit, available capacity from secured borrowing sources and securitizable assets. information about the credit ratings of m&t and m&t bank is presented in table 15. additional information regarding the terms and maturities of all of the company's short-term and long-term borrowings is provided in note 8 of notes to financial statements. in addition to deposits and borrowings, other sources of liquidity include maturities of investment securities and other earning assets, repayments of loans and investment securities, and cash generated from operations, such as fees collected for services.
table 15
debt ratings moody's    standard    fitch and poor's

m&amp;t bank corporation senior debt                a3        a-           a subordinated debt          a3        bbb+         a-
m&amp;t bank short-term deposits        prime-1   a-1          f1
long-term deposits         aa3       a            a+
senior debt                a3        a            a subordinated debt          a3        a-           a-
89
certain customers of the company obtain financing through the issuance of variable rate demand bonds ("vrdbs"). the vrdbs are generally enhanced by letters of credit provided by m&t bank. m&t bank oftentimes acts as remarketing agent for the vrdbs and, at its discretion, may from time-to-time own some of the vrdbs while such instruments are remarketed. when this occurs, the vrdbs are classified as trading account assets in the company's consolidated balance sheet. nevertheless, m&t bank is not contractually obligated to purchase the vrdbs. the value of vrdbs in the company's trading account was not material at december 31, 2018 or december 31, 2017. the total amount of vrdbs outstanding backed by m&t bank letters of credit was $793 million and $1.0 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. m&t bank also serves as remarketing agent for most of those bonds.
table 16
maturity distribution of selected loans(a)
december 31, 2018                 demand                    2019                      2020 - 2023                 after 2023

(in thousands)
commercial, financial, etc.             $7,426,143                      $3,388,513                  $9,329,335                $1,390,006
real estate - construction                      45,770                   3,921,560                   4,211,154                   617,721
total                                   $7,471,913                      $7,310,073                 $13,540,489                $2,007,727
floating or adjustable interest rates                                                              $11,705,686                $1,210,385
fixed or predetermined interest rates                                                                1,834,803                   797,342
total                                                                                              $13,540,489                $2,007,727
(a)   the data do not include nonaccrual loans.

the company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business that require future cash payments. the contractual amounts and timing of those payments as of december 31, 2018 are summarized in table 17. off-balance sheet commitments to customers may impact liquidity, including commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, commercial letters of credit, financial guarantees and indemnification contracts, and commitments to sell real estate loans. because many of these commitments or contracts expire without being funded in whole or in part, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash flows. further discussion of these commitments is provided in note 21 of notes to financial statements. table 17 summarizes the company's other commitments as of december 31, 2018 and the timing of the expiration of such commitments.
90
table 17
contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2018           less than one               one to three              three to five                over five                   total year                      years                      years                      years

(in thousands)
payments due for contractual obligations time deposits                          $3,667,839                 $2,328,549                   $123,719                    $4,147                $6,124,254
deposits at cayman                        811,906                          -                          -                         -                   811,906
islands office short-term borrowings                   4,398,378                          -                          -                         -                 4,398,378
long-term borrowings                    1,525,057                  3,517,246                  1,647,441                 1,755,170                 8,444,914
operating leases                           89,547                    150,521                     94,082                   104,280                   438,430
other                                     149,292                    126,771                     34,249                    31,656                   341,968
total                                 $10,642,019                 $6,123,087                 $1,899,491                $1,895,253               $20,559,850
other commitments commitments to extend                 $10,828,529                 $6,495,649                 $6,475,039                $4,299,468               $28,098,685
credit (a)
standby letters of credit               1,394,255                    524,165                    304,782                   103,789                 2,326,991
commercial letters of                       6,892                     48,492                        338                        86                    55,808
credit financial guarantees and                  167,823                    299,325                    418,994                 2,642,994                 3,529,136
indemnification contracts commitments to sell real                  929,424                     11,268                          -                         -                   940,692
estate loans total                                 $13,326,923                 $7,378,899                 $7,199,153                $7,046,337               $34,951,312
(a)   amounts exclude discretionary funding commitments to commercial customers of $8.6 billion that the company has the unconditional right to cancel prior to funding.

m&t's primary source of funds to pay for operating expenses, shareholder dividends and treasury stock repurchases has historically been the receipt of dividends from its banking subsidiaries, which are subject to various regulatory limitations. dividends from any banking subsidiary to m&t are limited by the amount of earnings of the banking subsidiary in the current year and the two preceding years. for purposes of that test, at december 31, 2018 approximately $669 million was available for payment of dividends to m&t from banking subsidiaries. information regarding the long-term debt obligations of m&t is included in note 8 of notes to financial statements.
91
table 18
maturity and taxable-equivalent yield of investment securities december 31, 2018                        one year                  one to five                 five to ten                   over ten                     total or less                      years                       years                       years

(dollars in thousands)
investment securities available for sale(a)
u.s. treasury and federal agencies carrying value                                            $1,332,656                      $4,275                          $-                          $-                  $1,336,931
yield                                                           1.11   %                    1.54   %                       -                           -                        1.11   %
obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                   533                         497                         629                           -                       1,659
yield                                                           6.37   %                    4.53   %                    4.85   %                       -                        5.24   %
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                               476,668                   2,050,866                   2,636,481                   2,052,976                   7,216,991
yield                                                           2.46   %                    2.46   %                    2.46   %                    2.43   %                    2.45   %
privately issued carrying value                                                     6                           1                           2                          13                          22
yield                                                           3.49   %                    5.00   %                    5.00   %                    5.00   %                    4.51   %
other debt securities carrying value                                                 1,506                       4,547                      95,024                      25,829                     126,906
yield                                                           3.18   %                    2.81   %                    4.16   %                    4.95   %                    4.28   %
total investment securities available for sale carrying value                                             1,811,369                   2,060,186                   2,732,136                   2,078,818                   8,682,509
yield                                                           1.47   %                    2.46   %                    2.52   %                    2.47   %                    2.28   %
investment securities held to maturity u.s. treasury and federal agencies carrying value                                               446,542                           -                           -                           -                     446,542
yield                                                           2.51   %                       -                           -                           -                        2.51   %
obligations of states and political subdivisions carrying value                                                 2,926                       4,568                           -                           -                       7,494
yield                                                           4.26   %                    4.66   %                       -                           -                        4.51   %
mortgage-backed securities(b)
government issued or guaranteed carrying value                                               123,243                     534,826                     670,864                   1,416,843                   2,745,776
yield                                                           2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.76   %                    2.76   %
privately issued carrying value                                                 4,875                      20,036                      26,554                      61,695                     113,160
yield                                                           2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.77   %
other debt securities carrying value                                                     -                           -                           -                       3,668                       3,668
yield                                                              -                           -                           -                        5.86   %                    5.86   %
total investment securities held to maturity carrying value                                               577,586                     559,430                     697,418                   1,482,206                   3,316,640
yield                                                           2.57   %                    2.78   %                    2.77   %                    2.77   %                    2.74   %
equity and other securities equity securities carrying value                                                                                                                                                                93,917
yield                                                                                                                                                                           1.57   %
other investment securities carrying value                                                                                                                                                               599,747
yield                                                                                                                                                                           3.73   %
total investment securities carrying value                                            $2,388,955                  $2,619,616                  $3,429,554                  $3,561,024                 $12,692,813
yield                                                           1.73   %                    2.53   %                    2.57   %                    2.59   %                    2.60   %
(a)   investment securities available for sale are presented at estimated fair value. yields on such securities are based on amortized cost.

(b)   maturities are reflected based upon contractual payments due. actual maturities are expected to be significantly shorter as a result of loan repayments in the underlying mortgage pools.

92
table 19
maturity of domestic certificates of deposit and time deposits with balances of $100,000 or more december 31,

2018
(in thousands)
under 3 months                  $517,362
3 to 6 months                    565,560
6 to 12 months                   452,965
over 12 months                 1,167,761
total                         $2,703,648
management closely monitors the company's liquidity position on an ongoing basis for compliance with internal policies and believes that available sources of liquidity are adequate to meet funding needs anticipated in the normal course of business. management does not anticipate engaging in any activities, either currently or in the long-term, for which adequate funding would not be available and would therefore result in a significant strain on liquidity at either m&t or its subsidiary banks. banking regulators have enacted the lcr rules requiring a banking company to maintain a minimum amount of liquid assets to withstand a standardized supervisory liquidity stress scenario. the company is in compliance with the requirements of those rules.
market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in the market prices and/or interest rates of the company's financial instruments. the primary market risk the company is exposed to is interest rate risk. interest rate risk arises from the company's core banking activities of lending and deposit-taking, because assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. as a result, net interest income earned by the company is subject to the effects of changing interest rates. the company measures interest rate risk by calculating the variability of net interest income in future periods under various interest rate scenarios using projected balances for earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk. management's philosophy toward interest rate risk management is to limit the variability of net interest income. the balances of financial instruments used in the projections are based on expected growth from forecasted business opportunities, anticipated prepayments of loans and investment securities, and expected maturities of investment securities, loans and deposits. management uses a "value of equity" model to supplement the modeling technique described above. those supplemental analyses are based on discounted cash flows associated with on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments. such analyses are modeled to reflect changes in interest rates and provide management with a long-term interest rate risk metric. the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to help manage exposure to interest rate risk. at december 31, 2018, the aggregate notional amount of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes that were currently in effect was $7.3 billion. in addition, the company has entered into $12.6 billion of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that will become effective as pre-existing swap agreements mature. information about interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes is included herein under the heading "net interest income/lending and funding activities" and in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
the company's asset-liability committee, which includes members of senior management, monitors the sensitivity of the company's net interest income to changes in interest rates with the aid of a computer model that forecasts net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in
93
modeling changing interest rates, the company considers different yield curve shapes that consider both parallel (that is, simultaneous changes in interest rates at each point on the yield curve) and non-parallel (that is, allowing interest rates at points on the yield curve to vary by different amounts) shifts in the yield curve. in utilizing the model, market-implied forward interest rates over the subsequent twelve months are generally used to determine a base interest rate scenario for the net interest income simulation.  that calculated base net interest income is then compared to the income calculated under the varying interest rate scenarios.  the model considers the impact of ongoing lending and deposit-gathering activities, as well as interrelationships in the magnitude and timing of the repricing of financial instruments, including the effect of changing interest rates on expected prepayments and maturities. when deemed prudent, management has taken actions to mitigate exposure to interest rate risk through the use of on- or off-balance sheet financial instruments and intends to do so in the future. possible actions include, but are not limited to, changes in the pricing of loan and deposit products, modifying the composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and adding to, modifying or terminating existing interest rate swap agreements or other financial instruments used for interest rate risk management purposes.
table 20 displays as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 the estimated impact on net interest income in the base scenario described above resulting from parallel changes in interest rates across repricing categories during the first modeling year.
table 20
sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates calculated increase (decrease)
in projected net interest income in december 31

changes in interest rates   2018                           2017
(in thousands)
+200 basis points               $37,513                                     81,570
+100 basis points                         36,727                            64,434
-100 basis points                       (114,307   )                       (94,014   )
the company utilized many assumptions to calculate the impact that changes in interest rates may have on net interest income. the more significant of those assumptions included the rate of prepayments of mortgage-related assets, cash flows from derivative and other financial instruments held for non-trading purposes, loan and deposit volumes and pricing, and deposit maturities. in the scenarios presented, the company also assumed gradual changes in interest rates during a twelve-month period as compared with the base scenario. in the declining rate scenario, the rate changes may be limited to lesser amounts such that interest rates remain positive on all points of the yield curve.  the assumptions used in interest rate sensitivity modeling are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the company cannot precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. actual results may differ significantly from those presented due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of changes in interest rates and changes in market conditions and interest rate differentials (spreads) between maturity/repricing categories, as well as any actions, such as those previously described, which management may take to counter such changes.  as noted herein, the company has used interest rate swap agreements designated as hedging instruments to mitigate the company's exposure to such potential volatility.  the company has also entered into interest rate floor agreements that are included in the trading account. such floor agreements provide the company with protection against the possibility of future declines in interest rates on its earning
94
assets. in light of the uncertainties and assumptions associated with the process, the amounts presented in the table are not considered significant to the company's past or projected net interest income.
table 21 presents cumulative totals of net assets (liabilities) repricing on a contractual basis within the specified time frames, as adjusted for the impact of interest rate swap agreements entered into for interest rate risk management purposes. management believes that this measure does not appropriately depict interest rate risk since changes in interest rates do not necessarily affect all categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities equally nor, as assumed in the table, on the contractual maturity or repricing date. furthermore, this static presentation of interest rate risk fails to consider the effect of ongoing lending and deposit gathering activities, projected changes in balance sheet composition or any subsequent interest rate risk management activities the company is likely to implement.
table 21
contractual repricing data december 31, 2018            three months                  four to twelve                     one to                       after                         total or less                         months                       five years                   five years

(dollars in thousands)
loans and leases, net        $52,645,822                              $5,562,898                   $15,877,783                  $14,379,974           $88,466,477
investment securities                    531,289                       1,749,368                       136,832                   10,275,324                    12,692,813
other earning assets                   8,160,767                             778                             -                            -                     8,161,545
total earning assets                  61,337,878                       7,313,044                    16,014,615                   24,655,298                   109,320,835
savings and interest-                 50,963,744                               -                             -                            -                    50,963,744
checking deposits time deposits                          1,290,803                       2,377,036                     2,452,268                        4,147                     6,124,254
deposits at cayman islands               811,906                               -                             -                            -                       811,906
office total interest-bearing                53,066,453                       2,377,036                     2,452,268                        4,147                    57,899,904
deposits short-term borrowings                  4,398,378                               -                             -                            -                     4,398,378
long-term borrowings                   2,230,859                       1,524,843                     3,406,186                    1,283,026                     8,444,914
total interest-bearing                59,695,690                       3,901,879                     5,858,454                    1,287,173                    70,743,196
liabilities interest rate swap                    (9,300,000   )                     650,000                     8,150,000                      500,000                             -
agreements periodic gap                 $(7,657,812           )                  $4,061,165                   $18,306,161                  $23,868,125
cumulative gap                        (7,657,812   )                  (3,596,647   )                14,709,514                   38,577,639
cumulative gap as a % of                    (7.0   )%                       (3.3   )%                     13.5   %                     35.3   %
total earning assets
95
changes in fair value of the company's financial instruments can also result from a lack of trading activity for similar instruments in the financial markets. that impact is most notable on the values assigned to some of the company's investment securities. information about the fair valuation of investment securities is presented herein under the heading "capital" and in notes 2 and 20 of notes to financial statements.
the company engages in limited trading account activities to meet the financial needs of customers and to fund the company's obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. financial instruments utilized for trading account activities consist predominantly of interest rate contracts, such as interest rate swap agreements, and forward and futures contracts related to foreign currencies. the company generally mitigates the foreign currency and interest rate risk associated with trading account activities by entering into offsetting trading positions that are also included in the trading account. the fair values of trading account positions associated with interest rate contracts and foreign currency and other option and futures contracts are presented in note 18 of notes to financial statements. the amounts of gross and net trading account positions, as well as the type of trading account activities conducted by the company, are subject to a well-defined series of potential loss exposure limits established by management and approved by m&t's board of directors. however, as with any non-government guaranteed financial instrument, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to the company's trading account activities.
the notional amounts of interest rate contracts entered into for trading account purposes totaled $42.9 billion at december 31, 2018 and $29.9 billion at december 31, 2017. the increase in such notional amounts at december 31, 2018 as compared with the 2017 year end was predominantly due to the additional $9.3 billion of interest rate floor agreements as previously noted. the notional amounts of foreign currency and other option and futures contracts entered into for trading account purposes were $763 million and $530 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. although the notional amounts of these contracts are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet, the unsettled fair values of all financial instruments used for trading account activities are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. the fair values of all trading account assets and liabilities were $186 million and $178 million, respectively, at december 31, 2018 and $133 million and $137 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017.  the fair value asset and liability amounts at december 31, 2018 have been reduced by contractual settlements of $171 million and $50 million, respectively, and at december 31, 2017 by contractual settlements of $136 million and $12 million, respectively.  included in trading account assets at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $21 million and $23 million, respectively, of assets related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the fair values of such assets are recorded as "trading account and foreign exchange gains" in the consolidated statement of income. included in "other liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $25 million and $27 million, respectively, of liabilities related to deferred compensation plans. changes in the balances of such liabilities due to the valuation of allocated investment options to which the liabilities are indexed are recorded in "other costs of operations" in the consolidated statement of income. also included in trading account assets were investments in mutual funds and other assets that the company was required to hold under terms of certain non-qualified supplemental retirement and other benefit plans that were assumed by the company in various acquisitions. those assets totaled $25 million and $24 million at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively.
given the company's policies, limits and positions, management believes that the potential loss exposure to the company resulting from market risk associated with trading account activities was not material, however, as previously noted, the company is exposed to credit risk associated with counterparties to transactions related to the company's trading account activities. additional information about the company's use of derivative financial instruments in its trading account activities is included in note 18 of notes to financial statements.
96
capital shareholders' equity was $15.5 billion at december 31, 2018 and represented 12.87% of total assets, compared with $16.3 billion or 13.70% at december 31, 2017 and $16.5 billion or 13.35% at december 31, 2016.
included in shareholders' equity was preferred stock with financial statement carrying values of $1.2 billion at each of december 31, 2018 and 2017.  further information concerning m&t's preferred stock can be found in note 9 of notes to financial statements.
reflecting the impact of repurchases of m&t's common stock, common shareholders' equity was $14.2 billion, or $102.69 per share, at december 31, 2018, compared with $15.0 billion, or $100.03 per share, at december 31, 2017 and $15.3 billion, or $97.64 per share, at december 31, 2016. tangible equity per common share, which excludes goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and applicable deferred tax balances, was $69.28 at december 31, 2018, compared with $69.08 and $67.85 at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the company's ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets was 8.31% at december 31, 2018, compared with 9.10% and 8.92% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. reconciliations of total common shareholders' equity and tangible common equity and total assets and tangible assets as of december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 are presented in table 2. during 2018, 2017 and 2016, the ratio of average total shareholders' equity to average total assets was 13.36%, 13.48% and 13.21%, respectively. the ratio of average common shareholders' equity to average total assets was 12.31%, 12.46% and 12.16% in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
shareholders' equity reflects accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, which includes the net after-tax impact of unrealized gains or losses on investment securities classified as available for sale, unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities for which an other-than-temporary impairment charge has been recognized, gains or losses associated with interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges, foreign currency translation adjustments and adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. net unrealized losses on investment securities reflected in shareholders' equity, net of applicable tax effect, were $148 million, or $1.06 per common share, at december 31, 2018, $44 million, or $.29 per common share, at december 31, 2017 and $16 million, or $.10 per common share, at december 31, 2016. changes in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities are predominantly reflective of the impact of changes in interest rates on the values of such securities. information about unrealized gains and losses as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 is included in note 2 of notes to financial statements.
reflected in the carrying amount of available-for-sale investment securities at december 31, 2018 were pre-tax effect unrealized gains of $17 million on securities with an amortized cost of $1.2 billion and pre-tax effect unrealized losses of $204 million on securities with an amortized cost of $7.7 billion.  information concerning the company's fair valuations of investment securities is provided in note 20 of notes to financial statements.
each reporting period the company reviews its investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment.  for debt securities, the company analyzes the creditworthiness of the issuer or reviews the credit performance of the underlying collateral supporting the bond. for debt securities backed by pools of loans, such as privately issued mortgage-backed securities, the company estimates the cash flows of the underlying loan collateral using forward-looking assumptions for default rates, loss severities and prepayment speeds. estimated collateral cash flows are then utilized to estimate bond-specific cash flows to determine the ultimate collectibility of the bond. if the present value of the cash flows indicates that the company should not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of a bond or if the company intends to sell the bond or it more likely than not will be required to sell the bond before recovery of its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment loss is recognized. if an other-than-temporary impairment loss is deemed to have occurred, the investment security's cost basis is adjusted, as appropriate for the circumstances.
97
as of december 31, 2018, based on a review of each of the securities in the investment securities portfolio, the company concluded that the declines in the values of any securities containing an unrealized loss were temporary and that any additional other-than-temporary impairment charges were not appropriate. at december 31, 2018, the company did not intend to sell nor is it anticipated that it would be required to sell any of its impaired securities, that is, where fair value is less than the cost basis of the security. the company intends to continue to closely monitor the performance of its securities because changes in their underlying credit performance or other events could cause the cost basis of those securities to become other-than-temporarily impaired. however, because the unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities have generally already been reflected in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity, any recognition of an other-than-temporary decline in value of those investment securities would not have a material effect on the company's consolidated financial condition. any other-than-temporary impairment charge related to held-to-maturity securities would result in reductions in the financial statement values for investment securities and shareholders' equity. additional information concerning fair value measurements and the company's approach to the classification of such measurements is included in note 20 of notes to financial statements.
the company assessed impairment losses on privately issued mortgage-backed securities in the held-to-maturity portfolio by performing internal modeling to estimate bond-specific cash flows considering recent performance of the mortgage loan collateral and utilizing assumptions about future defaults and loss severity. these bond-specific cash flows also reflect the placement of the bond in the overall securitization structure and the remaining subordination levels. in total, at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company had in its held-to-maturity portfolio privately issued mortgage-backed securities with an amortized cost basis of $113 million and $136 million, respectively, and a fair value of $103 million and $111 million, respectively. at december 31, 2018, 82% of the mortgage-backed securities were in the most senior tranche of the securitization structure with 17% being independently rated as investment grade. the mortgage-backed securities are generally collateralized by residential and small-balance commercial real estate loans originated between 2004 and 2008 and had a weighted-average credit enhancement of 18% at december 31, 2018, calculated by dividing the remaining unpaid principal balance of bonds subordinate to the bonds owned by the company plus any overcollateralization remaining in the securitization structure by the remaining unpaid principal balance of all bonds in the securitization structure. the weighted-average default percentage and loss severity assumptions utilized in the company's internal modeling were 34% and 69%, respectively. given the terms of the securitization structure, some of the bonds held by the company may defer interest payments in certain circumstances, but after considering the repayment structure and estimated future collateral cash flows of each individual senior and subordinate tranche bond, the company has concluded that as of december 31, 2018 those privately issued mortgage-backed securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired. nevertheless, it is possible that adverse changes in the future performance of mortgage loan collateral underlying such securities could impact the company's conclusions.
adjustments to reflect the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, net of applicable tax effect, reduced accumulated other comprehensive income by $261 million, or $1.89 per common share, at december 31, 2018, $305 million, or $2.03 per common share, at december 31, 2017 and $273 million, or $1.75 per common share, at december 31, 2016. information about the funded status of the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans is included in note 12 of notes to financial statements.
as described herein under the heading "overview," m&t announced on june 28, 2018 that the federal reserve did not object to m&t's revised 2018 capital plan, which included the repurchase of up to $1.8 billion of common shares during the four-quarter period starting on july 1, 2018 and an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend in the third quarter of 2018 of up to $.20 per share
98
to $1.00 per share.  in addition, on february 5, 2018, m&t received notice of non-objection from the federal reserve to repurchase an additional $745 million of shares of its common stock by june 30, 2018.  that amount was in addition to the $900 million of common stock authorized for repurchase, which was filed with the federal reserve in the 2017 capital plan.  in the aggregate, during 2018 m&t repurchased 12,295,817 common shares for $2.2 billion. the remaining amount of authorized common share repurchases pursuant to the revised 2018 capital plan at december 31, 2018 totaled $802 million and it is expected that those repurchases will be made during the first two quarters of 2019.  during 2017, m&t repurchased 7,369,105 common shares for $1.2 billion.  in 2016, m&t repurchased 5,607,595 common shares for $641 million.
during 2018, in accordance with the 2018 and 2017 capital plans, m&t's board of directors authorized increases in the quarterly common stock dividend to $.80 per common share in the second quarter from the previous rate of $.75 per common share and to $1.00 per common share in the third quarter.  cash dividends declared on m&t's common stock totaled $511 million in 2018, compared with $457 million and $442 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. dividends per common share totaled $3.55 in 2018, compared with $3.00 and $2.80 in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  dividends of $73 million in each of 2018 and 2017 and $81 million in 2016 were declared on preferred stock in accordance with the terms of each series. the decline in preferred stock dividends in 2017 from the immediately preceding year resulted from the lower dividend rate for the $500 million of series f preferred stock issued in october 2016 as compared with the like-amount of series d preferred stock that had been redeemed in december 2016.
m&t and its subsidiary banks are required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the federal banking agencies. pursuant to those regulations, the minimum capital ratios are as follows:
•   4.5% common equity tier 1 ("cet1") to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);

•   6.0% tier 1 capital (that is, cet1 plus additional tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations);

•   8.0% total capital (that is, tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets (each as defined in the capital regulations); and

•   4.0% tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the "leverage ratio"), as defined in the capital regulations.

in addition, capital regulations provide for the phase-in of a "capital conservation buffer" composed entirely of cet1 on top of these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios.  when fully phased-in on january 1, 2019 the capital conservation buffer is 2.5%.  for 2018, the phase-in transition portion of that buffer was 1.875%. the regulatory capital amounts and ratios of m&t and its bank subsidiaries as of december 31, 2018 are presented in note 23 of notes to financial statements. a detailed discussion of the regulatory capital rules is included in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading "capital requirements."
the company is subject to the comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to bank and financial holding companies and their subsidiaries, which includes regular examinations by a number of federal regulators. regulation of financial institutions such as m&t and its subsidiaries is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the deposit insurance fund of the fdic and the banking and financial system as a whole, and generally is not intended for the protection of shareholders, investors or creditors other than insured depositors. changes in laws, regulations and regulatory policies applicable to the company's operations can increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive environment in which the company operates, all of which could have a material effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the
99
company and in m&t's ability to pay dividends. for additional information concerning this comprehensive regulatory framework, refer to part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
fourth quarter results net income in the fourth quarter of 2018 was $546 million, compared with $322 million in the year-earlier quarter. diluted and basic earnings per common share were each $3.76 in the final three months of 2018, compared with diluted and basic earnings per common share of $2.01 in the corresponding 2017 period.  the annualized rates of return on average assets and average common shareholders' equity for the fourth quarter of 2018 were 1.84% and 14.80%, respectively, compared with 1.06% and 8.03%, respectively, in the year-earlier quarter.
net operating income during 2018's final quarter was $550 million, compared with $327 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.79 and $2.04 in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017, respectively. the annualized net operating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity in the final three months of 2018 were 1.93% and 22.16%, respectively, compared with 1.12% and 11.77%, respectively, in the corresponding 2017 period. reconciliations of gaap results with non-gaap results for the quarterly periods of 2018 and 2017 are provided in table 23.
taxable-equivalent net interest income totaled $1.06 billion in the final three months of 2018, up 9% from $980 million recorded in the year-earlier period. that growth was predominantly attributable to a 36 basis point widening of the net interest margin to 3.92% in the fourth quarter of 2018 from 3.56% in the year-earlier quarter. partially offsetting the favorable impact of the higher margin was a 1% decline in average earning assets, from $109.4 billion in 2017 to $107.8 billion in 2018.  that decline was predominantly reflective of payments received during 2018 on investment securities that lowered the average balance of such securities by $1.8 billion to $13.0 billion in the recent quarter from $14.8 billion in 2017's final quarter.  average balances of commercial loans and leases were $22.4 billion in the recent quarter, up $814 million or 4% from $21.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017 due, in part, to higher balances of automobile floor plan loans.  average commercial real estate loan balances totaled $33.6 billion in the last quarter of 2018, up $448 million or 1% from $33.1 billion in the year-earlier quarter. included in those totals were average balances of loans held for sale of $252 million in the final 2018 quarter, compared with $259 million in the year-earlier period. average residential real estate loan balances declined $2.6 billion to $17.4 billion in 2018's final quarter from $20.0 billion in the year-earlier quarter, reflecting ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city.  included in the residential real estate loan portfolio were loans held for sale that averaged $229 million and $372 million in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017, respectively. consumer loans averaged $13.9 billion in the final three months of 2018, $754 million or 6% higher than in the similar 2017 quarter. that increase resulted from higher average balances of automobile and recreational finance loans. total loans and leases at december 31, 2018 rose $477 million to $88.5 billion from $88.0 billion at december 31, 2017. higher commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and consumer loans were partially offset by lower residential real estate loans, reflecting ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. the net interest spread widened in the fourth quarter of 2018 to 3.57%, up 23 basis points from 3.34% in the similar quarter of 2017. the yield on earning assets in the final three months of 2018 was 4.51%, up 58 basis points from the year-earlier quarter.  that rise reflects the impact of increases in short-term interest rates initiated by the federal reserve in 2017 and 2018 that contributed to higher yields on loans and leases.  the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities in the 2018's final quarter was .94%, up 35 basis points from .59% in the corresponding 2017 quarter. that increase was also largely due to the higher interest rate environment.  the contribution of net interest-free funds to the company's net interest margin was .35% and .22% in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017, respectively. as a result,
100
the company's net interest margin expanded to 3.92% in the fourth quarter of 2018 from 3.56% in the year-earlier period.
the provision for credit losses was $38 million for the three months ended december 31, 2018, compared with $31 million in the corresponding 2017 period. net loan charge-offs were $38 million in the final quarter of 2018, representing an annualized .17% of average loans and leases outstanding, compared with $27 million or .12% during the fourth quarter of 2017. net charge-offs in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 included: net charge-offs of residential real estate loans of $2 million in each quarter; net recoveries of previously charged-off commercial real estate loans of less than one million dollars in 2018, compared with net recoveries of $4 million in 2017; net charge-offs of commercial loans of $10 million in 2018 and $5 million in 2017; and net charge-offs of consumer loans of $27 million and $25 million  in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the net recoveries of commercial real estate loans in 2017's final quarter reflected $4 million of recoveries on a previously charged-off loan to a residential builder and developer.
other income aggregated $481 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared with $484 million in the similar 2017 period. that decrease predominantly resulted from lower gains on bank investment securities, largely offset by higher trading account and foreign exchange gains and trust income.  during 2017's final quarter, an $18 million gain was realized on the sale of a portion of the company's fannie mae and freddie mac preferred stock holdings.  the increased trading accounts and foreign exchange gains resulted predominantly from increased activity related to interest rate swap agreements executed on behalf of commercial customers.  the higher trust income was largely due to increased revenues from the ics businesses.
other expense totaled $802 million during the recent quarter, compared with $796 million in the final quarter of 2017. included in such amounts are expenses considered to be "nonoperating" in nature consisting of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets of $5 million and $7 million during the quarters ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. exclusive of those nonoperating expenses, noninterest operating expenses were $797 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 and $789 million in the corresponding 2017 quarter.  higher salaries and employee benefits expenses in the recent quarter were largely offset by lower contributions to the m&t charitable foundation and lower fdic assessments as compared with the fourth quarter of 2017. the company's efficiency ratio during the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 was 51.7% and 54.7%, respectively. table 23 includes a reconciliation of other expense to noninterest operating expense and the calculation of the efficiency ratio for each of the quarters of 2018 and 2017.
the company's lower effective tax rate in 2018 reflects the impact of the tax act, which lowered the federal corporate income tax rate to 21% in 2018 from 35% in 2017.  additional items impacting the effective tax rates in the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 are described herein under the heading "income taxes."
segment information in accordance with gaap, the company's reportable segments have been determined based upon its internal profitability reporting system, which is organized by strategic business unit. certain strategic business units have been combined for segment information reporting purposes where the nature of the products and services, the type of customer, and the distribution of those products and services are similar. the reportable segments are business banking, commercial banking, commercial real estate, discretionary portfolio, residential mortgage banking and retail banking.
the financial information of the company's segments was compiled utilizing the accounting policies described in note 22 of notes to financial statements. the management accounting policies and processes utilized in compiling segment financial information are highly subjective and, unlike financial accounting, are not based on authoritative guidance similar to gaap. as a result, reported
101
segments and the financial information of the reported segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information reported by other financial institutions.  furthermore, changes in management structure or allocation methodologies and procedures may result in changes in reported segment financial data. financial information about the company's segments is presented in note 22 of notes to financial statements. each reportable segment benefited from a lower corporate federal income tax rate in 2018 due to the enactment of the tax act, as compared with prior years.
the business banking segment provides a wide range of services to small businesses and professionals within markets served by the company through the company's branch network, business banking centers and other delivery channels such as telephone banking, internet banking and automated teller machines. services and products offered by this segment include various business loans and leases, including loans guaranteed by the small business administration, business credit cards, deposit products, and financial services such as cash management, payroll and direct deposit, merchant credit card and letters of credit. the business banking segment recorded net income of $168 million in 2018, compared with $116 million in 2017.  that 45% rise in net income resulted from a $41 million increase in net interest income, a $5 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, due to lower net charge-offs, and the lower income tax rate in 2018. the growth in net interest income reflected a widening of the net interest margin on deposits of 42 basis points, offset, in part, by a 14 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans. those favorable factors were partially offset by a $5 million increase in centrally-allocated costs, largely associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the business banking segment. the business banking segment contributed net income of $104 million in 2016. the 12% rise in net income from 2016 to 2017 resulted from a $22 million increase in net interest income, reflecting a widening of the net interest margin, and higher merchant discount and credit card fees.
the commercial banking segment provides a wide range of credit products and banking services for middle-market and large commercial customers, mainly within the markets served by the company. services provided by this segment include commercial lending and leasing, letters of credit, deposit products, and cash management services.  the commercial banking segment contributed net income of $539 million in 2018, compared with $437 million in 2017.  the improvement in net income from 2017 was predominantly driven by the lower income tax rate in 2018, a $13 million increase in net interest income, lower fdic assessments of $8 million, and a $5 million increase in merchant discount and credit card fees. the increased net interest income reflected a 59 basis point expansion of the net interest margin on deposits, partially offset by a seven basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans and lower average deposit balances of $2.2 billion. offsetting the favorable factors noted above were a $25 million increase in centrally-allocated costs, largely associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial banking segment, and higher personnel-related costs of $5 million. net income for the commercial banking segment totaled $411 million in 2016. the 6% improvement as compared with 2016 resulted from a $24 million increase in net interest income and a lower provision for credit losses of $23 million. those favorable factors were partially offset by higher allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial banking segment. the increase in net interest income resulted from a widening of the net interest margin on deposits of 32 basis points and higher average outstanding loan balances of $961 million offset, in part, by a narrowing of the net interest margin on loans of 15 basis points.
the commercial real estate segment provides credit and deposit services to its customers. real estate securing loans in this segment is generally located in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia, the district of columbia and the western portion of the united states.  commercial real estate loans may be secured by apartment/multifamily buildings; office, retail and industrial space; or other types of collateral.
102
activities of this segment also include the origination, sales, and servicing of commercial real estate loans through the fannie mae dus program and other programs.  commercial real estate loans held for sale are included in this segment.  net income of the commercial real estate segment aggregated $453 million in 2018, up 24% from $364 million in 2017.  that improvement resulted from: the lower income tax rate in 2018, a rise in net interest income of $16 million; lower fdic assessments of $11 million; higher mortgage banking revenues of $5 million, resulting from increased servicing income; and higher trading account and foreign exchange gains of $5 million, largely due to increased activity related to interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers.  those favorable factors were partially offset by an $11 million rise in the provision for credit losses, mainly due to higher recoveries of previously charged-off loans in 2017, and $10 million increases in each of salaries and employee benefits and allocated operating expenses associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the commercial real estate segment.  the higher net interest income was largely attributable to a 52 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, offset, in part, by a four basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans.  net income for this segment was $350 million in 2016.  the 4% increase in net income from 2016 to 2017 resulted from higher net interest income of $41 million and a lower provision for credit losses of $4 million, offset in part, by lower trading account and foreign exchange gains of $11 million, largely due to decreased volumes of interest rate swap transactions executed on behalf of commercial customers, and higher operating expenses. the increase in net interest income was attributable to a $1.5 billion increase in average loan balances and a 38 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, offset, in part, by a seven basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans.
the discretionary portfolio segment includes investment and trading account securities, residential real estate loans and other assets, short-term and long-term borrowed funds, brokered deposits and cayman islands office deposits.  this segment also provides foreign exchange services to customers.  the discretionary portfolio segment recorded net income of $116 million in 2018 and $135 million in 2017. that 14% decline in net income reflected: a $49 million decrease in net interest income; lower gains on investment securities of $24 million, reflecting valuation losses on marketable equity securities of $6 million during 2018, compared with realized gains of $18 million in 2017 on the sale of investment securities; and a $7 million decrease in income from bank owned life insurance. the lower net interest income reflected a narrowing of the net interest margin on loans of five basis points and lower average loan balances of $2.6 billion, reflecting ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the acquisition of hudson city. favorable factors offsetting the declines noted included: the lower income tax rate in 2018; a $24 million decline in the provision for credit losses, primarily due to the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies for the provision for credit losses associated with acquired loans that reflect lower loan balances and net charge-offs; lower fdic assessments of $6 million; and a decrease in other real estate-related servicing costs. net income of the discretionary portfolio segment aggregated $164 million in 2016. the 17% decline in net income from 2016 was due to a $69 million decrease in net interest income, reflecting a $3.5 billion decrease in average loan balances and a 10 basis point narrowing of the net interest margin on loans, and lower gains realized on investment securities. the decline in average loan balances resulted from ongoing repayments of loans obtained in the hudson city acquisition. those unfavorable factors were partially offset by lower loan and other real estate-related servicing costs.
the residential mortgage banking segment originates and services residential mortgage loans and sells substantially all of those loans in the secondary market to investors or to the discretionary portfolio segment.  in addition to the geographic regions served by or contiguous with the company's branch network, the company maintains mortgage loan origination offices in several states throughout the western united states.  the company periodically purchases the rights to service loans and also sub-services residential real estate loans for others. residential real estate
103
loans held for sale are included in this segment.  the residential mortgage banking segment's net income totaled $45 million in 2018, compared with $46 million in 2017. that slight decline resulted from an $18 million decrease in revenues associated with mortgage origination and sales activities (including intersegment revenues) and lower net interest income of $16 million, reflecting a narrowing of the net interest margin on loans of 48 basis points and lower average deposit balances. offsetting those unfavorable factors were lower servicing-related costs (including intersegment costs) of $14 million and the lower income tax rate in 2018. the residential mortgage banking segment's net income was $55 million in 2016. the 18% decline in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected lower revenues from mortgage origination and sales activities of $14 million and from servicing residential real estate loans of $6 million (each including intersegment revenues). partially offsetting those unfavorable factors were lower expenses associated with intersegment loan servicing.
the retail banking segment offers a variety of services to consumers through several delivery channels which include branch offices, automated teller machines, telephone banking and internet banking. the company has branch offices in new york state, maryland, new jersey, pennsylvania, delaware, connecticut, virginia, west virginia and the district of columbia. credit services offered by this segment include consumer installment loans, automobile and recreational finance loans (originated both directly and indirectly through dealers), home equity loans and lines of credit, and credit cards. the segment also offers to its customers deposit products, including demand, savings and time accounts; investment products, including mutual funds and annuities; and other services.  net income for the retail banking segment was $541 million in 2018, up 44% from $377 million in 2017.  that year-over-year increase was predominantly attributable to a $141 million rise in net interest income that reflected a 49 basis point widening of the net interest margin on deposits, partially offset by lower average deposit balances of $2.8 billion, and the lower income tax rate in 2018. those favorable factors were offset, in part, by a $28 million increase in centrally-allocated costs associated with data processing, risk management and other support services provided to the retail banking segment. this segment's net income increased 28% in 2017 from $294 million in 2016.  that improvement was predominantly due to an increase in net interest income of $103 million, a $13 million decrease in the provision for credit losses and lower personnel-related expenses of $7 million. the higher net interest income was primarily due to a widening of the net interest margin on deposits of 34 basis points offset, in part, by lower average outstanding deposit balances of $3.4 billion reflecting net maturities of time deposits obtained in the hudson city acquisition.
the "all other" category reflects other activities of the company that are not directly attributable to the reported segments.  reflected in this category are the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets resulting from the acquisitions of financial institutions, m&t's share of income or loss from blg, merger-related expenses resulting from acquisitions, and the net impact of the company's allocation methodologies for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with the earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company's reportable segments, and the provision for credit losses.  the "all other" category also includes trust income of the company that reflects the ics and was business activities.  the various components of the "all other" category resulted in net income of $55 million in 2018, compared with net losses of $66 million and $64 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  the significant improvement in 2018 as compared with 2017 was driven by the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies for income taxes and for internal transfers for funding charges and credits associated with earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of the company's reportable segments; higher trust income of $36 million; $24 million of income from blg in 2018; and lower charitable contributions of $21 million in the recent year. those favorable factors were partially offset by a higher expenses related to the settlements of wt corp pre-acquisition legal-related matters; a $21 million increase in
104
professional and other outside services expenses; and a $10 million decline in brokerage services income. the modestly higher net loss in 2017 as compared with 2016 reflected the incremental income tax expense of $85 million recorded as a result of the enactment of the tax act, higher legal-related and professional services costs of $95 million, including additions to the reserve for legal matters, and an increase in personnel-related expenses. partially offsetting those unfavorable factors were: lower merger-related expenses of $36 million (there were no such expenses in 2017); higher trust income of $29 million in 2017; tax benefits of $22 million recognized in 2017 associated with the adoption of new accounting guidance requiring that excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation be recognized in income tax expense in the income statement; and the favorable impact from the company's allocation methodologies.
recent accounting developments a discussion of recent accounting developments is included in note 26 of notes to financial statements.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, management's beliefs and assumptions made by management. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "target," "estimate," "continue," "positions," "prospects" or "potential," by future conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," or "may," or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions ("future factors") which are difficult to predict. therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the company assumes no duty to update forward-looking statements.
future factors include changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and interest rate sensitivity; prepayment speeds, loan originations, credit losses and market values of loans, collateral securing loans and other assets; sources of liquidity; common shares outstanding; common stock price volatility; fair value of and number of stock-based compensation awards to be issued in future periods; the impact of changes in market values on trust-related revenues; legislation and/or regulation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and m&t and its subsidiaries individually or collectively, including tax legislation or regulation; regulatory supervision and oversight, including monetary policy and capital requirements; changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the fasb or regulatory agencies; increasing price and product/service competition by competitors, including new entrants; rapid technological developments and changes; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; the mix of products/services; containing costs and expenses; governmental and public policy changes; protection and validity of intellectual property rights; reliance on large customers; technological, implementation and cost/financial risks in large, multi-year contracts; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings, including tax-related examinations and other matters; continued availability of financing; financial resources in the amounts, at the times and on the terms required to support m&t and its subsidiaries' future businesses; and material differences in the actual financial results of merger, acquisition and investment activities compared with m&t's initial expectations, including the full realization of anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements.
105
these are representative of the future factors that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements. in addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, general economic and political conditions, either nationally or in the states in which m&t and its subsidiaries do business, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes and trends in the securities markets, and other future factors.
106
table 22
quarterly trends
2018 quarters                                                                                     2017 quarters

fourth                    third                   second                    first                fourth                    third                   second                    first earnings and dividends amounts in thousands, except per share interest income (taxable-equivalent basis)                       $1,226,239                1,173,108                1,134,302                1,086,959             1,083,146                1,066,038                1,039,149                1,014,032
interest expense                                                    161,321                  138,337                  120,118                  106,633               102,689                  100,076                   92,213                   91,773
net interest income                                               1,064,918                1,034,771                1,014,184                  980,326               980,457                  965,962                  946,936                  922,259
less: provision for credit losses                                    38,000                   16,000                   35,000                   43,000                31,000                   30,000                   52,000                   55,000
other income                                                        480,596                  459,294                  457,414                  458,696               484,053                  459,429                  460,816                  446,845
less: other expense                                                 802,162                  775,979                  776,577                  933,344               795,813                  806,025                  750,635                  787,852
income before income taxes                                          705,352                  702,086                  660,021                  462,678               637,697                  589,366                  605,117                  526,252
applicable income taxes                                             153,175                  170,262                  161,464                  105,259               306,287                  224,615                  215,328                  169,326
taxable-equivalent adjustment                                         5,958                    5,733                    5,397                    4,809                 9,007                    8,828                    8,736                    7,999
net income                                                         $546,219                  526,091                  493,160                  352,610               322,403                  355,923                  381,053                  348,927
net income available to common shareholders-diluted                $525,328                  505,365                  472,600                  332,749               302,486                  335,804                  360,662                  328,567
per common share data basic earnings                                                        $3.76                     3.54                     3.26                     2.24                  2.01                     2.22                     2.36                     2.13
diluted earnings                                                       3.76                     3.53                     3.26                     2.23                  2.01                     2.21                     2.35                     2.12
cash dividends                                                        $1.00                     1.00                      .80                      .75                   .75                      .75                      .75                      .75
average common shares outstanding basic                                                               139,744                  142,822                  144,825                  148,688               150,063                  151,347                  152,857                  154,427
diluted                                                             139,838                  142,976                  144,998                  148,905               150,348                  151,691                  153,276                  154,949
performance ratios, annualized return on average assets                                                         1.84      %              1.80      %              1.70      %              1.22   %              1.06      %              1.18      %              1.27      %              1.15   %
average common shareholders' equity                                   14.80      %             14.08      %             13.32      %              9.15   %              8.03      %              8.89      %              9.67      %              8.89   %
net interest margin on average earning assets (taxable-                3.92      %              3.88      %              3.83      %              3.71   %              3.56      %              3.53      %              3.45      %              3.34   %
equivalent basis)
nonaccrual loans to total loans and leases, net of                     1.01      %              1.00      %               .93      %               .99   %              1.00      %               .99      %               .98      %              1.04   %
unearned discount net operating (tangible) results (a)
net operating income (in thousands)                                $550,169                  530,619                  497,869                  357,498               326,664                  360,658                  385,974                  354,035
diluted net operating income per common share                         $3.79                     3.56                     3.29                     2.26                  2.04                     2.24                     2.38                     2.15
annualized return on average tangible assets                                                1.93      %              1.89      %              1.79      %              1.28   %              1.12      %              1.25      %              1.33      %              1.21   %
average tangible common shareholders' equity                          22.16      %             21.00      %             19.91      %             13.51   %             11.77      %             13.03      %             14.18      %             13.05   %
efficiency ratio (b)                                                  51.70      %             51.41      %             52.42      %             63.98   %             54.65      %             56.00      %             52.74      %             56.93   %
balance sheet data in millions, except per share average balances total assets (c)                                                   $117,799                  115,997                  116,413                  117,684               120,226                  119,515                  120,765                  122,978
total tangible assets (c)                                           113,169                  111,363                  111,775                  113,041               115,584                  114,872                  116,117                  118,326
earning assets                                                      107,785                  105,835                  106,210                  107,231               109,412                  108,642                  109,987                  112,008
investment securities                                                13,034                   13,431                   13,856                   14,467                14,808                   15,443                   15,913                   15,999
loans and leases, net of unearned discount                           87,301                   87,132                   87,406                   87,766                87,837                   88,386                   89,268                   89,797
deposits                                                             91,104                   89,252                   90,195                   91,119                93,469                   93,134                   94,201                   96,300
common shareholders' equity (c)                                      14,157                   14,317                   14,301                   14,827                15,039                   15,069                   15,053                   15,091
tangible common shareholders' equity (c)                              9,527                    9,683                    9,663                   10,184                10,397                   10,426                   10,405                   10,439
at end of quarter total assets (c)                                                   $120,097                  116,828                  118,426                  118,623               118,593                  120,402                  120,897                  123,223
total tangible assets (c)                                           115,470                  112,197                  113,790                  113,982               113,947                  115,761                  116,251                  118,573
earning assets                                                      109,321                  106,331                  107,819                  107,976               107,786                  109,365                  109,976                  112,287
investment securities                                                12,693                   13,074                   13,283                   14,067                14,665                   15,074                   15,816                   15,968
loans and leases, net of unearned discount                           88,466                   86,680                   87,797                   87,711                87,989                   87,925                   89,081                   89,313
deposits                                                             90,157                   89,140                   89,273                   90,947                92,432                   93,513                   93,541                   97,043
common shareholders' equity, net of undeclared                       14,225                   14,201                   14,343                   14,475                15,016                   15,083                   15,049                   14,978
cumulative preferred dividends (c)
tangible common shareholders' equity (c)                              9,598                    9,570                    9,707                    9,834                10,370                   10,442                   10,403                   10,328
equity per common share                                              102.69                   100.38                    99.43                    98.60                100.03                    99.70                    98.66                    97.40
tangible equity per common share                                      69.28                    67.64                    67.29                    66.99                 69.08                    69.02                    68.20                    67.16
market price per common share high                                                                $171.01                   180.77                   188.80                   197.37                176.62                   166.85                   164.03                   173.72
low                                                                  133.78                   164.28                   167.32                   170.00                155.77                   141.12                   147.55                   149.51
closing                                                              143.13                   164.54                   170.15                   184.36                170.99                   161.04                   161.95                   154.73
(a)   excludes amortization and balances related to goodwill and core deposit and other intangible assets and merger-related expenses which, except in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, are net of applicable income tax effects. a reconciliation of net income and net operating income appears in table 23.

(b)   excludes impact of merger-related expenses and net securities transactions.

(c)   the difference between total assets and total tangible assets, and common shareholders' equity and tangible common shareholders' equity, represents goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, net of applicable deferred tax balances. a reconciliation of such balances appears in table 23.

107
table 23
reconciliation of quarterly gaap to non-gaap measures
2018 quarters                                                                                   2017 quarters

fourth                   third                   second                   first                fourth                   third                   second                   first income statement data (in thousands, except per share)
net income net income                                                        $546,219                 526,091                  493,160                 352,610               322,403                 355,923                  381,053                 348,927
amortization of core deposit and other                               3,950                   4,528                    4,709                   4,888                 4,261                   4,735                    4,921                   5,108
intangible assets (a)
net operating income                                              $550,169                 530,619                  497,869                 357,498               326,664                 360,658                  385,974                 354,035
earnings per common share diluted earnings per common share                                    $3.76                    3.53                     3.26                    2.23                  2.01                    2.21                     2.35                    2.12
amortization of core deposit and other                                 .03                     .03                      .03                     .03                   .03                     .03                      .03                     .03
intangible assets (a)
diluted net operating earnings per                                   $3.79                    3.56                     3.29                    2.26                  2.04                    2.24                     2.38                    2.15
common share other expense other expense                                                     $802,162                 775,979                  776,577                 933,344               795,813                 806,025                  750,635                 787,852
amortization of core deposit and other                              (5,359   )              (6,143   )               (6,388   )              (6,632   )            (7,025   )              (7,808   )               (8,113   )              (8,420   )
intangible assets noninterest operating expense                                     $796,803                 769,836                  770,189                 926,712               788,788                 798,217                  742,522                 779,432
efficiency ratio noninterest operating expense (numerator)                         $796,803                 769,836                  770,189                 926,712               788,788                 798,217                  742,522                 779,432
taxable-equivalent net interest income                           1,064,918               1,034,771                1,014,184                 980,326               980,457                 965,962                  946,936                 922,259
other income                                                       480,596                 459,294                  457,414                 458,696               484,053                 459,429                  460,816                 446,845
less: gain (loss) on bank investment                                 4,219                  (3,415   )                2,326                  (9,431   )            21,296                       -                      (17   )                   -
securities denominator                                                     $1,541,295               1,497,480                1,469,272               1,448,453             1,443,214               1,425,391                1,407,769               1,369,104
efficiency ratio                                                     51.70   %               51.41   %                52.42   %               63.98   %             54.65   %               56.00   %                52.74   %               56.93   %
balance sheet data (in millions)
average assets average assets                                                    $117,799                 115,997                  116,413                 117,684               120,226                 119,515                  120,765                 122,978
goodwill                                                            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (50   )                 (55   )                  (62   )                 (68   )               (75   )                 (82   )                  (90   )                 (98   )
deferred taxes                                                          13                      14                       17                      18                    26                      32                       35                      39
average tangible assets                                           $113,169                 111,363                  111,775                 113,041               115,584                 114,872                  116,117                 118,326
average common equity average total equity                                               $15,389                  15,549                   15,533                  16,059                16,271                  16,301                   16,285                  16,323
preferred stock                                                     (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )            (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )
average common equity                                               14,157                  14,317                   14,301                  14,827                15,039                  15,069                   15,053                  15,091
goodwill                                                            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (50   )                 (55   )                  (62   )                 (68   )               (75   )                 (82   )                  (90   )                 (98   )
deferred taxes                                                          13                      14                       17                      18                    26                      32                       35                      39
average tangible common equity                                      $9,527                   9,683                    9,663                  10,184                10,397                  10,426                   10,405                  10,439
at end of quarter total assets total assets                                                      $120,097                 116,828                  118,426                 118,623               118,593                 120,402                  120,897                 123,223
goodwill                                                            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (47   )                 (52   )                  (59   )                 (65   )               (72   )                 (79   )                  (86   )                 (95   )
deferred taxes                                                          13                      14                       16                      17                    19                      31                       33                      38
total tangible assets                                             $115,470                 112,197                  113,790                 113,982               113,947                 115,761                  116,251                 118,573
total common equity total equity                                                       $15,460                  15,436                   15,578                  15,710                16,251                  16,318                   16,284                  16,213
preferred stock                                                     (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )            (1,232   )              (1,232   )               (1,232   )              (1,232   )
undeclared dividends - cumulative                                       (3   )                  (3   )                   (3   )                  (3   )                (3   )                  (3   )                   (3   )                  (3   )
preferred stock common equity, net of undeclared                                    14,225                  14,201                   14,343                  14,475                15,016                  15,083                   15,049                  14,978
cumulative preferred dividends goodwill                                                            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )            (4,593   )              (4,593   )               (4,593   )              (4,593   )
core deposit and other intangible assets                               (47   )                 (52   )                  (59   )                 (65   )               (72   )                 (79   )                  (86   )                 (95   )
deferred taxes                                                          13                      14                       16                      17                    19                      31                       33                      38
total tangible common equity                                        $9,598                   9,570                    9,707                   9,834                10,370                  10,442                   10,403                  10,328
(a)   after any related tax effect.

108
