item 1a.   risk factors factors affecting our future operating results we are subject to certain risks associated with our international operations and have a significant concentration of business in china.
we conduct business in many countries, including emerging markets in asia, latin america, and eastern europe, and these operations represent a significant portion of our sales and earnings. for example, our chinese operations accounted for 18% of sales to external customers, approximately 30% of our global production, and 37% of total segment profit during 2018. in addition to the currency risks discussed below, international operations pose other substantial risks and problems for us, including the following:
•   local tariffs and trade barriers;
•   countries may revise or alter their respective legal and regulatory requirements;
•   difficulties in staffing and managing local operations and/or mandatory salary increases;
•   credit risks arising from financial difficulties facing local customers and distributors;
•   difficulties in protecting intellectual property;
•   nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets, as we hold significant assets around the world in the form of property, plant, and equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable, as well as $145 million of cash at december 31, 2018 in our chinese subsidiaries;
•   restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership;
•   adverse tax consequences, including tax disputes, imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries;
•   other uncertain local economic, political, and social conditions, including hyper-inflationary conditions or periods of low or no productivity growth; and
•   credit tightening or reduction in credit availability for local customers.
we must also comply with regulations regarding the conversion and repatriation of funds earned in local currencies. for example, we need government approval to convert earnings from our operations in china into other currencies and to repatriate these funds. if we cannot comply with these or other applicable regulations, we may face increased difficulties in using cash generated in china.
we are required to comply with various import, export control, and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners, and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. in certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services, and technologies, and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. we follow all relevant laws and continue to do business in russia. sanctions imposed on business in russia may affect the economy and our business in russia. in addition, failure to comply with any of these regulations could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation.
growth in emerging markets, especially china, can be volatile and change quickly. while we experienced strong growth in china in 2018, we have also experienced sales declines in recent years and we may see volatility in the future. there is also currently economic uncertainty, including the potential impact of international trade/tariff disputes.
14
we sell primarily to companies in developed countries. an economic downturn in these countries could hurt our operating results.
most of our business is derived from companies in developed countries. economic uncertainty in many parts of the world, including international trade disputes and sovereign debt levels in the european union and the united states, are situations that we are monitoring closely. if developed countries were to experience slow growth or recession, we could see the following effects:
•   a drop in demand for our products;
•   companies being unable to finance their businesses;
•   difficulty in obtaining materials and supplies;
•   potential devaluation and/or impairment of assets;
•   difficulty in collecting accounts receivables;
•   an increase in accounts receivable write-offs; and
•   greater foreign exchange rate volatility affecting our profitability and cash flow.
economic downturns or recessions adversely affect our operating results because our customers often decrease or delay capital expenditures. customers may also purchase lower-cost products made by competitors and not resume purchasing our products even after economic conditions improve. these conditions would reduce our revenues and profitability.
in addition, a potential financial crisis on financial institutions globally would likely have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and our business.
currency fluctuations affect our operating profits.
our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. we are most sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the swiss franc, euro, and u.s. dollar. we have more swiss franc expenses than we do swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in switzerland. when the swiss franc strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the u.s. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. we also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. when the euro weakens against the u.s. dollar and swiss franc, our earnings also go down. we estimate a 1% strengthening of the swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately $1.6 million to $1.8 million annually.
we also conduct business throughout the world, including asia pacific, the united kingdom, eastern europe, latin america, and canada. fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar can also affect our operating results. the most significant of these currency exposures is the chinese renminbi. the impact on our earnings before tax of the chinese renminbi weakening 1% against the u.s. dollar is a reduction of approximately $1.5 million to $1.7 million annually.
in addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the u.s. dollar, the swiss franc, and euro. based on our outstanding debt at december 31, 2018, we estimate that a 10% weakening of the u.s. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of approximately $30.1 million in the reported u.s. dollar value of our debt.
15
concerns regarding the eurozone debt levels and market perception related to the instability of the euro could affect our operating profits.
we conduct business in many countries that use the euro as their currency (the eurozone). concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations. in addition, concerns in recent years have existed regarding the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual eurozone countries.
these concerns could lead to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more eurozone countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the euro currency entirely. should the euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of euro-denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. these potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated assets and obligations. in addition, concerns over the effect of this financial crisis on financial institutions in europe and globally could have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and, more specifically, on the ability of our company, our customers, suppliers, and lenders to finance their respective businesses, to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, on the availability of supplies and materials, and on the demand for our products.
we are vulnerable to system failures and data loss risks, which could harm our business.
we rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, support our customers, fulfill orders, and bill, collect, and make payments. our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, malicious employees or employee negligence, computer viruses, and other events. when we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data, or reduced functionality. a significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, fraudulent or negligent loss of assets, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, which could harm our reputation and financial condition. our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or data loss as a result of system failures.
customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage confidential information. though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible customers could lose confidential information stored on our products. if a customer alleges system failures in our products and/or software cause or contribute to a loss, we could face harm to our reputation and financial condition and legal liability.
we also are in the process of implementing a program to globalize our business processes and information technology systems that includes the implementation of a company-wide enterprise resource planning system. this has been proceeding on a staggered basis over several years with the initial go-live rollout having occurred in 2010. we have implemented the program in our swiss, chinese, u.k., benelux, german, and certain u.s. and southeast asia operations. we estimate that we have more than 80% of the program implemented, as measured in users. if the implementation is flawed, we could suffer interruptions in operations and customer-facing activities that could harm our reputation and financial condition or cause us to lose data, experience reduced functionality, or have delays in reporting financial information. it may take us longer to implement the program than we have planned, and the project may cost us more than we have estimated, either of which would negatively impact our ability to generate cost savings or other efficiencies. in addition, the implementation will increase our reliance on a single
16
information technology system, which would have greater consequences should we experience a system disruption.
our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by a cybersecurity attack.
as described in the above section, we rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders, support our customers, and bill, collect and make payments. our system and processes may be susceptible to damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents, such as terrorist or hacker attacks, the introduction of malicious computer viruses, ransomware, falsification of banking and other information, insider risk, or other security breaches. if there is a cybersecurity incident, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data, or reduced functionality. many of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality a cybersecurity incident could cause. security breaches of our systems which allow inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information and misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, customers, or suppliers could result in our suffering significant financial and reputational damage.
customer may use our products and/or software to generate or manage critical information. though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible that a cyber attack could result in the loss or compromise of critical information. if a customer alleges that a cyber attack causes or contributes to a loss or compromise of critical information, we could face harm to our reputation and financial condition.
while we attempt to mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing a number of proactive measures, including employee training and awareness, technical security controls, enhanced data protection, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. we believe our mitigation measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident. despite any precautions we may take, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation and financial condition and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to respond to such events. our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or asset or data loss as a result of cybersecurity incidents.
we operate in highly competitive markets, and it may be difficult for us to preserve operating margins, gain market share, and maintain a technological advantage.
our markets are highly competitive. many are fragmented both geographically and by application, particularly the industrial and food retailing markets. as a result, we face numerous regional or specialized competitors, many of which are well established in their markets. in addition, some of our competitors are divisions of larger companies with potentially greater financial and other resources than our own. there has also been an increase in the consolidation of precision instrument companies in recent years. any consolidation within our market could result in competitors becoming larger and having greater financial and other resources than our own. some of our competitors are domiciled or operate in emerging markets and may have a lower cost structure than ours. we are confronted with new competitors in emerging markets which, although relatively small in size today, could become larger companies in their home markets. given the sometimes significant growth rates of these emerging markets, and in light of their cost advantage over developed markets, emerging market competitors could become more significant global competitors. taken together, the competitive forces present in our markets could harm our operating margins. we expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices. although we believe that our products and services have advantages over our competitors, we may not be able to realize and maintain these advantages.
17
our ability to manufacture and deliver products and services may be disrupted.
we have key manufacturing facilities located in china, europe, and the united states. many of our products are developed and manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. in addition, a large portion of our products and spare parts are distributed through regional logistics centers, in which certain logistics activities are outsourced to third parties. if we experience any significant disruption in these facilities for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, cyber attacks, fire, earthquakes, hurricanes, or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to satisfy customer demand for our products or services and lose sales. it may be expensive to resolve these issues, even though some of these risks are covered by insurance policies. more importantly, customers may switch to competitors and may not return to us even if we resolve the interruption.
our business would suffer if we were unable to obtain supplies of material.
we purchase most of our raw materials, components, and supplies from multiple suppliers. some items are purchased from a limited or single source of supply, however, and disruption of these sources could affect our ability to manufacture products. even where multiple sources of materials and components are available, the quality of the alternative materials, regulatory and contractual requirements to qualify materials for use in manufacturing, and the time required to establish new relationships with reliable suppliers could result in manufacturing delays and possible loss of sales. if we are unable to obtain materials or components for an extended time, this could damage our customer relationships and harm our financial condition or results of operations.
our product development efforts may not produce commercially viable products in a timely manner.
if we do not introduce new products and enhancements, our products could become technologically obsolete over time, which would harm our operating results. to remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments in research and development, sales and marketing, and customer service and support. we cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make these investments. in developing new products, we may be required to make substantial investments before we can determine their commercial viability. as a result, we may not be successful in developing new products and we may never realize the benefits of our research and development activities.
a prolonged downturn or additional consolidation in the pharmaceutical, food and beverage, and chemical industries could adversely affect our operating results. a reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales.
our products are used extensively in the pharmaceutical, food and beverage, and chemical industries. consolidation in these industries hurt our sales in prior years. in recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation within these industries. a prolonged economic downturn or additional consolidation in any of these industries could adversely affect our operating results. in addition, the capital spending policies of our customers in these and other industries are based on a variety of factors we cannot control, including the resources available for purchasing equipment, the spending priorities among various types of equipment, and policies regarding capital expenditures. any decrease or delay in capital spending by our customers would cause our revenues to decline and could harm our profitability. a decline in government funding of research or education could reduce some customers' ability to purchase our products.
unanticipated changes in our tax rates or additional income tax liabilities could impact our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and various other jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to allocation of expenses among different jurisdictions. our
18
effective tax rates and tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or rates, changes in the mix of earnings by jurisdiction, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and material adjustments from tax audits.
in particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent upon our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. in addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability.
our tax expense and tax obligations could increase as a result of a changing application of tax law.
governments are facing greater pressure on public finances, which could lead to their more aggressively applying existing tax laws and regulations. governments also periodically change tax laws and regulations. any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations, on repatriation of dividends, earnings or capital, or on transfer pricing, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, could adversely affect our cash flow and increase our overall tax burden, which would negatively affect our profitability.
we face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control, which could harm our business.
we sell some products through third parties, including distributors and value-added resellers. this exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks, and compliance risks. we may rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue and net earnings. distributors may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. violations of the fcpa or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially impact our business. risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position.
a terrorism attack, other geopolitical crisis, or widespread outbreak of an illness or other health issue could negatively affect our business, making it more difficult and expensive to meet our obligations to our customers, and could result in reduced demand from our customers.
our global operations are susceptible to global events, including acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, political instability, and natural disasters. also, in past years a number of countries have experienced outbreaks of the h1n1 influenza (swine flu) or, in the asia pacific region, outbreaks of sars and/or avian influenza (bird flu), and more recently, ebola outbreaks in parts of africa. despite the implementation of certain precautions, we are susceptible to such outbreaks. as a result of such events, businesses can be shut down and individuals can become ill, quarantined, or otherwise unable to work. these events, particularly in north america, europe, china, or other locations significant to our operations, could adversely affect general commercial activity, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, business, or prospects. if our operations are curtailed, we may need to seek alternate sources of supply for services and staff and these alternate sources may be more expensive. alternate sources may not be available or may result in delays in shipments to our customers, each of which would affect our results of operations. in addition, a curtailment of our product design operations could result in delays in the development of new products. further, if our customers' businesses are similarly affected, they might delay or reduce purchases from us, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
19
if we cannot protect our intellectual property rights, or if we infringe or misappropriate the proprietary rights of others, our operating results could be harmed.
our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, and enforce patents on our technology, maintain our trademarks, and protect our trade secrets. our patents may not provide complete protection or may expire, and competitors may develop similar products that are not covered by our patents. our patents may also be challenged by third parties and invalidated or narrowed. we may experience a decline in sales and/or profitability if any of these things occur. competitors sometimes seek to take advantage of our trademarks or brands in ways that may create customer confusion or weaken our brand. improper use or disclosure of our trade secrets may still occur.
we may be sued for infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. the cost of any litigation could affect our profitability regardless of the outcome, and management attention could be diverted. if we are unsuccessful in such litigation, we may have to pay damages, stop the infringing activity, and/or obtain a license. if we fail to obtain a required license, we may be unable to sell some of our products, which could result in a decline in our revenues.
departures of key employees could impair our operations.
key employees could leave the company. if any key employees stopped working for us, our operations could be harmed. important r&d personnel may leave and join competitors, which could substantially delay or hinder ongoing development projects. we have no key man life insurance policies with respect to any of our senior executives.
we may be adversely affected by environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to various environmental laws and regulations and incur expenditures in complying with environmental laws and regulations. we are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in various facilities. in addition, some of our facilities are or have been in operation for many decades and may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are hazardous or may be considered hazardous in the future. these sites and disposal sites owned by others to which we sent waste may in the future be identified as contaminated and require remediation. accordingly, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that may harm our results of operations or financial condition.
we may be adversely affected by regulations and market expectations related to sourcing and our supply chain, including conflict minerals.
the sec has adopted disclosures and reporting requirements for companies whose products contain certain minerals and their derivatives, namely tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold, known as conflict minerals. companies must report annually whether or not such minerals originate from the democratic republic of congo (drc) and adjoining countries and in some cases perform extensive due diligence on their supply chains for such minerals. these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of materials used in the manufacturing of our products. in addition, we have incurred additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including cost related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals used in our products. since our supply chain is complex, the due diligence procedures that we have implemented may not enable us to ascertain with sufficient certainty the origins for these minerals or determine that these minerals are drc conflict free, which may harm our reputation. we may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who may require that our products be certified as drc conflict free, which could harm our relationships with these customers and/or lead to a loss of revenue. these requirements also could have the effect of limiting the pool of suppliers from which we source these minerals, and we may be unable to obtain conflict-free minerals at prices similar to the past, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our manufacturing operations and our profitability.
20
future laws, regulations, or customers may make additional demands on supply chain transparency. these demands can include more transparency into the activities of our suppliers with regard to human rights and sustainable sourcing. we have significant protections in place to ensure we partner with responsible suppliers, but increased demands may cause us to incur increased supply chain costs. if we can't satisfy customers' demands, we may lose business, and if we can't meet new regulatory requirements, we may have to alter our sourcing at increased expense.
we may be adversely affected by failure to comply with regulations of governmental agencies or by the adoption of new regulations. changes in united states trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, as well as other changes in political policy in the united states, china, the u.k., and certain european countries, may also impact global trade or create uncertainty impacting our business.
our products are subject to regulation by governmental agencies. these regulations govern a wide variety of activities relating to our products, including design and development, product safety, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales, and distribution. we also operate a global business and are subject to various laws and regulations in the many markets we do business, including those relating to competition, employment and labor practices, international trade, and corruption. if we fail to comply with these regulations, or if new regulations are adopted that substantially change existing practice or impose new burdens, we may have to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution. in addition, we could be subject to investigation costs, reputational harm, fines, criminal prosecution, and other damages that could impact our profitability.
changes in political policy in the united states, china, the u.k., and certain european countries may impact global trade or create uncertainty. the united states government has announced its intent to adopt a new approach to trade policy and in certain cases to renegotiate, or possibly terminate, certain existing trade agreements. the united states government has also initiated tariffs on certain foreign goods, particularly those produced in china, and has raised the possibility of imposing further tariff increases or expanding the scope of the tariffs. as a result, certain foreign governments, including the chinese government, have imposed retaliatory tariffs on goods that their countries import from the united states.
these actions may restrict our access to lower-cost countries or otherwise create uncertainty in global markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to import our products into certain countries. the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other government action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies could also lead to an economic downturn and/or could create unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates (see above description "currency fluctuations affect our operating profits"). in times of uncertainty, some customers delay investments or defer normal replacement cycles, which could have an adverse impact on our sales. the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies have the potential to adversely impact our business and financial performance.
in june 2016, voters in the u.k. approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit". the timing of the proposed exit is currently scheduled for march 2019, with a transition period running through december 2020. brexit has created political and economic uncertainty that may have a negative impact on u.k., european and global economic conditions, international trade flows, and foreign currency translation. at this time, we cannot predict the potential impact of brexit on our business. however, brexit could adversely effect our operating results and financial condition.
21
we may face risks associated with future acquisitions.
we may pursue acquisitions of complementary product lines, technologies, or businesses. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the acquired operations, technologies, and products; diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; and potential departures of key employees of the acquired company. if we successfully identify acquisitions in the future, completing such acquisitions may result in new issuances of our stock that may be dilutive to current owners, increases in our debt and contingent liabilities, and additional amortization expense related to intangible assets. any of these acquisition-related risks could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
larger companies have identified life sciences and instruments as businesses they will consider entering, which could change the competitive dynamics of these markets. in addition, we may not be able to identify, successfully complete, or integrate potential acquisitions in the future. even if we can do so, we cannot be sure that these acquisitions will have a positive impact on our business or operating results. we are also required to estimate the fair value of certain assets acquired or liabilities assumed. such fair values may be based on valuation models which are subject to inherent uncertainties and our judgments regarding certain assumptions.
we may experience impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2018, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $534.8 million and other intangible assets of $217.3 million.
our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. we make estimates and assumptions in valuing such intangible assets that affect our consolidated financial statements.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. the evaluation may be based on valuation models that estimate fair value. in preparing the valuation models, we consider a number of factors, including operating results, business plans, economic conditions, future cash flows, and transactions and market data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. the significant estimates and assumptions within our fair value models include sales growth, controllable cost growth, perpetual growth, effective tax rates, and discount rates. our assessments to date have indicated that there has been no impairment of these assets.
should any of these estimates or assumptions change, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, including from a prolonged economic slowdown, we may experience a triggering event that requires a new fair value assessment for our reporting units, possibly prior to the required annual assessment. these types of events and resulting analysis could result in impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets if the fair value estimate declines below the carrying value.
our amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives may materially change should our estimates of their useful lives change.
we have debt and we may incur substantially more debt, which could affect our ability to meet our debt obligations and may otherwise restrict our activities.
we have debt and we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. as of december 31, 2018, we had total indebtedness of approximately $856.6 million, net of cash of $178.1 million. our debt instruments allow us to incur substantial additional indebtedness.
22
the existence and magnitude of our debt could have important consequences. for example, it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt instruments; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development, and other corporate requirements; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in raw material costs; limit our ability to respond to business opportunities; limit our ability to borrow additional funds, which may be necessary; and subject us to financial and other restrictive covenants, which, if we fail to comply with these covenants and our failure is not waived or cured, could result in an event of default under our debt instruments.
the agreements governing our debt impose restrictions on our business.
the note purchase agreements governing our notes and the agreements governing our credit facility contain covenants imposing various restrictions on our business. these restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. the restrictions these covenants place on us include limitations on our ability to incur liens and consolidate, merge, sell, or lease all or substantially all of our assets. our credit facility and the note purchase agreements governing our senior notes also require us to meet certain financial ratios.
our ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including economic, financial, and industry conditions. the breach of any covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the note purchase agreements governing the senior notes and/or under our credit facility. an event of default under the agreements governing our debt would permit holders of our debt to declare all amounts owed to them under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. acceleration of our other indebtedness may cause us to be unable to make interest payments on the senior notes and repay the principal amount of the senior notes.
the lenders under our credit agreement may be unable to meet their funding commitments, reducing the amount of our borrowing capacity.
we have a revolving credit facility outstanding under which the company and certain of its subsidiaries may borrow up to $1.1 billion. our credit facility is provided by a group of 15 financial institutions, which individually have between 1% and 11% of the total funding commitment. at december 31, 2018, we had borrowings of $493.2 million outstanding under our credit facility. our ability to borrow further funds under our credit facility is subject to the various lenders' financial condition and ability to make funds available. even though the financial institutions are contractually obligated to lend funds, if one or more of the lenders encounters financial difficulties or goes bankrupt, such lenders may be unable to meet their obligations. this could result in us being unable to borrow the full $1.1 billion amount available.
we make forward-looking statements, and actual events or results may differ materially from these statements because assumptions we have made prove incorrect due to market conditions in our industries or other factors.
we provide forward-looking statements both in our filings with the sec and orally in connection with our quarterly earnings calls, including guidance on anticipated earnings per share. you should not rely on forward-looking statements to predict our actual results. our actual results or performance may be materially different than reflected in forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties.
our forward-looking statements may not be accurate or complete, and we do not intend to update or revise them in light of actual results. new risks also periodically arise. please consider the risks and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from what is described in our forward-looking
23
statements. see in particular "factors affecting our future operating results" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
in providing guidance on our future earnings, we evaluate our budgets, strategic plans, and other factors relating to our business. we make assumptions about external factors, including the following:
•   the outlook for our end markets and the global economy;
•   the impact of external factors on our competition;
•   the financial position of our customers and their willingness to pay for our products and services;
•   the estimated costs of purchasing materials;
•   developments in personnel costs;
•   our estimated income tax expense; and
•   rates for currency exchange, particularly between the swiss franc and the euro.
some of these assumptions may prove to be incorrect over time. for example, although no single end-customer accounts for more than 1% of our revenues, if a number of our customers experienced significant deteriorations in their financial positions concurrently, it could have an impact on our results of operations.
some of our key internal assumptions include the following:
•   our ability to implement our business strategy;
•   our ability to implement price increases as forecasted;
•   the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs such as our spinnaker and market penetration, and field turbo initiatives;
•   the effectiveness of our programs to improve our service business, including growth, globalization, and productivity initiatives;
•   our ability to develop and deliver innovative products and services;
•   the continued growth of our sales in emerging markets; and
•   the effectiveness of productivity and cost saving initiatives.
these internal assumptions may also prove to be incorrect over time. for example, with respect to our ability to realize our planned price increases without disturbing our customer base in core markets, in certain markets, such as emerging markets, price tends to be a more significant factor in customers' decisions to purchase our products and services. furthermore, we can have no assurance that our cost reduction programs will generate adequate cost savings. additionally, it may become necessary to take additional restructuring actions resulting in additional restructuring costs.
we believe our current assumptions are reasonable and prudent for planning purposes. however, should any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, we may experience results different than our projections.
our ability to generate and repatriate cash depends in part on factors beyond our control.
our ability to make payments on our debt and to fund our share repurchase program, planned capital expenditures, and research and development efforts depends on our ability to generate and repatriate cash in the future. this is subject to factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, governmental, and other factors described in this section.
we cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. we cannot ensure that we will be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facility and the senior notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
24
our ability to fund our share repurchase program is also dependent on our ability to repatriate our international cash flows. changes in governmental cash repatriation policies, restrictions, or tax laws could impair our ability to continue our share repurchase program.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements.
changes in local currencies exclude the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations. local currency amounts are determined by translating current and previous year consolidated financial information at an index utilizing historical currency exchange rates. we believe local currency information provides a helpful assessment of business performance and a useful measure of results between periods. we do not, nor do we suggest that investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. we present non-gaap financial measures in reporting our financial results to provide investors with an additional analytical tool to evaluate our operating results.
we also include in the discussion below disclosures of immaterial qualitative factors that are not quantified. although the impact of such factors is not considered material, we believe these disclosures can be useful in evaluating our operating results.
overview we operate a global business with sales that are diversified by geographic region, product range, and customer. we hold leading positions worldwide in many of our markets and attribute this leadership to several factors, including the strength of our brand name and reputation, our comprehensive offering of innovative instruments and solutions, and the breadth and quality of our global sales and service network.
net sales in u.s. dollars increased 8% in 2018 and 9% in 2017. excluding the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations, or in local currencies, net sales increased 6% in 2018 and 8% in 2017. net sales growth in local currencies during 2018 reflected strong execution of our growth initiatives and favorable global market conditions. we expect to continue to benefit from our strong global leadership positions, diversified customer base, innovative product offering, investment in emerging markets, significant installed base, and the impact of our global sales and marketing programs. examples of these programs include identifying and investing in growth and market penetration opportunities, more effectively pricing our products and services, increasing our sales force effectiveness through improved guidance, and continuing to optimize our lead generation and lead nurturing processes. however, economic conditions can also change quickly, particularly in emerging markets, and it is uncertain that favorable market conditions will continue. we also remain cautious as economic uncertainties exist in certain regions of the world, especially the potential impact of international trade/tariff disputes.
with respect to our end-user markets, we experienced increased results during 2018 versus the prior year in our laboratory-related markets, such as pharmaceutical and biotech customers, as well as the laboratories of chemical companies and food and beverage companies. demand from these markets was
31
favorable during 2018. the local currency increase in net sales of our laboratory-related products during 2018 was driven by strong growth in most product categories.
our industrial markets experienced favorable market conditions in china with strong growth despite challenging prior period comparisons. emerging market economies have historically been an important source of growth based upon the expansion of their domestic economies, as well as increased exports as companies have moved production to low-cost countries. however, our core industrial-related products are especially sensitive to changes in economic growth. we also expect our industrial markets to continue to benefit from our customers' focus on brand protection and food safety within our product inspection end-market.
our food retailing sales increased during 2018 with strong project activity in the americas. traditionally the spending levels in this sector have experienced more volatility than our other customer sectors due to the timing of customer project activity and new regulations.
in 2019, we expect to continue to pursue the overall business growth strategies which we have followed in recent years:
gaining market share. our global sales and marketing initiative, "spinnaker," continues to be an important growth strategy. for example, over the past few years, we have added field sales and service resources to pursue under-penetrated market opportunities and will look to continue to make investments to front-end resources in 2019. we also aim to gain market share by implementing sophisticated sales and marketing programs, leveraging our extensive customer databases, and leveraging our product offering to larger customers through key account management. while this initiative is broad-based, efforts to improve these processes include leveraging big data analytics to identify, prioritize, and pursue growth opportunities, the implementation of more effective pricing and value-based selling strategies and processes, improved sales force guidance, training and effectiveness, cross-selling, increased segment marketing, and leads generation and nurturing activities. our comprehensive service offerings, and our initiatives to globalize and harmonize these offerings, help us further penetrate developed markets. we estimate that we have the largest installed base of weighing instruments in the world, and we continue to leverage big data analytics and invest in sales and marketing activities aimed at increasing the proportion of our installed base that is under service contract, or selling new products that replace old products in our installed base. in addition to traditional repair and maintenance, our service offerings continue to expand into value-added services for a range of market needs, including regulatory compliance.
expanding emerging markets. emerging markets, comprising asia (excluding japan), eastern europe, latin america, the middle east, and africa, account for approximately 35% of our total net sales. we have a two-pronged strategy in emerging markets: first, to capitalize on long-term growth opportunities in these markets, and second, to leverage our low-cost manufacturing operations in china. we have approximately a 30-year track record in china, and our sales in asia have grown more than 14% on a compound annual growth basis in local currencies since 1999. over the years, we have also broadened our product offering to the asian markets. india has also been a source of emerging market sales growth in past years due to increased life science research activities. overall, market conditions in emerging markets were favorable during 2018. we experienced a 10% increase in emerging market local currency sales during 2018 versus the prior year, which included 13% local currency sales growth in china. within china, we continue to redeploy resources and sales and marketing efforts to the faster-growing segments of pharma, food safety, chemical, and environment. we believe the long-term growth of these segments will be favorably impacted by the chinese government's emphasis on science, high-value industries, and product quality. we expect our laboratory and product inspection businesses will particularly benefit from these segments. we also continue to invest and add sales and marketing resources to pursue growth in under-penetrated emerging markets. however, emerging market sales can
32
be volatile. while chinese market conditions are currently favorable, there is uncertainty, including the potential impact of international trade disputes. the chinese economy has historically been volatile and market conditions may change unfavorably due to various factors.
extending our technology lead. we continue to focus on product innovation. in the last three years, we spent approximately 5% of net sales on research and development. we seek to accelerate product replacement cycles, as well as improve our product offerings and their capabilities with additional integrated technologies and software which also supports our pricing differentiation. in addition, we aim to create value for our customers by having an intimate knowledge of their processes via our significant installed product base.
expanding our margins. we continue to strive to improve our margins by more effectively pricing our products and services and optimizing our cost structure. for example, sophisticated data analytic tools provide us new insights to further refine our price strategies and processes. we also focus on reallocating resources and better aligning our cost structure to support our investments in market penetration initiatives, higher-growth areas, and opportunities for margin improvement. we have also initiated various cost reduction programs over the past few years. as previously mentioned, shifting production to china has also been an important component of our cost savings initiatives. we have also implemented global procurement and supply chain management programs over the last several years aimed at lowering supply costs, and have further increased our focus on these programs during the past two years with the global launch of our sterndrive initiative. sterndrive is our global program for continuous improvement efforts within our supply chain, manufacturing, and back-office operations. blue ocean is also an important enabler of our various margin expansion initiatives. our move to standardized business processes, systems, and data structures throughout our global organization provides greater data transparency and faster access to real-time data. our cost leadership and productivity initiatives are also focused on continuously improving our invested capital efficiency, such as reducing our working capital levels and ensuring appropriate returns on our expenditures.
pursuing strategic acquisitions. we seek to pursue "bolt-on" acquisitions that may leverage our global sales and service network, respected brand, extensive distribution channels, and technological leadership. we have identified life sciences, product inspection, and process analytics as three key areas for acquisitions. for example, during 2017, we acquired the shares of biotix, inc., a u.s.-based manufacturer and distributor of plastic consumables associated with pipettes, including tips, tubes, and reagent reservoirs used in the life sciences market, for an initial cash payment of $105 million plus additional cash consideration of $10 million that will be paid in the first quarter of 2019.
results of operations - consolidated net sales net sales were $2.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $2.7 billion in 2017 and $2.5 billion in 2016. this represents an increase of 8% in 2018 and 9% in 2017 in u.s. dollars and an increase of 6% and 8% in local currencies, respectively. the biotix and troemner acquisitions contributed approximately 1% to local currency sales in 2018 and 2017. global market conditions were favorable during 2018, and we continue to benefit from the execution of our global sales and marketing programs, our innovative product portfolio, and investments in our field resources. however, we remain cautious as market conditions are subject to change and economic uncertainties exist, particularly concerning international trade/tariff disputes.
in 2018, our net sales by geographic destination increased in u.s. dollars 5% in the americas, 7% in europe, and 12% in asia/rest of world. in local currencies, our net sales by geographic destination increased in 2018 by 5% in the americas, 4% in europe, and 10% in asia/rest of world. the biotix and
33
troemner acquisitions contributed approximately 1% and 2% to net sales in the americas during 2018 and 2017, respectively. a discussion of sales by operating segment is included below.
as described in note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements, our net sales comprise product sales of precision instruments and related services. service revenues are primarily derived from repair and other services, including regulatory compliance qualification, calibration, certification, preventative maintenance, and spare parts.
net sales of products increased 8% in u.s. dollars and 6% in local currencies during 2018 and increased 9% in both u.s. dollars and in local currencies in 2017. the biotix and troemner acquisitions contributed approximately 1% and 2% to our net sales of products during 2018 and 2017, respectively. service revenue (including spare parts) increased 8% in u.s. dollars and 6% in local currencies in 2018 and increased 7% in both u.s. dollars and in local currencies in 2017.
net sales of our laboratory products and services, which represented approximately 51% of our total net sales in 2018, increased 11% in u.s. dollars and 9% in local currencies during 2018. the local currency increase in net sales of our laboratory products during 2018 includes strong growth in most product categories, especially process analytics, pipettes, and automated chemistry. the biotix acquisition also contributed approximately 2% to our net sales growth of laboratory-related products and services.
net sales of our industrial products and services, which represented approximately 41% of our total net sales in 2018, increased 5% in u.s. dollars and 3% in local currencies during 2018. the local currency increase in net sales of our industrial products includes growth in core-industrial, offset in part by a slight decline in product inspection.
net sales of our food retailing products and services, which represented approximately 8% of our total net sales in 2018, increased 5% in u.s. dollars and 3% in local currencies during 2018. food retailing experienced strong project activity in the americas, while net sales in europe declined in 2018 related to reduced customer activity.
gross profit gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 57.4% for 2018, compared to 57.8% for 2017 and 57.3% for 2016.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales for products was 60.3% for 2018, compared to 61.1% for 2017 and 60.9% for 2016. gross profit as a percentage of net sales for services (including spare parts) was 47.0% for 2018, compared to 46.1% for 2017 and 44.6% for 2016.
the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales for 2018 was primarily due to initial costs associated with a new manufacturing facility and product introductions, tariff costs, and unfavorable business mix, offset in part by favorable price realization.
in 2018, the u.s. government enacted tariffs on certain products imported from china. the tariffs became effective at various points during 2018. we estimate the associated annualized cost increase is approximately $25 million (assuming a 25% tariff rate). we continue to evaluate and implement various actions to mitigate the effect of these tariffs.
research and development and selling, general, and administrative expenses research and development expenses as a percentage of net sales were 4.8% for 2018, 4.7% for 2017, and 4.8% for 2016. research and development expenses in u.s. dollars increased 11% in 2018 and 8% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 9% in 2018 and 8% in 2017, relating to increased project activity.
34
selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 27.7% for 2018, compared to 28.9% for 2017 and 29.2% for 2016. selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 2% in u.s. dollars and 1% in local currencies in 2018 and increased 8% in both u.s. dollars and local currencies in 2017. the increase during 2018 includes investments in our field sales organization and growth initiatives, offset in part by benefits from our cost savings initiatives and lower variable cash incentives.
amortization expense amortization expense was $47.5 million in 2018, compared to $42.7 million and $36.1 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in amortization expense is primarily related to our investments in information technology, including the company's blue ocean program, as well as the biotix acquisition.
restructuring charges during the past few years, we initiated various cost reduction measures. for the year ended december 31, 2018, we have incurred $18.4 million of restructuring expenses which primarily comprise employee-related costs. see note 15 and note 18 to our audited consolidated financial statements for a summary of restructuring activity during 2018.
other charges (income), net other charges (income), net consisted of net income of $21.8 million, $9.9 million and $1.3 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. other charges (income), net includes non-service pension costs (benefits), net (gains) losses from foreign currency transactions and hedging activities, interest income, and other items. non-service pension benefits were $6.2 million, $4.0 million and $9.8 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. other charges (income), net in 2018 also includes a one-time gain of $18.7 million associated with the settlement of the biotix acquisition contingent consideration, as well as a one time legal charge of $3 million. other charges (income), net includes $1.7 million and $1.1 million of acquisition costs during 2017 and 2016, respectively. other charges (income), net for 2017 also includes a one-time gain of $3.4 million relating to the sale of a facility in switzerland in connection with our initiative to consolidate certain swiss operations into a new facility, while 2016 includes a one-time non-cash pension settlement charge of $8.2 million related to a lump sum offering to former employees of our u.s. pension plan.
interest expense and taxes interest expense was $34.5 million for 2018, compared to $32.8 million for 2017 and $28.0 million for 2016.
our reported tax rate was 21.4% during 2018, compared to 34.5% and 23.8% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the 2018 and 2017 reported tax rates include charges of $3.6 million and $72 million, respectively, associated with the tax cuts and jobs act described below.
35
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("the act") significantly revised u.s. corporate income tax law. the act includes, among other things, a reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017, and the implementation of a modified territorial tax system that includes a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries ("transition tax") that is payable over a period of up to eight years. the tax effects of the act are reflected in note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
in connection with the act, we recorded charges of $3.6 million and $72 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. these amounts include an aggregate cash charge of $62 million for un-repatriated foreign earnings which is expected to be paid over a period of up to eight years beginning in 2018, and a non-cash charge of $13 million related to certain deferred tax and other non-cash items.
our accounting for the above items is based upon reasonable estimates of the tax effects of the act; however, our estimates may change upon additional interpretive guidance from regulatory authorities.
results of operations - by operating segment the following is a discussion of the financial results of our operating segments. we currently have five reportable segments: u.s. operations, swiss operations, western european operations, chinese operations, and other. a more detailed description of these segments is outlined in note 17 to our audited consolidated financial statements.
u.s. operations (amounts in thousands)
2018                                                  2017                    2016                         increase          increase
(decrease) in %   (decrease) in %
2018 vs. 2017     2017 vs. 2016
net sales                            $1,112,256              $1,043,942              $958,542                    7%                9%
net sales to external customers      $1,007,798                $944,825              $867,962                    7%                9%
segment profit                         $161,615                $177,705              $161,539                  (9)%               10%
the increase in both total net sales and net sales to external customers of 7% in 2018 reflects particularly strong results in our laboratory products, as well as strong food retailing project activity. these results were offset in part by a decrease in product inspection which had strong growth in 2017. net sales to external customers in our u.s. operations during 2018 also benefited approximately 3% from the biotix acquisition.
segment profit decreased $16.1 million in our u.s. operations segment during 2018, compared to an increase of $16.2 million during 2017, primarily due to initial costs associated with a new manufacturing facility and new product introductions, continued investments in our field and service organization, and increased tariff costs, offset in part by benefits from our margin expansion initiatives.
swiss operations (amounts in thousands)
2018                                                2017                  2016                             increase              increase
(decrease) in % (1)   (decrease) in % (1)
2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
net sales                            $762,593              $697,008              $655,657                        9%                    6%
net sales to external customers      $134,064              $133,925              $130,674                        0%                    2%
segment profit                       $202,027              $174,447              $163,663                       16%                    7%
(1)   represents u.s. dollar growth for net sales and segment profit.
total net sales in u.s. dollars increased 9% in 2018 and 6% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 9% in 2018 and 6% in 2017. net sales to external customers in u.s. dollars and local currencies
36
were flat in 2018, compared to an increase of 2% in u.s dollars and local currencies in 2017. net sales to external customers includes growth in industrial-related products, offset by a decline in food retailing.
segment profit increased $27.6 million in our swiss operations segment during 2018, compared to an increase of $10.8 million during 2017. segment profit includes the impact of increased inter-segment sales volume, our margin expansion initiatives, and favorable currency translation, offset in part by higher research and development activity.
western european operations (amounts in thousands)
2018                                                2017                  2016                             increase              increase
(decrease) in % (1)   (decrease) in % (1)
2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
net sales                            $895,783              $844,596              $817,059                        6%                    3%
net sales to external customers      $718,788              $673,776              $640,558                        7%                    5%
segment profit                       $122,574              $123,841              $129,001                      (1)%                  (4)%
(1)   represents u.s. dollar growth for net sales and segment profit.
total net sales in u.s. dollars increased 6% in 2018 and 3% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 2% in both 2018 and 2017. net sales to external customers in u.s. dollars increased 7% in 2018 and 5% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 3% in both 2018 and 2017. the increase in local currency net sales to external customers during 2018 includes growth in most product categories, offset in part by a decline in food retailing related to reduced project activity.
segment profit decreased $1.3 million in our western european operations segment during 2018, compared to a decrease of $5.2 million in 2017. the decrease in segment profit for 2018 includes higher research and development activity, an inter-segment product transfer, and roll-in costs associated with our blue ocean program, offset by benefits from our margin expansion initiatives and favorable currency translation.
chinese operations (amounts in thousands)
2018                                                2017                  2016                             increase              increase
(decrease) in % (1)   (decrease) in % (1)
2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
net sales                            $767,561              $685,499              $606,307                       12%                   13%
net sales to external customers      $525,109              $452,617              $386,541                       16%                   17%
segment profit                       $270,668              $231,860              $187,924                       17%                   23%
(1)   represents u.s. dollar growth for net sales and segment profit.
total net sales in u.s. dollars increased 12% in 2018 and 13% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 10% in 2018 and 15% in 2017. net sales by origin to external customers in u.s. dollars increased 16% in 2018 and 17% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 14% in 2018 and 19% in 2017. the increase in net sales to external customers during 2018 reflects strong growth in most product categories, especially laboratory products. while chinese market conditions are currently favorable, there is uncertainty, including the potential impact of international trade/tariff disputes. the chinese economy has historically been volatile and market conditions may change unfavorably due to various factors.
segment profit increased $38.8 million in our chinese operations segment during 2018, compared to an increase of $43.9 million in 2017. the increase in segment profit during 2018 includes increased net sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion and cost savings initiatives, offset in part by incremental investments in sales and marketing.
37
other (amounts in thousands)
2018                                                2017                  2016                             increase              increase
(decrease) in % (1)   (decrease) in % (1)
2018 vs. 2017         2017 vs. 2016
net sales                            $556,370              $527,844              $490,231                        5%                    8%
net sales to external customers      $549,827              $519,910              $482,522                        6%                    8%
segment profit                        $78,317               $72,681               $64,146                        8%                   13%
(1)   represents u.s. dollar growth for net sales and segment profit.
other includes reporting units in southeast asia, latin america, eastern europe, and other countries. total net sales and net sales to external customers in u.s. dollars increased 5% in 2018 and 8% in 2017, and in local currencies increased 5% and 6% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. local currency sales growth during 2018 reflects strong growth in laboratory and core-industrial products.
segment profit increased $5.6 million in our other segment during 2018, compared to an increase of $8.5 million during 2017. the increase in segment profit during 2018 is primarily due to our increased sales volume, benefits from our margin expansion initiatives, and favorable foreign currency translation, offset in part by increased sales and service investments.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities to meet our obligations and commitments. in addition, liquidity includes the ability to obtain appropriate financing. currently, our financing requirements are primarily driven by working capital requirements, capital expenditures, share repurchases, and acquisitions. global market conditions can be uncertain, and our ability to generate cash flows could be reduced by a deterioration in global markets.
cash provided by operating activities totaled $565.0 million in 2018, compared to $516.3 million in 2017 and $460.8 million in 2016. the increase in 2018 is primarily related to higher net earnings, offset in part by higher cash incentive payments, the timing of tax payments, and a transition tax payment of $4.2 million (see below).
capital expenditures are made primarily for investments in information systems and technology, machinery, equipment, and the purchase and expansion of facilities. our capital expenditures totaled $142.7 million in 2018, $127.4 million in 2017, and $124.0 million in 2016. the increase is primarily related to investments in manufacturing facilities and information technology. we expect to make net investments in a new manufacturing facility of approximately $15 million over the next two years.
cash flows used in financing activities during 2018 included share repurchases. as further described below, in accordance with our share repurchase plan, we repurchased 802,809 shares and 749,254 shares in the amount of $475 million and $400 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively.
we continue to explore potential acquisitions. in connection with any acquisition, we may incur additional indebtedness. as further described in note 4 of our consolidated financial statements, in the third quarter of 2017, we acquired all of the shares of biotix, inc., a u.s.-based manufacturer and distributor of plastic consumables associated with pipettes, including tips, tubes, and reagent reservoirs used in the life sciences market, for an initial cash payment of $105 million plus additional cash consideration of $10 million that will be paid in the first quarter of 2019. we also recorded a one-time gain of $18.7 million during 2018 related to the settlement of the biotix acquisition contingent consideration.
in 2018 and 2017, we also incurred additional acquisition payments totaling $5.5 million and $2.1 million, respectively.
38
as previously described, we recorded charges of $3.6 million and $72 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively, for the estimated income tax effects of the transition tax associated with the tax cuts and jobs act of which $62 million is expected to be paid over a period of up to eight years. we also plan to continue to repatriate earnings from china, switzerland, germany, the united kingdom, and certain other countries in future years and expect the only additional cost associated with the repatriation of such foreign earnings will be withholding taxes. all other undistributed earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested. we believe the ongoing tax impact associated with repatriating our undistributed foreign earnings will not have a material effect on our liquidity.
senior notes as further described in note 10 of our consolidated financial statements, we have the following senior notes.
in 2012, we issued and sold $50 million of 3.67% senior notes due december 17, 2022 in a private placement. the 3.67% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company. interest is payable semi-annually in june and december.
in 2013, we issued and sold $50 million of 4.10% senior notes due september 19, 2023 in a private placement. the 4.10% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company. interest on the 4.10% senior notes is payable semi-annually in march and september of each year.
in 2014, we entered into an agreement to issue and sell $250 million of ten-year senior notes in a private placement. we issued $125 million with a fixed interest rate of 3.84% ("3.84% senior notes") in september 2014 and issued $125 million with a fixed interest rate of 4.24% ("4.24% senior notes") in june 2015. the senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company. interest on the 3.84% senior notes is payable semi-annually in march and september each year. interest on the 4.24% senior notes is payable semi-annually in june and december each year.
in 2015, we issued in a private placement euro 125 million fifteen-year senior notes with a fixed interest rate of 1.47% ("1.47% euro senior notes"). the euro senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company. we have designated the 1.47% euro senior notes as a hedge of a portion of our net investment in a euro-denominated foreign subsidiary to reduce foreign currency translation risk associated with this net investment. changes in the carrying value of this debt resulting from fluctuations in the euro to u.s. dollar exchange rate are recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within other comprehensive income (loss). we recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) related to this net investment hedge an unrealized gain of $6.7 million and an unrealized loss of $18.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
credit agreement in 2018, we entered into an amended $1.1 billion credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), which amended our $800 million amended and restated credit agreement (the "prior credit agreement"). the credit agreement is provided by a group of financial institutions (similar to our prior credit agreement) and has a maturity date of june 15, 2023. it is a revolving credit facility and is not subject to any scheduled principal payments prior to maturity. the obligations under the credit agreement are unsecured.
borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at current market rates plus a margin based on our consolidated leverage ratio, which was, as of december 31, 2018, set at libor plus 87.5 basis points. we must also pay facility fees that are tied to our leverage ratio. as of december 31, 2018, approximately $600.7 million was available under the facility.
39
other local arrangements in april 2018, two of our non-u.s. pension plans issued loans totaling $39.6 million (swiss franc 38 million) to a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. the loans have the same terms and conditions which include an interest rate of swiss franc libor plus 87.5 basis points, a maturity date of april 2019 and a one year mutual renewal term and, as such, are classified as short-term debt on our consolidated balance sheet. the proceeds were used to repay outstanding amounts on the company's credit facility.
our short-term borrowings and long-term debt consisted of the following at december 31, 2018:
u.s. dollar         other principaltrading currencies             total
3.67% $50 million senior notes due december 17, 2022                             $50,000                                $-                     $50,000
4.10% $50 million senior notes due september 19, 2023                             50,000                                 -                      50,000
3.84% $125 million senior notes due september 19, 2024                           125,000                                 -                     125,000
4.24% $125 million senior notes due june 25, 2025                                125,000                                 -                     125,000
1.47% eur 125 million senior notes due june 17, 2030                                   -                           143,053                     143,053
senior notes debt issuance costs, net                                               (906     )                        (328             )        (1,234   )
total senior notes                                                               349,094                           142,725                     491,819
$1.1 billion credit agreement, interest at libor plus 87.5 basis points(1)       414,444                            78,758                     493,202
other local arrangements                                                             654                            49,016                      49,670
total debt                                                                       764,192                           270,499                   1,034,691
less: current portion                                                               (654     )                     (49,016             )       (49,670   )
total long-term debt                                                            $763,538                          $221,483                    $985,021
(1) see note 6 for additional disclosures on the financial instruments associated with the credit agreement.
changes in exchange rates between the currencies in which we generate cash flow and the currencies in which our borrowings are denominated affect our liquidity. in addition, because we borrow in a variety of currencies, our debt balances fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates. further, we do not have any downgrade triggers relating to ratings from rating agencies that would accelerate the maturity dates of our debt.
we currently believe that cash flows from operating activities, together with liquidity available under our credit agreement and local working capital facilities, will be sufficient to fund currently anticipated working capital needs and capital spending requirements for at least the foreseeable future.
40
contractual obligations the following summarizes certain of our contractual obligations at december 31, 2018 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. we do not have significant outstanding letters of credit or other financial commitments.
payments due by period total            less than 1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years       after 5 years short- and long-term debt                   $1,035,926                 $49,670                        $-                $593,203             $393,053
interest on debt                               173,728                  30,679                    64,131                  53,920             24,998
non-cancelable operating leases                 95,241                  32,113                    40,757                  17,290             5,081
pension and post-retirement funding(1)          25,804                  25,804                         -                       -             -
purchase obligations                            64,150                  46,438                    10,783                   6,929             -
biotix contingent consideration                 10,000                  10,000                         -                       -             -
total(1)                                    $1,404,849                $194,704                  $115,671                $671,342             $423,132
(1)   in addition to the above table, we also have liabilities for pension and post-retirement funding and income taxes (and transition tax liabilities of $49 million). however, we cannot determine the timing or the amounts for income taxes or the timing and amounts beyond 2019 for pension and post-retirement funding.
we have purchase commitments for materials, supplies, services, and fixed assets in the normal course of business. due to the proprietary nature of many of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts contain penalty provisions. we do not expect potential payments under these provisions to materially affect our results of operations or financial condition. this conclusion is based upon reasonably likely outcomes derived by reference to historical experience and current business plans.
share repurchase program in november 2018, the company's board of directors authorized an additional $2.0 billion to the share repurchase program which has $2.1 billion of remaining availability as of december 31, 2018. the share repurchases are expected to be funded from cash generated from operating activities, borrowings, and cash balances. repurchases will be made through open market transactions, and the amount and timing of purchases will depend on business and market conditions, the stock price, trading restrictions, the level of acquisition activity, and other factors.
we have purchased 27.5 million common shares since the inception of the program in 2004 through december 31, 2018, at a total cost of $4.4 billion. during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, we spent $475 million and $400 million on the repurchase of 802,809 shares and 749,254 shares at an average price per share of $591.65 and $533.84, respectively. we reissued 183,379 shares and 270,413 shares held in treasury for the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units during 2018 and 2017, respectively.
off-balance sheet arrangements currently, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material.
effect of currency on results of operations our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. we are most sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the swiss franc, euro, and u.s. dollar. we have more swiss franc expenses than we do swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in switzerland. when the swiss franc
41
strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the u.s. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. we also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. when the euro weakens against the u.s. dollar and swiss franc, our earnings also go down. we estimate a 1% strengthening of the swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately $1.6 million to $1.8 million annually.
we also conduct business throughout the world, including asia pacific, the united kingdom, eastern europe, latin america, and canada. fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar can also affect our operating results. the most significant of these currency exposures is the chinese renminbi. the impact on our earnings before tax of the chinese renminbi weakening 1% against the u.s. dollar is a reduction of approximately $1.5 million to $1.7 million annually.
in addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the u.s. dollar, the swiss franc, and euro. based on our outstanding debt at december 31, 2018, we estimate that a 10% weakening of the u.s. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of approximately $30.1 million in the reported u.s. dollar value of our debt.
taxes we are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions throughout the world. our effective tax rate and tax liability will be affected by a number of factors, such as changes in law, the amount of taxable income in particular jurisdictions, the tax rates in such jurisdictions, tax treaties between jurisdictions, the extent to which we transfer funds between jurisdictions, and earnings repatriations between jurisdictions. generally, the tax liability for each taxpayer within the group is determined either (i) on a non-consolidated/non-combined basis or (ii) on a consolidated/combined basis only with other eligible entities subject to tax in the same jurisdiction, in either case without regard to the taxable losses of non-consolidated/non-combined affiliated legal entities.
environmental matters we are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. we own or lease a number of properties and manufacturing facilities around the world. like many of our competitors, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with such laws and regulations.
we are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in certain of our facilities. a former subsidiary of mettler-toledo, llc known as hi-speed checkweigher co., inc. was one of two private parties ordered by the new jersey department of environmental protection, in an administrative consent order signed on june 13, 1988, to investigate and remediate certain ground water contamination at a property in landing, new jersey. after the other party under this order failed to fulfill its obligations, hi-speed became solely responsible for compliance with the order. residual ground water contamination at this site is now within a classification exception area which the department of environmental protection has approved and within which the company oversees monitoring of the decay of contaminants of concern. a concurrent well restriction area also exists for the site. the department of environmental protection does not view these vehicles as remedial measures, but rather as "institutional controls" that must be adequately maintained and periodically evaluated. we estimate that the costs of compliance associated with the site over the next several years will approximate a total of $0.4 million.
in addition, certain of our present and former facilities have or had been in operation for many decades and, over such time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed
42
of wastes which are or may be considered hazardous. it is possible that these sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to which we have sent wastes, may in the future be identified and become the subject of remediation. although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements and, to date, we have not incurred material expenditures in connection with environmental matters, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
inflation inflation can affect the costs of goods and services that we use, including raw materials to manufacture our products. the competitive environment in which we operate limits somewhat our ability to recover higher costs through increased selling prices.
moreover, there may be differences in inflation rates between countries in which we incur the major portion of our costs and other countries in which we sell products, which may limit our ability to recover increased costs. we remain committed to operations in china, eastern europe, india, and brazil, which have experienced inflationary conditions. to date, inflationary conditions have not had a material effect on our operating results. however, as our presence in china, eastern europe, india, and brazil increases, these inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk we have only limited involvement with derivative financial instruments and do not use them for trading purposes.
we have entered into certain interest rate swap agreements. these contracts are more fully described in note 6 to our audited consolidated financial statements. the fair value of these contracts was a net asset of $0.5 million at december 31, 2018. based on our agreements outstanding at december 31, 2018, a 100-basis-point increase in interest rates would result in an increase in the net aggregate market value of these instruments of $4.0 million. conversely, a 100-basis-point decrease in interest rates would result in a $4.1 million decrease in the net aggregate market value of these instruments at december 31, 2018. any change in fair value would not affect our consolidated statement of operations unless such agreements and the debt they hedge were prematurely settled.
we also entered into a cross currency swap in 2017. the fair value of this contract was a net asset of $1.1 million at december 31, 2018. based on our agreements outstanding at december 31, 2018, a 100-basis-point increase in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates would result in an increase in the net aggregate market value of these instruments of $1.5 million. conversely, a 100-basis-point decrease in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates would result in a $1.5 million decrease in the net aggregate market value of these instruments at december 31, 2018. any change in fair value would not affect our consolidated statement of operations unless such agreements and the debt they hedge were prematurely settled.
critical accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to pensions and other post-retirement benefits, trade accounts receivable, inventories, intangible assets, income taxes, and revenue. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
43
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements. for a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans the net periodic pension cost for 2018 and projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018 were $4.2 million and $130.2 million, respectively, for our u.s. pension plan. the net periodic cost for 2018 and projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018 were $7.7 million and $864.1 million, respectively, for our international pension plans. the net periodic post-retirement benefit for 2018 and expected post-retirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2018 for our u.s. post-retirement medical benefit plan were $1.6 million and $2.2 million, respectively.
pension and post-retirement benefit plan expense and obligations are developed from assumptions utilized in actuarial valuations. the most significant of these assumptions include the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. in accordance with u.s. gaap, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and deferred over future periods. while management believes the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our plan obligations and future expense.
the expected rates of return on the various defined benefit pension plans' assets are based on the asset allocation of each plan and the long-term projected return of those assets, which represent a diversified mix of u.s. and international corporate equities and government and corporate debt securities. in 2002, we froze our u.s. defined benefit pension plan and discontinued our retiree medical program for certain current and all future employees. consequently, no significant future service costs will be incurred on these plans. for 2018, the weighted average return on assets assumption was 6.5% for the u.s. plan and 3.8% for the international plans. a change in the rate of return of 1% would impact annual benefit plan expense by approximately $6.8 million after tax.
the discount rates for defined benefit and post-retirement plans are set by benchmarking against high-quality corporate bonds. for 2018, the weighted average discount rate assumption was 4.1% for the u.s. plan and 1.2% for the international plans, representing a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. a change in the discount rate of 1% would impact annual benefit plan expense by approximately $7.0 million after tax.
equity-based compensation we also have an equity incentive plan that provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock units, and other equity-based awards which are accounted for and recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the grant-date fair value of the award. this methodology yields an estimate of fair value based in part on a number of management estimates, the most significant of which include future volatility and estimated option lives. changes in these assumptions could significantly impact the estimated fair value of stock options.
44
trade accounts receivable as of december 31, 2018, trade accounts receivable were $535.5 million, net of a $15.5 million allowance for doubtful accounts.
trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. the allowance for doubtful accounts represents our best estimate of probable credit losses in our existing trade accounts receivable. we determine the allowance based upon a review of both specific accounts for collection and the age of the accounts receivable portfolio.
inventories as of december 31, 2018, inventories were $268.8 million.
we record our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost, which includes direct materials, labor, and overhead, is generally determined using the first in, first out (fifo) method. the estimated net realizable value is based on assumptions for future demand and related pricing. adjustments to the cost basis of our inventory are made for excess and obsolete items based on usage, orders, and technological obsolescence. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, reductions in the value of inventory may be required.
goodwill and other intangible assets as of december 31, 2018, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $534.8 million and other intangible assets of $217.3 million.
our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. the determination of the value of such intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. the annual evaluations of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are generally based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount.
if we are unable to conclude whether the goodwill asset is not impaired after considering the totality of events and circumstances during our qualitative assessment, we perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by estimating the fair value of the goodwill asset and comparing the fair value to the carrying amount of the goodwill asset. if the carrying amount of the goodwill asset exceeds its fair value, then we perform the second step of the impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any.
if we are unable to conclude whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired after considering the totality of events and circumstances, we perform an impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any.
both the qualitative and quantitative evaluations consider operating results, business plans, economic conditions and market data, among other factors. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. our assessments to date have indicated that there has been no impairment of these assets.
should any of these estimates or assumptions change, or should we incur lower than expected operating performance or cash flows, including from a prolonged economic slowdown, we may
45
experience a triggering event that requires a new fair value assessment for our reporting units, possibly prior to the required annual assessment. these types of events and resulting analysis could result in impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets if the fair value estimate declines below the carrying value.
our amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives may materially change should our estimates of their useful lives change.
income taxes income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the consolidated financial statements. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. while we have considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would increase income or equity in the period such determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of the net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made.
we plan to repatriate earnings from china, switzerland, germany, the united kingdom, and certain other countries in future years and expect the additional tax costs associated with the repatriation of such earnings will be non-u.s. withholding taxes, certain state taxes, and u.s. taxes on currency gains, if any. all other undistributed earnings are considered permanently reinvested.
the significant assumptions and estimates described in the preceding paragraphs are important contributors to our ultimate effective tax rate for each year in addition to our income mix from geographical regions. if any of our assumptions or estimates were to change, or should our income mix from our geographical regions change, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. based on earnings before taxes of $651.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, each increase of $6.5 million in tax expense would increase our effective tax rate by 1%.
revenue recognition product revenue is recognized from contracts with customers when a customer has obtained control of a product. we consider control to have transferred based upon shipping terms. to the extent that our contracts have a separate performance obligation, revenue related to any post-shipment performance obligation is deferred until completed. shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in total net sales and the associated expense is a component of cost of sales. certain products are also sold through indirect distribution channels whereby the distributor assumes any further obligations to the end customer. revenue is recognized on these distributor arrangements upon transfer of control to the distributor. contracts do not contain variable pricing arrangements that are retrospective, except for rebate programs. rebates are estimated based on expected sales volumes and offset against revenue at the time such revenue is recognized. we generally maintain the right to accept or reject a product return in our terms and conditions and also maintain appropriate accruals for outstanding credits. the provisions for estimated returns and rebates are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.
certain of our product arrangements include separate performance obligations, primarily related to installation. such performance obligations are accounted for separately when the deliverables have stand-alone value and the satisfaction of the undelivered performance obligations is probable and within our control. the allocation of revenue between the performance obligations is based on the observable
46
standalone selling prices at the time of the sale in accordance with a number of factors including service technician billing rates, time to install, and geographic location.
software is generally not considered a distinct performance obligation with the exception of a few small software applications. we generally do not sell software products without the related hardware instrument as the software is usually embedded in the product. our products typically require no significant production, modification, or customization of the hardware or software that is essential to the functionality of the products.
service revenue not under contract is recognized upon the completion of the service performed. revenue from spare parts sold on a stand-alone basis is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment or delivery. revenue from service contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period using a time-based method. these contracts represent an obligation to perform repair and other services including regulatory compliance qualification, calibration, certification, and preventative maintenance on a customer's pre-defined equipment over the contract period.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements.
47
