item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating us and our business. if any of the risks discussed in this annual report actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the ordering of the risk factors set forth below is not intended to reflect an indication of priority or likelihood. in connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements."
risks related to the company terrorist acts, armed conflict and threats thereof, acts of piracy, and other international events impacting the security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises.
the threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak of hostilities or armed conflict abroad or the possibility or fear of such events, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisories or elevated national threat warnings by national governments, an increase in the activity of pirates, and other geo-political uncertainties have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on the demand for cruises, and consequently, the pricing for cruises. decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand would adversely affect our business by reducing our profitability.
adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various countries and other circumstances or events. any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs. the operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. although we place passenger safety as the highest priority in the design and operation of our fleet, we have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships and there can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. it is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. any such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests' perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. an adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. the expanded use of social media has increased the speed that negative publicity spreads and makes it more difficult to mitigate reputational damage. anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified), including adverse publicity about passenger safety, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our sales and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. if there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended dry-dock period for repairs. this could result in material lost revenue and/or expenditures.
the adverse impact of general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in north america or globally, such as the volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, higher taxes, changes in governmental policies and political developments impacting international trade including continued uncertainty surrounding the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, trade disputes and increased tariffs, could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. decreases in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. in addition, these conditions could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers' services and financial losses for us.
24

epidemics and viral outbreaks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
public perception about the safety of travel and adverse publicity related to passenger or crew illness, such as incidents of viral illnesses, stomach flu or other contagious diseases, may impact demand for cruises and result in cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism. if any wide-ranging health scare should occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected.
breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks could impair our operations and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have made significant investments in our information technology systems to optimize booking procedures, enhance the marketing power of our websites and control costs. the integrity and reliability of these systems and networks are crucial to our business operations and disruptions to these systems or networks could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. in addition, certain networks are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods or similar events), information systems failures, computer viruses, denial of service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. while we have and continue to invest in business continuity, disaster recovery, data restoration plans and data and information technology security, we cannot completely insulate ourselves from disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results. we carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles.
as part of our ordinary business operations, we and certain of our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information, including email addresses, home addresses and financial data such as credit card information. the security of the systems and networks where we and our service providers store this data is a critical element of our business. despite our implementation of security measures to protect against security breaches, unauthorized access to our data and other cyber-attacks or incidents, our systems and networks are vulnerable to computer viruses, malware, worms, hackers and other security issues, including physical and electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering (including through social engineering such as phishing attacks), impersonation of authorized users and coordinated denial-of-service attacks. for example, in october 2018, we discovered limited instances of unauthorized access to certain employee e-mail communications, some of which contained proprietary business and personally identifiable information. we have implemented additional safeguards, and we do not believe that we experienced any material losses related to this incident; however, there can be no assurance that this or any other breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. in addition, we may not be in a position to promptly address security breaches, unauthorized access or other cyber-attacks or incidents or to implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such incidents. our failure to successfully prevent, mitigate or timely respond to any breach, attack or unauthorized use of our information systems to gain access to sensitive information, corrupt data or create general disturbances in our operations systems could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation.
we are also subject to laws relating to privacy of personal data, including european union data privacy regulations. the compromise of our information systems resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to the personally identifiable information of our guests, prospective guests or employees could result in governmental investigation, civil liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, any or all of which could disrupt our operations and materially adversely affect our business. additionally, any material failure by us or our service providers to maintain compliance with the payment card industry security requirements or to rectify a data security issue may result in fines and restrictions on our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment.
in the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party systems or a cyber-attack or other cyber incident, we may incur costs associated with the following: response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations, public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, data restoration, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees, damages and settlements. in addition, data security breaches, a cyber-attack or other cyber incident may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation or litigation, digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, loss of company assets, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results.
25

conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks.
we operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. additional risks include imposition of trade barriers, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. however, our existing safeguards and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. if our employees or agents violate our policies, if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties.
we have operations in and source passengers from the u.k. and other member countries of the european union. on june 23, 2016, voters in the u.k. approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the european union. negotiations on the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the european union are ongoing, with the u.k. due to exit the european union on march 29, 2019. while negotiations are continuing, there remains considerable uncertainty around the withdrawal. current discussions between the u.k. and the european union may result in any number of outcomes including an extension or delay of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union. the consequences for the economies of the u.k. and other european union member states as a result of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the european union are unknown and unpredictable, which could make it more difficult to source passengers from these regions. the proposed withdrawal could also potentially adversely affect tax, legal and regulatory regimes to which our business in the region is subject and disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between the u.k. and the european union. these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices.
fuel expense is a significant cost for our company. future increases in the cost of fuel globally or regulatory requirements which require us to use more expensive types of fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. for example, the imo's convention entitled prevention of pollution from ships (marpol) has set a global limit on fuel sulfur content of 0.5% (reduced from the current 3.5% global limit) beginning january 2020. various compliance methods, such as the use of low-sulfur fuels or exhaust gas cleaning systems that reduce an equivalent amount of sulfur emissions, may be utilized. we have elected to install exhaust gas cleaning systems on some ships in our fleet, which will allow us to continue to use high-sulfur fuel on those ships. however, if exhaust gas cleaning systems are not widely used in the industry, low demand for high-sulfur fuel may increase the price for such fuel. other ships in our fleet that do not have exhaust gas cleaning systems will be required to use low-sulfur fuels. low-sulfur fuels may be costly due to increased demand and scarcity if suppliers are not able to produce sufficient quantities. in addition, we could experience increases in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability resulting from increases or volatility in fuel expense. despite any fuel hedges we are currently a party to, or may enter into in the future, increases in fuel prices or other cruise operating costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to recover these increased costs through price increases charged to our guests. our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments, breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. there can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will be cost-effective, will provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that our counterparties will be able to perform under our hedging arrangements. additionally, deterioration in our financial condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future.
26

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the u.s. dollar; most significantly a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against our other major currencies may adversely affect our u.s. dollar financial results and will reduce the u.s. dollar amount received upon conversion of these currencies into u.s. dollars.
we have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction contracts denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. while we have entered into foreign currency derivatives to manage a portion of the currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. additionally, if the shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship construction contract, any foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated.
our expansion into and investments in new markets may not be successful.
we believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger sourcing into major markets, such as europe and australia, as well as into emerging markets and to expand our itineraries in new markets, as we did with cuba, and we are in the process of such expansion efforts. expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management. there can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets and may forgo opportunities in more lucrative markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
overcapacity in key markets or globally could adversely affect our operating results.
we continue to expand our fleet through our newbuild program and expect to add 11 additional ships to our fleet through 2027. our competitors have also announced similar expansions to their fleets. these increases in capacity in the cruise industry globally and potential overcapacity in certain key markets may cause us to lower pricing, which would reduce profitability and adversely affect our results of operations. additionally, older ships in our fleet may not be as competitive as new ships enter the market and we may not be able to sell such older ships at optimal prices.
unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints, security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, typhoons and earthquakes, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the office of foreign assets control of the united states treasury department or other regulatory bodies. for example, we had to temporarily change certain itineraries in the caribbean due to damage some ports sustained during an active hurricane season in 2017. there can be no assurance that our ports of call will not be similarly affected in the future. we garner a pricing premium from our itineraries to cuba as opposed to other caribbean itineraries. if there is a change in the diplomatic relationship between the u.s. and cuba, or either government issued sanctions or regulations that affect travel to cuba, it is possible that we will no longer include cuba in our itineraries. any limitations on the availability of ports of call, including cuba, or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there can be no assurance that our risks are fully insured against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. in addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. our payment of these calls and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. if we, or other members of our protection and indemnity associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all could be materially adversely affected. for example, in the past our protection and indemnity associations have increased certain deductibles and determined not to cover certain categories of claims. moreover, irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all.
27

evolving requirements and regulations regarding data privacy and protection and any actual or perceived compliance failures by us could increase our liability and costs and otherwise materially adversely affect our business operations.
we process and store sensitive information relating to our guests, employees, business partners and others and we are subject to requirements and regulations regarding data privacy and protection in multiple jurisdictions. government regulators, privacy advocates and individuals are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, store, share and transmit personal data. new laws governing data privacy and protection, such as the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") have been enacted and more are being considered worldwide. the gdpr contains stringent data privacy and protection requirements and enables regulators to impose significant penalties for non-compliance. the regulatory framework for data privacy and protection is uncertain for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that legal and regulatory obligations may continue to increase and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent or possibly conflicting from one jurisdiction to another.
any actual or perceived failure by us or our business partners to comply with posted privacy policies, federal, state or international data privacy and protection laws and regulations, or privacy commitments contained in our contracts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others and significant fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and harm our reputation. additionally, if third parties we work with, such as vendors, violate applicable laws or regulations or our policies, such violations may also result in increased liability for us and have an adverse effect on our business.
existing and future legal and regulatory restrictions on our ability to collect and use data could also negatively affect our ability to market our business, result in increased compliance costs, and otherwise affect our business processes, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
our indebtedness, and the agreements governing our indebtedness, may limit our flexibility in operating our business and a significant portion of our assets, including many of our ships, are collateral under our debt agreements.
a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is dedicated to the repayment of our indebtedness, which may limit our available funds for other business functions and strategic opportunities and may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy and the industry in which we operate. we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, including refinancing our indebtedness, which may not be successful. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations.
in addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay dividends or make distributions to nclh; repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; transfer, sell or create liens on certain assets; and consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to other companies. as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs.
our existing debt agreements also require us, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may require us, to maintain minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio and maintain certain other financial ratios. our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios. a failure to comply with the covenants contained in our debt agreements could result in an event of default under such agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in the event of any default under our debt agreements, the holders of our indebtedness thereunder:
·   could elect to declare all indebtedness outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, if applicable; and/or

·   could require us to apply all of our available cash to repay such indebtedness.

28

such actions by the holders of our indebtedness could cause cross defaults under our other indebtedness, and there is no assurance that we would have sufficient current assets to repay such indebtedness in full. if we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which includes a significant portion of our assets including many of our ships. any such action would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional money on terms as favorable as our current debt, on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. such disruptions could cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. if we were to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur significant costs to replace the counterparty. any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument.
certain of our debt agreements use libor as a reference rate for interest rate calculations. in july 2017, the u.k.'s financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, announced that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021. the u.s. federal reserve has begun publishing a secured overnight funding rate, which is intended to replace u.s. dollar libor. plans for alternative reference rates for other currencies have also been announced. at this time, we cannot predict how markets will respond to these proposed alternative rates or the effect of any changes to libor or the discontinuation of libor. if libor is no longer available or if our lenders have increased costs due to changes in libor, we may experience potential increases in interest rates on our variable rate debt, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success is dependent upon our personnel and our ability to recruit and retain high quality employees. we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth.  we need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. this may require significant efforts on the part of our management team, and our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our business.
our executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. the unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us.
delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction, refurbishment and repair projects. our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally experienced and have had to repair. for example, in the past we have had to delay or cancel cruises due to mechanical issues on our ships. there can be no assurance that we will not experience similar events in the future. if there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering gear or the gyro system.
in addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems in the shipyards' construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, or other "force majeure" events that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery, refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. a significant delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have an adverse effect on our business. the consolidation of the control of certain european cruise shipyards could result in higher prices for the construction of new ships and refurbishments and could limit the availability of qualified shipyards to construct new ships. also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. these potential events and the associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
29

we rely on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. in certain circumstances, we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us.
we rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services that are vital to our business. if these service providers suffer financial hardship or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. to the extent that we are able to replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger and crew connections. increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services could undermine our customer base or disrupt our operations.
a number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. increases in the price of airfare due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of strikes, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests and crew to or from our ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
amendments to the collective bargaining agreements for crew members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely affect our financial results.
currently, we are a party to eight collective bargaining agreements. four of these agreements are in effect through 2020, two through 2021 and two through 2027. any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. in addition, although our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. the time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technology. these systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis in order for us to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so on a timely basis or within reasonable cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement technologies, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
30

our revenue is seasonal, owing to variations in passenger fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year. we may not be able to generate revenue that is sufficient to cover our expenses during certain periods of the year.
the demand for our cruises is seasonal, with the greatest demand for cruises generally occurring during the northern hemisphere's summer months. this seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. the seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for dry-docks, which we typically schedule during off-peak demand periods for such ships. accordingly, seasonality in demand and dry-dock periods could adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover the expenses we incur during certain periods of the year.
risks related to the regulatory environment in which we operate future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay.
we believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income ("shipping income"), is exempt from u.s. federal income taxes under section 883, based upon certain assumptions as to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in "item 1-business-taxation." the provisions of section 883 are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
we believe and have taken the position that substantially all of our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. it is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which nclh will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under section 883 as described in "item 1-business- taxation-exemption of international shipping income under section 883 of the code." there are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of nclh's ordinary shares, which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. finally, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1-business-taxation"), and we can give no assurances on this matter.
if we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption under section 883, our or such subsidiary's u.s.-source income would be subject to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1- business- taxation). as of the date of this filing, we believe that nclh and its subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under section 883 and therefore believe that nclh will qualify for the exemption under section 883. however, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control that could cause nclh to not meet the stock ownership or publicly traded tests. therefore, we can give no assurances on this matter. we refer you to "item 1-business-taxation."
we may be subject to state, local and non-u.s. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. we may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. our state, local or non-u.s. tax treatment may not conform to the u.s. federal income tax treatment discussed above. we may be required to pay non-u.s. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations involving foreign property that may give rise to non-u.s. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial.
the various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. these tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. for example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from u.s. federal income tax under section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the u.s. moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law, including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the u.s. - u.k. income tax treaty on income derived in respect of our u.s.-flagged operation.
we are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.
increasingly stringent and complex international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations addressing environmental protection and health and safety of workers could affect our operations. the imo, a united nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships, the council of the european union, individual countries, the united states, and individual states have implemented and are considering, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations. many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to international treaties such as solas, an international safety regulation, marpol, imo's requirements governing environmental protection, and stcw, an imo regulation governing ship manning. in the united states, the environmental protection agency and the u.s. coast guard both have regulations addressing cruise ship operations.
31

the u.s. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies aimed at reducing the threat of invasive species in ballast water, requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements and further restricting emissions, including those of green-house gases, and improving sewage and greywater-handling capabilities. compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and changes in operating procedures which could adversely impact our operations as well as our competitors' operations.
among the laws impacting cruise ship operations are a 2006 ballot measure approved by alaskan voters requiring that cruise ships meet alaska water quality standards ("wqs"). the law was relaxed somewhat in 2013, allowing ship operators to apply for mixing zones in discharge permits, an option that has eased compliance with certain wqs. the international labor organization's maritime labor convention, 2006 went into force on august 20, 2013. this convention regulates many aspects of maritime crew labor and impacts the worldwide sourcing of new crew members. marpol regulations have established special emission control areas ("ecas") with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions from fuel burning aboard ships. ships operating in designated ecas (which include the baltic sea, the north sea/english channel, and many of the waters within 200 nautical miles of the u.s. and canadian coasts including the hawaiian islands and waters surrounding puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands) are generally expected to meet the new sulfur oxide emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels or installation of exhaust gas cleaning systems.
these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, areas of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. some environmental groups continue to lobby for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. by virtue of our operations in the u.s., the fmc requires us to maintain a third-party performance guarantee on our behalf in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to guests. the fmc has proposed rules that would significantly increase the amount of our required guarantees and accordingly our cost of compliance. there can be no assurance that such an increase in the amount of our guarantees, if required, would be available to us. for additional discussion of the fmc's proposed requirements, we refer you to "item 1-business-regulatory issues."
in 2007, the state of alaska implemented taxes, some of which were rolled back in 2010, which have impacted the cruise industry operating in alaska. it is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically applicable to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises.
risks related to nclh's ordinary shares shareholders of nclh may have greater difficulties in protecting their interests than shareholders of a u.s. corporation.
we are a bermuda exempted company. the companies act 1981 of bermuda (the "companies act"), which applies to nclh, differs in material respects from laws generally applicable to u.s. corporations and their shareholders. taken together with the provisions of nclh's bye-laws, some of these differences may result in you having greater difficulties in protecting your interests as a shareholder of nclh than you would have as a shareholder of a u.s. corporation. this affects, among other things, the circumstances under which transactions involving an interested director are voidable, whether an interested director can be held accountable for any benefit realized in a transaction with our company, what approvals are required for business combinations by our company with a large shareholder or a wholly-owned subsidiary, what rights you may have as a shareholder to enforce specified provisions of the companies act or nclh's bye-laws, and the circumstances under which we may indemnify our directors and officers.
nclh does not currently pay dividends on its ordinary shares.
nclh does not currently pay dividends to its shareholders and nclh's board of directors may never declare a dividend. our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay distributions to nclh and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. in addition, any determination to pay dividends in the future will be entirely at the discretion of nclh's board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, business opportunities, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that nclh's board of directors deems relevant. we are not legally or contractually required to pay dividends. in addition, nclh is a holding company and would depend upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to nclh to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. investors seeking dividends should not purchase nclh's ordinary shares.
32

provisions in nclh's constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that nclh's shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.
nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that its shareholders consider to be in their best interests. as a result, these provisions may prevent nclh's shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of nclh's shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of nclh's shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. these provisions include:
·   the ability of nclh's board of directors to designate one or more series of preference shares and issue preference shares without shareholder approval;

·   a classified board of directors;

·   the sole power of a majority of nclh's board of directors to fix the number of directors;

·   the power of nclh's board of directors to fill any vacancy on nclh's board of directors in most circumstances, including when such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; and

·   advance notice requirements for nominating directors or introducing other business to be conducted at shareholder meetings.

additionally, nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that prevent third parties from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of nclh's board of directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. the effect of these provisions may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in nclh in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial presentation the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect our business and operating results. you should read this information in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report. see also "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" immediately prior to part i, item 1 in this annual report.
we categorize revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities as either "passenger ticket" revenue or "onboard and other" revenue. passenger ticket revenue and onboard and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the markets in which the ship operates. our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest during the northern hemisphere's summer months. passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations, meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, and includes revenue for service charges and air and land transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. onboard and other revenue primarily consists of revenue from gaming, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services and photo services. our onboard revenue is derived from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue.
our cruise operating expense is classified as follows:
·   commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. these costs include travel agent commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, certain port expenses and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the overall cruise purchase price.

·   onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue, including casino, beverage sales and shore excursions.

·   payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items, including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships.

·   fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs.

·   food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships.

·   other consists of repairs and maintenance (including dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses.

critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. we rely on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and judgments. actual results could differ materially from these estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. these critical accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to ship accounting, asset impairment and contingencies.
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them at cost less accumulated depreciation. depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives of primarily 30 years after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or the remaining useful life of the ship. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. we account for dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which requires us to expense all dry-dock costs as incurred.
37

we determine the useful life of our ships based primarily on our estimates of the average useful life of the ships' major component systems, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric, superstructure and hull. in addition, we consider the impact of anticipated changes in the vacation market and technological conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we reduced our estimated average 30-year ship service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended december 31, 2018 would have increased by $13.3 million. in addition, if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased by $65.9 million. we believe our estimates for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. we believe that depreciation expense is based on a rational and systematic method to allocate our ships' costs to the periods that benefit from the ships' usage.
asset impairment we review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. we consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. we estimate fair value based on the best information available utilizing estimates, judgments and projections as necessary. our estimate of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the associated risk.
we evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. for our evaluation of goodwill we use the step 0 test which allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50%) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. in order to make this evaluation, we consider whether any of the following factors or conditions exist:
·   changes in general macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets;

·   changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

·   changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows;

·   decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance);

·   entity and reporting unit specific negative events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation; or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and

·   decline in share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers).

we believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived assets, principally ships, goodwill, tradenames and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. if a material change occurred, we may conduct a quantitative assessment comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. this is called the step i test which consists of a combined approach using the expected future cash flows and market multiples to determine the fair value of the reporting units.
for our annual impairment evaluation, we performed a step 0 test for the norwegian, regent seven seas and oceania cruises reporting units. as of december 31, 2018, there was $523.0 million, $462.1 million and $403.8 million of goodwill for the oceania cruises, regent seven seas and norwegian reporting units, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, our annual review consisting of the step 0 test supports the carrying value of these assets.
38

contingencies periodically, we assess potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us or any asserted claims, including tax, legal and/or environmental matters. although it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any. in accordance with the guidance on accounting for contingencies, we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any estimated provisions or previous disclosures.
non-gaap financial measures we use certain non-gaap financial measures, such as net revenue, adjusted net revenue, net yield, adjusted net yield, net cruise cost, adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel, adjusted ebitda, adjusted net income and adjusted eps, to enable us to analyze our performance. see "terms used in this annual report" for the definitions of these and other non-gaap financial measures. we utilize net revenue and net yield to manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of our revenue performance because they reflect the revenue earned by us net of significant variable costs. in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise cost and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance.
as our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment of vessels outside of the u.s., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. in order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-gaap measures on a constant currency basis, whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to u.s. dollars using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. we believe that presenting these non-gaap measures on both a reported and constant currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business.
we believe that adjusted ebitda is appropriate as a supplemental financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. we also believe that adjusted ebitda is a useful measure in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs, marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. adjusted ebitda is not a defined term under gaap nor is it intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income, as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments.
in addition, adjusted net revenue and adjusted net yield, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries, are non-gaap financial measures that we believe are useful as supplemental measures in evaluating the performance of our operating business and provide greater transparency into our results of operations. adjusted net income and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures that exclude certain amounts and are used to supplement gaap net income and eps. we use adjusted net income and adjusted eps as key performance measures of our earnings performance. we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-gaap financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. these non-gaap financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparison to our historical performance. in addition, management uses adjusted eps as a performance measure for our incentive compensation. the amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-gaap financial measures may vary from period to period; accordingly, our presentation of adjusted net revenue, adjusted net yield, adjusted net income and adjusted eps may not be indicative of future adjustments or results. for example, for the year ended december 31, 2017, we incurred an impairment of $2.9 million related to assets held for sale. a similar impairment was not incurred in the years ended december 31, 2018 or december 31, 2016. we included this as an adjustment in the reconciliation of adjusted net income since this impairment amount was not representative of our day-to-day operations and we have included similar non-representative adjustments in prior periods.
39

you are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating our non-gaap financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-gaap financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis. in evaluating our non-gaap financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in our presentation. our non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our presentation of our non-gaap financial measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. please see a historical reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable gaap measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the "results of operations" section.
summary of significant 2018 events in march 2018, we repurchased approximately $263.5 million of nclh's outstanding ordinary shares under our previously authorized three-year, $500.0 million share repurchase program, exhausting the remaining authorization under the program. in april 2018, the board of directors of nclh approved a new three-year share repurchase program under which nclh may purchase up to $1.0 billion of its ordinary shares. we repurchased approximately $401.3 million of nclh's ordinary shares under the repurchase program.
in april 2018, norwegian bliss was delivered.
in april 2018, we redeemed $135.0 million principal amount of the $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding 4.75% senior notes due 2021.
as of december 31, 2018, the sponsors no longer own any nclh ordinary shares.
executive overview total revenue increased 12.2% to $6.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to $5.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. gross yield increased 3.4%. net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased 12.6% to $4.7 billion from $4.2 billion in the same period in 2017 with an improvement in net yield of 3.7% and an increase in capacity days of 8.5%.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, we had net income and diluted eps of $954.8 million and $4.25, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we had net income and diluted eps of $759.9 million and $3.31, respectively. operating income increased 16.2% to $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018 from $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we had adjusted net income and adjusted eps of $1.1 billion and $4.92, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2018, including $150.1 million of adjustments primarily consisting of expenses related to non-cash share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, losses on the extinguishment of debt and certain other adjustments, compared to adjusted net income and adjusted eps of $907.7 million and $3.96, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2017. a 14.5% improvement in adjusted ebitda was achieved for the same period, primarily due to the increase in net income and ebitda. we refer you to our "results of operations" below for a calculation of net revenue, net yield, adjusted net income, adjusted eps and adjusted ebitda.
40

results of operations we reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating income and net income as follows (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,

2018                     2017                      2016
total revenue                           $6,055,126                $5,396,175                $4,874,340
total cruise operating expense          $3,377,076                $3,063,644                $2,850,225
operating income                        $1,219,061                $1,048,819                  $925,464
net income                                $954,843                  $759,872                  $633,085
eps:
basic                                        $4.28                     $3.33                     $2.79
diluted                                      $4.25                     $3.31                     $2.78
the following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of total revenue:
year ended december 31,

2018                 2017                  2016
revenue passenger ticket                                 70.4    %             69.5    %             69.5    %
onboard and other                                29.6    %             30.5    %             30.5    %
total revenue                                   100.0    %            100.0    %            100.0    %
cruise operating expense commissions, transportation and other            16.5    %             16.6    %             16.7    %
onboard and other                                 5.8    %              5.9    %              6.1    %
payroll and related                              14.6    %             14.9    %             15.3    %
fuel                                              6.5    %              6.7    %              6.9    %
food                                              3.5    %              3.7    %              4.1    %
other                                             8.9    %              9.0    %              9.4    %
total cruise operating expense                   55.8    %             56.8    %             58.5    %
other operating expense marketing, general and administrative            14.8    %             14.3    %             13.7    %
depreciation and amortization                     9.3    %              9.5    %              8.9    %
total other operating expense                    24.1    %             23.8    %             22.6    %
operating income                                 20.1    %             19.4    %             18.9    %
non-operating income (expense)
interest expense, net                            (4.4   )%             (4.9   )%             (5.7   )%
other income (expense), net                       0.3    %             (0.2   )%             (0.1   )%
total non-operating income (expense)             (4.1   )%             (5.1   )%             (5.8   )%
net income before income taxes                   16.0    %             14.3    %             13.1    %
income tax expense                               (0.2   )%             (0.2   )%             (0.1   )%
net income                                       15.8    %             14.1    %             13.0    %
41

the following table sets forth selected statistical information:
year ended december 31,

2018                       2017                        2016
passengers carried                2,795,101                   2,519,324                   2,337,311
passenger cruise days            20,276,568                  18,523,030                  17,588,707
capacity days                    18,841,678                  17,363,422                  16,376,063
occupancy percentage                  107.6    %                  106.7    %                  107.4   %
net revenue, adjusted net revenue, gross yield, net yield and adjusted net yield were calculated as follows (in thousands, except capacity days and yield data):
year ended december 31,

2018                                           2018       2017                                           2017       2016
constant                                                  constant currency                                                  currency passenger ticket revenue                                    $4,259,815                   $4,244,494                   $3,750,030                   $3,760,886                   $3,388,954
onboard and other revenue                                    1,795,311                    1,795,311                    1,646,145                    1,646,145                    1,485,386
total revenue                                                6,055,126                    6,039,805                    5,396,175                    5,407,031                    4,874,340
less:
commissions, transportation and other expense                  998,948                      995,097                      894,406                      896,985                      813,559
onboard and other expense                                      348,656                      348,656                      319,293                      319,293                      298,886
net revenue                                                  4,707,522                    4,696,052                    4,182,476                    4,190,753                    3,761,895
non-gaap adjustment:
deferred revenue (1)                                                 -                            -                            -                            -                        1,057
adjusted net revenue                                        $4,707,522                   $4,696,052                   $4,182,476                   $4,190,753                   $3,762,952
capacity days                                               18,841,678                   18,841,678                   17,363,422                   17,363,422                   16,376,063
gross yield                                                    $321.37                      $320.56                      $310.78                      $311.40                      $297.65
net yield                                                      $249.85                      $249.24                      $240.88                      $241.36                      $229.72
adjusted net yield                                             $249.85                      $249.24                      $240.88                      $241.36                      $229.78
(1)   reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules.

gross cruise cost, net cruise cost, net cruise cost excluding fuel and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except capacity days and per capacity day data):
year ended december 31,

2018                                                      2017
2018                                       constant       2017                                       constant       2016
currency                                                  currency total cruise operating expense                                         $3,377,076                   $3,365,030                   $3,063,644                   $3,064,892                   $2,850,225
marketing, general and administrative expense                             897,929                      897,438                      773,755                      773,028                      666,156
gross cruise cost                                                       4,275,005                    4,262,468                    3,837,399                    3,837,920                    3,516,381
less:
commissions, transportation and other expense                             998,948                      995,097                      894,406                      896,985                      813,559
onboard and other expense                                                 348,656                      348,656                      319,293                      319,293                      298,886
net cruise cost                                                         2,927,401                    2,918,715                    2,623,700                    2,621,642                    2,403,936
less: fuel expense                                                        392,685                      392,685                      361,032                      361,032                      335,174
net cruise cost excluding fuel                                          2,534,716                    2,526,030                    2,262,668                    2,260,610                    2,068,762
less non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation expenses (1)                                 2,167                        2,167                        3,292                        3,292                        3,167
non-cash share-based compensation expenses (2)                            115,983                      115,983                       87,039                       87,039                       66,414
secondary equity offering expenses (3)                                        883                          883                          949                          949                            -
severance payments and other fees (4)                                           -                            -                        2,912                        2,912                        8,223
acquisition of prestige expenses (5)                                            -                            -                          500                          500                        6,395
contract renegotiation and termination expenses (6)                             -                            -                            -                            -                        1,000
other (7)                                                                  (1,412   )                   (1,412   )                    3,886                        3,886                          217
adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel                                $2,417,095                   $2,408,409                   $2,164,090                   $2,162,032                   $1,983,346
capacity days                                                          18,841,678                   18,841,678                   17,363,422                   17,363,422                   16,376,063
gross cruise cost per capacity day                                        $226.89                      $226.23                      $221.00                      $221.03                      $214.73
net cruise cost per capacity day                                          $155.37                      $154.91                      $151.11                      $150.99                      $146.80
net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day                           $134.53                      $134.07                      $130.31                      $130.19                      $126.33
adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day                  $128.28                      $127.82                      $124.63                      $124.52                      $121.11
(1)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.

42

(2)              non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.

(3)   secondary equity offering expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(4)   severance payments and other fees related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(5)   acquisition of prestige expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(6)   contract renegotiation and termination expenses, net related to the acquisition of prestige are included in other cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense.
(7)   other primarily related to expenses and reimbursements for certain legal costs included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
adjusted net income and adjusted eps were calculated as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data):
year ended december 31,

2018                           2017                           2016
net income                                                                                      $954,843                       $759,872                       $633,085
non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation expenses (1)                                                        3,453                          3,292                          3,167
non-cash share-based compensation expenses (2)                                                   115,983                         87,039                         66,414
secondary equity offering expenses (3)                                                               883                            949                              -
severance payments and other fees (4)                                                                  -                          2,912                          8,223
acquisition of prestige expenses (5)                                                                   -                            500                          6,395
deferred revenue (6)                                                                                   -                              -                          1,057
amortization of intangible assets (7)                                                             24,890                         30,273                         21,069
extinguishment of debt (8)                                                                         6,346                         23,859                         27,962
derivative adjustment (9)                                                                              -                              -                         (1,185   )
contract renegotiation and termination expenses (10)                                                   -                              -                          2,502
deferred financing fees and other (11)                                                                 -                              -                         11,156
impairment on assets held for sale (12)                                                                -                          2,935                              -
tax benefit (13)                                                                                       -                         (7,802    )                    (3,594   )
other (14)                                                                                        (1,412    )                     3,886                              -
adjusted net income                                                                           $1,104,986                       $907,715                       $776,251
diluted weighted-average shares outstanding-net income and adjusted net income               224,419,205                    229,418,326                    227,850,286
diluted eps                                                                                        $4.25                          $3.31                          $2.78
adjusted eps                                                                                       $4.92                          $3.96                          $3.41
(1)                                  non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense and other income (expense), net.

(2)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.
(3)   secondary equity offering expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(4)   severance payments and other fees related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(5)   acquisition of prestige expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(6)   deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules are primarily included in passenger ticket revenue.
(7)   amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of prestige are included in depreciation and amortization expense.
(8)   losses on extinguishments of debt are included in interest expense, net, and legal expenses related to the extinguishments are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(9)   losses and net gains for the fair value adjustment of a foreign exchange collar, which did not receive hedge accounting treatment and losses due to the dedesignation of certain fuel swaps, are included in other income (expense), net.
(10)   contract renegotiation and termination expenses, net related to the acquisition of prestige are included in other cruise operating expense, marketing, general and administrative expense and depreciation and amortization expense.
(11)   expenses related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and other fees related to the refinancing of certain credit facilities, including a tax benefit adjustment are included in interest expense, net.
(12)   impairment charge related to hawaii land-based operations, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense.
(13)   tax benefits primarily due to reversal of tax contingency reserves in 2017 and reversal of a valuation allowance in 2016.
(14)   other primarily related to expense and reimbursements for certain legal costs included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
43

ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2018                         2017                          2016
net income                                                         $954,843                      $759,872                      $633,085
interest expense, net                                               270,404                       267,804                       276,859
income tax expense                                                   14,467                        10,742                         7,218
depreciation and amortization expense                               561,060                       509,957                       432,495
ebitda                                                            1,800,774                     1,548,375                     1,349,657
other (income) expense, net (1)                                     (20,653    )                   10,401                         8,302
non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash deferred compensation expenses (2)                           2,167                         3,292                         3,167
non-cash share-based compensation expenses (3)                      115,983                        87,039                        66,414
secondary equity offering expenses (4)                                  883                           949                             -
severance payments and other expenses (5)                                 -                         2,912                         8,223
acquisition of prestige expenses (6)                                      -                           500                         6,395
deferred revenue (7)                                                      -                             -                         1,057
contract renegotiation and termination expenses (8)                       -                             -                         1,000
other (9)                                                            (1,412    )                    3,886                           217
adjusted ebitda                                                  $1,897,742                    $1,657,354                    $1,444,432
(1)                                                               primarily consists of gains and losses, net for forward currency exchanges.

(2)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses are included in payroll and related expense.
(3)   non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards are included in marketing, general and administrative expense and payroll and related expense.
(4)   secondary equity offering expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(5)   severance payments and other fees related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(6)   acquisition of prestige expenses are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
(7)   deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules are primarily included in passenger ticket revenue.
(8)   contract renegotiation and termination expenses, net related to the acquisition of prestige are included in other cruise operating expense and marketing, general and administrative expense.
(9)   other primarily related to expenses and reimbursement for certain legal costs included in marketing, general and administrative expense.
year ended december 31, 2018 ("2018") compared to year ended december 31, 2017 ("2017")
revenue total revenue increased 12.2% to $6.1 billion in 2018 compared to $5.4 billion in 2017 primarily due to an increase in capacity days and improved pricing. gross yield increased 3.4%. net revenue increased 12.6% to $4.7 billion in 2018, from $4.2 billion in 2017, due to an increase in capacity days of 8.5% and an increase in net yield of 3.7%.  the increase in capacity days was primarily due to norwegian joy and norwegian bliss joining our fleet in the second quarter of 2017 and 2018, respectively. the increase in gross yield and net yield was primarily due to an increase in passenger ticket revenue and occupancy percentage.  on a constant currency basis, net yield increased 3.5%.
expense total cruise operating expense increased 10.2% in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to the increase in capacity days. gross cruise cost increased 11.4% in 2018 compared to 2017, due to higher total cruise operating expense and, to a lesser extent, higher marketing, general and administrative expenses. total other operating expense increased 13.7% in 2018 compared to 2017. marketing, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher incentive compensation expense and higher advertising expenses. depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to the additions of norwegian joy and norwegian bliss and ship improvement projects. net cruise cost per capacity day increased 2.8% (2.5% on a constant currency basis) due to higher marketing, general and administrative expenses, higher commissions and transportation fees, and, to a lesser extent, higher maintenance and repairs, including fuel and dry-dock expenses. adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day increased 2.9% (2.6% on a constant currency basis). we refer you to the "results of operations" above for a reconciliation of total cruise operating expense to adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel.
44

interest expense, net was $270.4 million in 2018 compared to $267.8 million in 2017. the increase in interest expense primarily reflects additional debt incurred in connection with the delivery of norwegian joy and norwegian bliss in the second quarter of 2017 and 2018, respectively, project leonardo financing, and higher interest rates due to an increase in libor. the increase in interest expense was partially offset by the benefit from the october 2017 full redemption of our 4.625% senior notes due 2020 and the benefit from the april 2018 partial $135.0 million redemption of our 4.75% senior notes due 2021. 2018 included $6.3 million of redemption premium and write-off of fees in connection with the partial redemption. 2017 included losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $23.9 million.
other income (expense), net was income of $20.7 million in 2018 compared to expense of $10.4 million in 2017. other income in 2018 was primarily due to gains on foreign currency exchange.  other expense in 2017 was primarily due to losses on foreign currency exchange.
income tax expense was $14.5 million in 2018 compared to $10.7 million in 2017. the expense in 2017 had benefits of $7.7 million from the impact on our net deferred tax liabilities of a change in both u.s. and u.k. tax rates due to tax reform and a reversal of prior years' contingency reserves of $11.6 million.
year ended december 31, 2017 ("2017") compared to year ended december 31, 2016 ("2016")
revenue total revenue increased 10.7% to $5.4 billion in 2017 compared to $4.9 billion in 2016 primarily due to an increase in capacity days and improved pricing. gross yield increased 4.4%. net revenue in 2017 increased 11.2% to $4.2 billion from $3.8 billion in 2016 due to an increase in capacity days of 6.0% and an increase in net yield of 4.9%. the increase in capacity days was primarily due to the delivery of norwegian joy in april 2017, the delivery of seven seas explorer in june 2016 and sirena joining our fleet in april 2016. the increase in net yield was primarily due to improved pricing. adjusted net revenue includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $1.0 million in 2016 related to the acquisition of prestige. on a constant currency basis, net yield and adjusted net yield increased 5.1% and 5.0%, respectively, in 2017 compared to 2016.
expense total cruise operating expense increased 7.5% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the increase in capacity days as discussed above and an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses. gross cruise cost increased 9.1% in 2017 compared to 2016 due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses and total cruise operating expense. total other operating expense increased 16.8% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense and marketing, general and administrative expenses. depreciation and amortization expense increased primarily due to the ship additions and ship improvement projects. the increase in marketing, general and administrative expense was primarily due to pay for performance incentive expenses. on a capacity day basis, net cruise cost increased 2.9% on an actual and a constant currency basis, due to the increases in expenses discussed above. adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day increased 2.9% primarily due to the expenses discussed above (2.8% on a constant currency basis). we refer you to the "results of operations" above for a reconciliation of total cruise operating expense to adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel.
interest expense, net was $267.8 million in 2017 compared to $276.9 million in 2016.  interest expense for 2017 reflects higher interest rates due to an increase in libor, as well as an increase in average debt balances outstanding primarily associated with the delivery of new ships and newbuild installments.  in connection with the redemption of senior notes and refinancing of certain of our credit facilities, interest expense, net included losses on extinguishment of debt and debt modification costs of $23.9 million in 2017 and $39.2 million in 2016.
other income (expense), net was an expense of $10.4 million in 2017 compared to an expense of $8.3 million in 2016. in 2017, the expense was primarily related to losses on foreign currency exchange. in 2016, the expense was primarily related to $16.1 million of unrealized and realized losses on fuel swap derivative hedge contracts partially offset by $4.5 million of gains on foreign currency exchange and $3.9 million of gains on foreign currency exchange derivative hedge contracts.
in 2017, we had an income tax expense of $10.7 million compared to $7.2 million in 2016. the expense in 2017 had benefits of $7.7 million from the impact on our net deferred tax liabilities of a change in both u.s. and u.k. tax rates due to tax reform and a reversal of prior years' contingency reserves of $11.6 million. the expense in 2016 had a benefit due to the reversal of a valuation allowance of $3.6 million.
45

liquidity and capital resources general as of december 31, 2018, our liquidity was $908.9 million consisting of $163.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and $745.0 million available under our revolving loan facility. our primary ongoing liquidity requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service.
as of december 31, 2018, we had a working capital deficit of $2.6 billion. this deficit included $1.6 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collect in advance of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities. our business model, along with our revolving loan facility, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs.
we evaluate potential sources of additional liquidity, including the capital markets, in the ordinary course of business. we will continue to evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, taking into consideration our current and expected capital requirements, our assessment of prevailing market conditions and expectations regarding future conditions, and the contractual and other restrictions to which we are subject.
our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions and/or to pay dividends to nclc and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. nclh is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to nclh to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. however, we do not believe that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations.
in january 2019, we (a) reduced the pricing of our existing $875.0 million revolving loan facility, (b) reduced the pricing and increased the approximately $1.3 billion principal amount outstanding under the term loan a facility to $1.6 billion, and (c) extended the maturity dates for our revolving loan facility and our term loan a facility to 2024, subject to certain conditions. we used the proceeds from the increase in our term loan a facility to prepay all of the then outstanding amounts under the term loan b facility.
sources and uses of cash in this section, references to 2018 refer to the year ended december 31, 2018, references to 2017 refer to the year ended december 31, 2017 and references to 2016 refer to the year ended december 31, 2016.
net cash provided by operating activities was $2.1 billion in 2018 compared to $1.6 billion in 2017 and $1.3 billion in 2016. the net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 included net income of $954.8 million, an increase in advance ticket sales of $262.6 million and timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities. without the adoption of topic 606, advance ticket sales would have increased by $250.6 million in 2018. we refer you to note 3- "revenue and expense from contracts with customers" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the effects of the adoption of topic 606. the change in net cash provided by operating activities in 2017 includes net income of $759.9 million compared to net income of $633.1 million in 2016, as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities, including advance ticket sales of $154.0 million in 2017 and $135.0 million in 2016.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.5 billion in 2018, primarily related to payments for the delivery of norwegian bliss, ships under construction, ship improvement projects, and shoreside projects. net cash used in investing activities was $1.4 billion in 2017, primarily related to payments for the delivery of norwegian joy, ship improvements, ships under construction and shoreside projects. net cash used in investing activities was $1.1 billion in 2016, primarily related to payments for the delivery of seven seas explorer, ship improvements, ships under construction and shoreside projects.
net cash used in financing activities was $584.8 million in 2018, reflecting the net repayment of our revolving loan facility, repayments on other loan facilities, the repurchase of nclh's ordinary shares and deferred financing fees and other, partially offset by the proceeds from borrowings on newbuild loan facilities. net cash used in financing activities was $148.5 million in 2017, reflecting the repayment of our 4.625% senior unsecured notes, our net repayment of our revolving loan facility, repayments on other loan facilities and deferred financing fees and other, partially offset by the proceeds from our breakaway four loan facility. net cash used in financing activities was $122.8 million in 2016, reflecting the repayments of our 5.25% senior unsecured notes, net repayments of our then existing revolving loan facility, repayments on other loan facilities, the repurchase of nlch's ordinary shares and deferred financing fees and other, partially offset by issuance of our $700.0 million 4.750% senior unsecured notes.
46

future capital commitments future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments, including ship construction contracts, and future expected capital expenditures necessary for operations as well as our ship refurbishment projects. as of december 31, 2018, anticipated capital expenditures were $1.6 billion, $1.2 billion and $0.7 billion for the years ending december 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. we have export credit financing in place for the anticipated expenditures related to ship construction contracts of $0.6 billion, $0.5 billion and $0.2 billion for the years ending december 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. these future expected capital expenditures will significantly increase our depreciation and amortization expense as we take delivery of the ships.
project leonardo will introduce an additional six ships, each approximately 140,000 gross tons with approximately 3,300 berths, with expected delivery dates from 2022 through 2027, subject to certain conditions. we have a breakaway plus class ship, norwegian encore, with approximately 168,000 gross tons with 4,000 berths, on order for delivery in the fall of 2019. for the regent brand, we have orders for two explorer class ships, seven seas splendor and an additional ship, to be delivered in 2020 and 2023, respectively. each of the explorer class ships will be approximately 55,000 gross tons and 750 berths. for the oceania cruises brand, we have orders for two allura class ships to be delivered in 2022 and 2025. each of the allura class ships will be approximately 67,000 gross tons and 1,200 berths.
the combined contract prices of the 11 ships on order for delivery was approximately €7.9 billion, or $9.1 billion based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2018. we have obtained export credit financing which is expected to fund approximately 80% of the contract price of each ship, subject to certain conditions. we do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellations to occur. however, if any such events were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
capitalized interest for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $30.4 million, $29.0 million and $33.7 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our newbuild ships.
off-balance sheet transactions none.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018, our contractual obligations with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year, including interest payments on long-term debt obligations, were as follows (in thousands):
total            less than         1-3 years          3-5 years           more than
1 year                                                  5 years

long-term debt (1)                       $6,609,866          $681,218        $3,232,177            $929,088          $1,767,383
operating leases (2)                        128,550            16,651            31,420              27,853              52,626
ship construction contracts (3)           5,141,441           912,858           662,687           1,976,223           1,589,673
port facilities (4)                       1,738,036            62,388           151,682             157,330           1,366,636
interest (5)                                974,444           222,427           404,380             165,172             182,465
other (6)                                 1,381,518           248,107           433,161             354,454             345,796
total (7)                               $15,973,855        $2,143,649        $4,915,507          $3,610,120          $5,304,579
(1)                                                                                                                                                     long-term debt includes discount and premiums aggregating $0.4 million and capital leases. long-term debt excludes deferred financing fees which are a direct deduction from the carrying value of the related debt liability in the consolidated balance sheets.

(2)   operating leases are primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment.
(3)   ship construction contracts are for our newbuild ships based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2018. export credit financing is in place from syndicates of banks. the amount does not include the two project leonardo ships, one explorer class ship and two allura class ships which were still subject to financing and certain italian government approvals as of december 31, 2018. we refer you to note 17- "subsequent events" in the notes to consolidated financial statements for details regarding the financing for certain ships.
(4)   port facilities are for our usage of certain port facilities.
(5)   interest includes fixed and variable rates with libor held constant as of december 31, 2018.
(6)   other includes future commitments for service, maintenance and other business enhancement capital expenditure contracts.
(7)   total excludes $0.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2018, because an estimate of the timing of future tax settlements cannot be reasonably determined.
47

other certain service providers may require collateral in the normal course of our business. the amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions.
as a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions, exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these transactions were to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations, or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities.
funding sources certain of our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain certain other ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. substantially all of our ships and other property and equipment are pledged as collateral for certain of our debt. we believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2018.
in addition, our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries, including nclc, to make distributions and/or pay dividends to nclh and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. nclh is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to it to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. however, we do not believe that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations.
the impact of changes in world economies and especially the global credit markets can create a challenging environment and may reduce future consumer demand for cruises and adversely affect our counterparty credit risks. in the event this environment deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we believe our cash on hand, expected future operating cash inflows, additional available borrowings under our revolving loan facility and our ability to issue debt securities or additional equity securities, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants under our debt agreements over the next 12-month period. there is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations.
