item 1a. risk factors the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected.
economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the u.s. and europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. to the extent that global or national economic conditions weaken and result in slower growth or recessions, our business is likely to be negatively impacted. adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. poor economic conditions may result in a reduction in the demand for our products and services, including our market technology, data, index and corporate solutions, a decline in trading volumes or values and deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies. over 73% of our revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2018 were recurring or subscription-based and if adverse conditions cause our customers to delay or cancel existing orders or subscriptions, our revenues will decline.
trading volumes and values are driven primarily by general market conditions and declines in trading volumes or values may affect our market share and impact our pricing. in addition,
13
our market services businesses receive revenues from a relatively small number of customers concentrated in the financial industry, so any event that impacts one or more customers or the financial industry in general could impact our revenues.
the number of listings on our markets is primarily influenced by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, available sources of financing, and tax and regulatory policies. adverse conditions may jeopardize the ability of our listed companies to comply with the continued listing requirements of our exchanges.
information services revenues may be significantly affected by global economic conditions. professional subscriptions to our data products are at risk if staff reductions occur in financial services companies, which could result in significant reductions in our professional user revenue. in addition, adverse market conditions may cause reductions in the number of non-professional investors with investments in the market and in etp assets under management tracking nasdaq indexes.
there may be less demand for our corporate solutions or market technology products if global economic conditions are weak. our customers historically cut back on purchases of new services and technology when growth rates decline, thereby reducing our opportunities to sell new products and services or upgrade existing products and services.
a reduction in trading volumes or values, market share of trading, the number of our listed companies, or demand for information services, market technology or corporate services products and services due to economic conditions or other market factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
the industries we operate in are highly competitive.
we face significant competition in our market technology, information services and corporate services businesses from other market participants. we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. this competition includes both product and price competition.
the liberalization and globalization of world markets has resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition. as a result, both in the u.s. and in other countries, the competition among exchanges and other execution venues has become more intense. marketplaces in both europe and the u.s. have also merged to achieve greater economies of scale and scope.
regulatory changes also have facilitated the entry of new participants in the european union that compete with our european markets. the regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and in europe, is structured to maintain this environment of intense competition. in addition, a high proportion of business in the securities markets is becoming concentrated in a smaller number of institutions and our revenue may therefore become concentrated in a smaller number of customers.
we also compete globally with other regulated exchanges and markets, atss, mtfs and other traditional and non-traditional execution venues. some of these competitors also are our customers. competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. competitors may leverage data more effectively or enter into strategic partnerships, mergers or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data or technology businesses more competitive than ours.
we face intense price competition in all areas of our business. in particular, the trading industry is characterized by intense price competition. we have in the past lowered prices, and in the u.s., increased rebates for trade executions to attempt to gain or maintain market share. these strategies have not always been successful and have at times hurt operating performance. additionally, we have also been, and may once again be, required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by competitors and new entrants, which could adversely impact operating results. we also compete with respect to the pricing of data products and with respect to products for pre-trade book data and for post-trade last sale data. in addition, pricing in our corporate services, index licensing and services and market technology businesses is subject to competitive pressures.
if we are unable to compete successfully in the industries in which we do business, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
system limitations or failures could harm our business.
our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. if new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. these consequences could result in service outages, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer satisfaction and regulatory sanctions. our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays.
although we currently maintain and expect to maintain multiple computer facilities that are designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions and have facilities in place that are expected to maintain service during a system disruption, such systems and facilities may prove inadequate. if trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. we do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any volume increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.
while we have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners, we cannot guarantee that such events will not
14
occur in the future. any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position.
we intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may spend substantial time and money developing new products, initiatives and enhancements to existing products. if these products and initiatives are not successful, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in our technology operations, we have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms and the adoption of new technologies, such as blockchain, machine intelligence and the cloud. although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. if we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, clients may delay purchases in anticipation of new products or enhancements.
a decline in trading and clearing volumes or values or market share will decrease our trading and clearing revenues.
trading and clearing volumes and values are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of securities and the overall level of investor confidence. in recent years, trading and clearing volumes and values across our markets have fluctuated significantly depending on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. current initiatives being considered by regulators and governments could have a material adverse effect on overall trading and clearing volumes or values. because a significant percentage of our revenues is tied directly to the volume or value of securities traded and cleared on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading and clearing volumes or values would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results if we are unable to offset falling volumes or values through pricing changes. declines in trading and clearing volumes or values may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
if our total market share in securities decreases relative to our competitors, our venues may be viewed as less attractive sources of liquidity. if our exchanges are perceived to be less liquid, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
since some of our exchanges offer clearing services in addition to trading services, a decline in market share of trading could lead to a decline in clearing revenues. declines in market share also could result in issuers viewing the value of a listing on our exchanges as less attractive, thereby adversely affecting our listing business. finally, declines in market share of nasdaq-listed securities could lower the nasdaq stock market's share of tape pool revenues under the consolidated data plans, thereby reducing the revenues of our data products business.
our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack.
our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. some of these threats include attacks from foreign governments, hacktivists, insiders and criminal organizations. foreign governments may seek to obtain a foothold in u.s. critical infrastructure, hacktivists may seek to deploy denial of service attacks to bring attention to their cause, insiders may pose a risk by human error or malicious activity and criminal organizations may seek to profit from stolen data. computer viruses and worms also continue to be a threat with ransomware increasingly being used by criminals to extort money. given our position in the global securities industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events.
while we continue to employ resources to monitor our systems and protect our infrastructure, these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. any system issue, whether as a result of an intentional breach, collateral damage from a new virus or a non-malicious act, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, experience lower trading volumes or values, incur significant liabilities or otherwise have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. any system breach may go undetected for an extended period of time. we also could incur significant expense in addressing any of these problems and in addressing related data security and privacy concerns.
the success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers.
the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. we may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. for example, we must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. if we are unable to develop our platforms to include other
15
products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully. further, our failure to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences or any significant delays in product development efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
we must rationalize, coordinate and integrate the operations of our acquired businesses, including quandl and cinnober. this process involves complex technological, operational and personnel-related challenges, which are time-consuming and expensive and may disrupt our business. the difficulties, costs and delays that could be encountered may include:
•   difficulties, costs or complications in combining the companies' operations, including technology platforms, which could lead to us not achieving the synergies we anticipate or customers not renewing their contracts with us as we migrate platforms;
•   incompatibility of systems and operating methods;
•   reliance on, or provision of, transition services;
•   inability to use capital assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;
•   difficulties of complying with government-imposed regulations in the u.s. and abroad, which may be conflicting;
•   resolving possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures;
•   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and other strategic opportunities;
•   difficulties in operating businesses we have not operated before;
•   difficulties of integrating multiple acquired businesses simultaneously;
•   the retention of key employees and management;
•   the implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls and financial reporting systems at non-u.s. subsidiaries to enable us to comply with u.s. gaap and u.s. securities laws and regulations, including the sarbanes oxley act of 2002, required as a result of our status as a reporting company under the exchange act;
•   the coordination of geographically separate organizations;
•   the coordination and consolidation of ongoing and future research and development efforts;
•   possible tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of a combined company;
•   pre-tax restructuring and revenue investment costs;
•   the retention of strategic partners and attracting new strategic partners; and
•   negative impacts on employee morale and performance as a result of job changes and reassignments.
for these reasons, we may not achieve the anticipated financial and strategic benefits from our acquisitions and initiatives. any actual cost savings and synergies may be lower than we expect and may take a longer time to achieve than we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions.
we will need to invest in our operations to maintain and grow our business and to integrate acquisitions, and we may need additional funds, which may not be readily available.
we depend on the availability of adequate capital to maintain and develop our business. although we believe that we can meet our current capital requirements from internally generated funds, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, if the capital and credit markets experience volatility, access to capital or credit may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. limited access to capital or credit in the future could have an impact on our ability to refinance debt, maintain our credit rating, meet our regulatory capital requirements, engage in strategic initiatives, make acquisitions or strategic investments in other companies, pay dividends, repurchase our stock or react to changing economic and business conditions. if we are unable to fund our capital or credit requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition to our debt obligations, we will need to continue to invest in our operations for the foreseeable future to integrate acquired businesses and to fund new initiatives. if we do not achieve the expected operating results, we will need to reallocate our cash resources. this may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business or to integrate acquired businesses.
should we need to raise funds through issuing additional equity, our equity holders will suffer dilution. should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even more restrictive than those contained in our credit facilities, the indentures governing our notes and our other debt instruments. furthermore, if adverse economic conditions occur, we could experience decreased revenues from our operations which could affect our ability to satisfy financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under our existing indebtedness.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and enforcement proceedings if we fail to comply with regulatory obligations that can be ambiguous and can change unexpectedly.
16
we operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s., europe and canada. the securities trading industry is subject to significant regulatory oversight and could be subject to increased governmental and public scrutiny in the future that can change in response to global conditions and events.
our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. while we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks and regulatory obligations, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed.
our regulated markets are subject to audits, investigations, administrative proceedings and enforcement actions relating to compliance with applicable rules and regulations. regulators have broad powers to impose fines, penalties or censure, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit operations, revoke licenses or registrations and impose other sanctions on our exchanges, broker-dealers and markets for violations of applicable requirements.
for example, during 2016, the sfsa and the other nordic financial supervisory authorities conducted investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse. in december 2016, we were issued a $6 million fine by the sfsa as a result of findings in connection with its investigation. the sfsa's conclusions related to governance issues rather than systems and platform security. we have appealed this decision and the final outcome is still pending.
in the future, we could be subject to regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings that could result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of our operating licenses. any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, our exchanges could be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate.
our clearinghouse operations expose us to risks, including credit or liquidity risks that may include defaults by clearing members, or insufficiencies in margins or default funds.
we are subject to risks relating to our operation of a clearinghouse, including counterparty and liquidity risks, risk of defaults by clearing members and risks associated with adequacy of the customer margin and of default funds. our clearinghouse operations expose us to counterparties with differing risk profiles. we may be adversely impacted by the financial distress or failure of a clearing member, which may cause us negative financial impact, reputational harm or regulatory consequences, including litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
in september 2018, a member of the nasdaq clearing commodities market defaulted due to an inability to post sufficient collateral to cover increased margin requirements for the positions of the relevant member, which had experienced losses due to sharp adverse movements in the nordic - german power market spread. nasdaq clearing followed default procedures and offset the future market risk on the defaulting member's positions. the default resulted in a loss of $133 million which was allocated to nasdaq clearing and the members of the commodities default fund in accordance with the liability waterfall.
to the extent that our regulatory capital and risk management policies are not adequate to manage future financial and operational risks in our clearinghouse, we may experience adverse consequences to our operating results or ability to conduct our business.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons.
we clear or stand as riskless principal to a range of equity-related and fixed-income-related derivative products, commodities and resale and repurchase agreements. we assume the counterparty risk for all transactions that are cleared through our markets and guarantee that our cleared contracts will be honored. we enforce minimum financial and operational criteria for membership eligibility, require members and investors to provide collateral, and maintain established risk policies and procedures to ensure that the counterparty risks are properly monitored and proactively managed; however, none of these measures provides absolute assurance against experiencing financial losses from defaults by our counterparties on their obligations. no guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient. although we maintain clearing capital resources to serve as an additional layer of protection to help ensure that we are able to meet our obligations, these resources may not be sufficient.
in addition, one of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, execution access, has a clearing arrangement with the industrial and commercial bank of china financial services llc, or icbc. as of december 31, 2018, we have contributed $15 million of clearing deposits to icbc in connection with this clearing arrangement. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by icbc through the fixed income clearing corporation. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the
17
individual transactions, which is at least one business day (or more, if specified by the u.s. treasury issuance calendar). counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk. daily position trading limits are also enforced for such counterparties. although we believe that the potential for us to be required to make payments under these arrangements is mitigated through the pledged collateral and our risk management policies, no guarantee can be provided that these arrangements will at all times be sufficient.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears.
credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
the regulatory framework under which we operate and new regulatory requirements or new interpretations of existing regulatory requirements could require substantial time and resources for compliance, which could make it difficult and costly for us to operate our business.
under current u.s. federal securities laws, changes in the rules and operations of our securities markets, including our pricing structure, must be reviewed and in many cases explicitly approved by the sec. the sec may approve, disapprove, or recommend changes to proposals that we submit. in addition, the sec may delay either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. favorable sec rulings and interpretations can be challenged in and reversed by federal courts of appeals, reducing or eliminating the value of such prior interpretations. nfx, our futures exchange, is also regulated by the cftc and subject to a requirement to self-certify changes to these rules by filing with the cftc. any delay in approving changes, or the altering of any proposed change, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must compete not only with atss that are not subject to the same sec approval process but also with other exchanges that may have lower regulation and surveillance costs than us. there is a risk that trading will shift to exchanges that charge lower fees because, among other reasons, they spend significantly less on regulation.
in 2016, the sec approved a plan for nasdaq and other exchanges to establish a market-wide consolidated audit trail, or cat, to improve regulators' ability to monitor trading activity. in addition to increased regulatory obligations, implementation of a consolidated audit trail has resulted in significant additional expenditures, including to implement the new technology to meet any plan's requirements. creating cat has required the development and implementation of complex and costly technology. this development effort has been funded by the sros (including nasdaq) in exchange for promissory notes that nasdaq expects to be repaid at such time that the sec approves the assessment of fees for the funding of cat. the sec could determine not to approve the assessment of such fees in which case some or all of the promissory notes would not be repaid. in addition, the ongoing failure to timely launch or properly operate such technology exposes nasdaq and other exchanges to sec fines.
in addition, our registered broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the sec, finra and other sros. these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity, which require that they comply with certain minimum capital requirements. the sec and finra impose rules that require notification when a broker-dealer's net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, dictate the ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. additionally, the sec's uniform net capital rule and finra rules impose certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the sec and finra for certain withdrawals of capital. any failure to comply with these broker-dealer regulations could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business, financial condition and operating results.
our non-u.s. business is subject to regulatory oversight in all the countries in which we operate regulated businesses, such as exchanges, clearinghouses or central securities depositories. in these countries, we have received authorization from the relevant authorities to conduct our regulated business activities. the authorities may revoke this authorization if we do not suitably carry out our regulated business activities. the authorities are also entitled to request that we adopt measures in order to ensure that we continue to fulfill the authorities' requirements.
furthermore, certain of our customers operate in a highly regulated industry. regulatory authorities could impose regulatory changes that could impact the ability of our customers to use our exchanges. the loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in trading activity on any of our exchanges as a result of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
regulatory changes and changes in market structure could have a material adverse effect on our business.
regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure, technological oversight and transaction fees. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets.
18
industry responses to the mifid ii and mifir rules, eu benchmark regulation or other applicable rules could affect our operations in europe. changes to the rules themselves could also affect our operations in europe. in addition, actions on any of the specific regulatory issues currently under review in the u.s. and europe could have a material impact on our business.
with respect to our regulated businesses, our business model can be severely impacted by policy decisions. for example, the sec has recently proposed an exchange transaction fee pilot program that could result in future regulatory changes and we, along with other stock exchanges, have challenged the sec's order adopting the program in a court action. our opponents in some market are larger and better funded and, if successful in influencing certain policies, may successfully advocate for positions that adversely impact our business. while we support regulatory efforts to review and improve the structure, resilience and integrity of the markets, these proposed regulatory changes and future reforms could impose significant costs, including litigation costs, and other obligations on the operation of our exchanges and processor systems and have other impacts on our business.
regulatory changes or future court rulings may have an adverse impact on our revenue from proprietary data products.
regulatory and legal developments could reduce the amount of revenue that we earn from our proprietary data products. in the u.s., we generally are required to file with the sec to establish or modify the fees that we charge for our data products. in recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain data products.
in october 2018, the sec determined that we had not established that a fee for one of our data products was fair and reasonable, and also directed us to establish a procedure for reviewing other challenged fees. we have appealed both sec actions to a federal appeals court. if the results of appeals, or further actions by the sec, are detrimental to our u.s. exchanges' ability to charge for data products, there could be a negative impact on our revenues. we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory changes will be implemented, or their potential impact on our business. a determination by the sec, for example, to link data fees to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the data rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of data fees could have an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
in canada, all new marketplace fees and changes to existing fees, including trading and data fees, must be filed with and approved by the ontario securities commission. in 2016, the canadian securities administrators approved amendments adopting a data fees methodology that restricts the total amount of fees that can be charged by all marketplaces to a reference level that is not yet defined. when a reference is established, all marketplaces will be subject to annual reviews of their market data fees tying market data revenues to market share.
our european exchanges currently offer data products to customers on a non-discriminatory and reasonable commercial basis. the mifid ii/mifir rules entail that the price for regulated data such as pre- and post-trade data shall be based on cost plus a reasonable margin. however, what constitutes "reasonable margin" is not clearly defined. there is a risk that a different interpretation of this term may influence the fees for european data products adversely. in addition, any future actions by the european commission or european court decisions could affect our ability to offer data products in the same manner as today, thereby causing an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
technology issues relating to our role as exclusive processor for nasdaq-listed stocks could affect our business.
nasdaq, as technology provider to the utp operating committee, implemented in 2016 measures to enhance the resiliency of the existing processor system. additionally, the utp operating committee approved nasdaq's proposal to transfer the processor technology from its current enhanced platform to our inet platform. the migration, which was completed in late 2016, further enhanced the resiliency of the processor systems. in 2018, we further improved the systems resiliency by adding the utp snapshot service. however if, despite these improvement measures, future outages occur or the processor systems fail to function properly while we are operating the systems, it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or operating results.
our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage.
we have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. some of our operations require complex processes, and the introduction of new products or services or changes in processes or reporting due to regulatory requirements may result in an increased risk of errors for a period after implementation.
data, other content or information that we distribute may contain errors or be delayed, causing reputational harm. use of our products and services as part of the investment process creates the risk that clients, or the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, may pursue claims against us in the event of such delay or error. even with a favorable outcome, significant litigation against us might unduly burden management, personnel, financial and other resources.
in addition, the sophisticated software we sell to our customers may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may be discovered only after delivery. these errors may result in negative customer experiences that could damage our reputation, thereby causing loss of customers, loss of revenues and liability for damages, thereby adversely affecting our business and financial results.
19
uncertainty relating to the united kingdom's exit from the european union could cause uncertainty and adversely impact our business.
we continue to evaluate the potential effect of the united kingdom's planned departure from the european union (commonly referred to as brexit) on our business operations and financial results. if the united kingdom's membership in the european union terminates without an agreement for the united kingdom's orderly departure from the european union there could be unfavorable consequences including a deterioration of general economic conditions, increased costs from re-imposition of tariffs on trade between the united kingdom and european union, volatility of foreign exchange rates and legal uncertainty. brexit may also have adverse tax effects on movement of products or activities between the uk and eu.
currently, we do not anticipate that brexit will have a material impact on our operations or our financial results. while we have operations in the uk, these operations are limited in scope and not material to our overall business. however, we may be impacted if our customers in the uk are subject to additional costs or restrictions in accessing our products or services. in addition, the overall impact of brexit may create further global economic uncertainty, which may adversely impact the activities of our customers.
laws and regulations regarding the handling of personal data and information may affect our services or result in increased costs, legal claims or fines against us.
our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. legal and contractual requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data continue to evolve; regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently across jurisdictions and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.
the european union general data protection regulation, or gdpr, which became effective in may 2018, extends the scope of the european union data protection law and requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. in addition to directly applying to certain nasdaq business activities, this regulation impacts many of our customers, which may affect their requirements and decisions related to services that we offer. although we have implemented a program to address gdpr requirements, our efforts to comply with gdpr and other privacy and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could impact the services that we offer. furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
stagnation or decline in the listings market could have an adverse effect on our revenues.
the market for listings is dependent on the prosperity of companies and the availability of risk capital. a stagnation or decline in the number of new listings on the nasdaq stock market and the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges could cause a decrease in revenues for future years. furthermore, a prolonged decrease in the number of listings could negatively impact the growth of our transactions revenues. our corporate solutions business is also impacted by declines in the listings market or increases in acquisitions activity as there will be fewer publicly-traded customers that need our products.
our credit rating could increase the cost of our funding from the capital markets.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by two of the major rating agencies. these rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term debt and commercial paper are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and corporate development activity, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting our industry generally. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. our failure to maintain those ratings could reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding and increase our cost of capital. a reduction in credit ratings would also result in increases in the cost of our commercial paper and other outstanding debt as the interest rate on the outstanding amounts under our credit facilities and most tranches of our senior notes fluctuates based on our credit ratings.
damage to our reputation or brand name could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.
one of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to:
•   our ability to maintain the security of our data and systems;
•   the quality and reliability of our technology platforms and systems;
•   the ability to fulfill our regulatory obligations;
•   the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demand;
•   the representation of our business in the media;
•   the accuracy of our financial statements and other financial and statistical information;
•   the accuracy of our financial guidance or other information provided to our investors;
•   the quality of our corporate governance structure;
•   the quality of our products, including the reliability of our transaction-based, corporate solutions and market
20
technology products, the accuracy of the quote and trade information provided by our data products business and the accuracy of calculations used by our index licensing and services business for indexes and unit investment trusts;
•   the quality of our disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision;
•   extreme price volatility on our markets;
•   any negative publicity surrounding our listed companies;
•   any negative publicity surrounding the use of our products or\and services by our customers, including in connection with emerging asset classes such as crypto assets; and
•   any misconduct, fraudulent activity or theft by our employees or other persons formerly or currently associated with us.
damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the trading volumes or values on our exchanges or cause us to lose customers in our data products, index licensing and services, corporate solutions or market technology businesses. this, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we may be required to recognize impairments of our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets in the future.
our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and intangible assets, and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. as of december 31, 2018, goodwill totaled $6.4 billion and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled $2.3 billion. the determination of the value of such goodwill and intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.
we assess goodwill and intangible assets, as well as other long-lived assets, including equity and cost method investments and property and equipment, for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. we estimate the fair value of such assets by assessing many factors, including historical performance, capital requirements and projected cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to project future cash flows and evaluate the impact of expected operating and macroeconomic changes on these cash flows. the estimates and assumptions we use are consistent with our internal planning process. however, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates.
there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, and there were no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in 2018 and 2017. as discussed in "goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million in 2016.
we may experience future events that may result in asset impairments. future disruptions to our business, prolonged economic weakness or significant declines in operating results at any of our reporting units or businesses, may result in impairment charges to goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. a significant impairment charge in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
for additional discussion of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, including related impairment, see "goodwill and related impairment," "indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment," and "other long-lived assets and related impairment," of "critical accounting policies and estimates," of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and "goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets," and "valuation of other long-lived assets," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," and note 5, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements.
we may experience fluctuations in our operating results, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
our industry is risky and unpredictable and is directly affected by many national and international factors beyond our control, including:
•   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
•   natural disasters, terrorism, war or other catastrophes;
•   broad trends in finance and technology;
•   changes in price levels and volatility in the stock markets;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   changes in government monetary or tax policy;
•   the perceived attractiveness of the u.s. or european capital markets; and
•   inflation.
any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading volumes or values.
additionally, since borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates, any increase in interest rates on debt that we have not fixed using interest rate hedges will increase our interest expense, reduce our cash flow or increase the cost of future borrowings or refinancings. other than variable rate debt, we believe our business has relatively large fixed costs and low variable costs, which magnifies the impact of revenue fluctuations on our operating results. as a result, a decline in our revenue may lead to a relatively larger impact on operating results. a substantial portion of our operating expenses is related to personnel costs, regulation and corporate overhead, none of which can be adjusted quickly and some of which cannot be adjusted at all. our operating expense levels are based on our
21
expectations for future revenue. if actual revenue is below management's expectations, or if our expenses increase before revenues do, both revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. because of these factors, it is possible that our operating results or other operating metrics may fail to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors. if this happens, the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.
our leverage limits our financial flexibility, increases our exposure to weakening economic conditions and may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
our indebtedness as of december 31, 2018 was $3.8 billion. we may borrow additional amounts by utilizing available liquidity under our existing credit facilities or issuing short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes through our commercial paper program.
our leverage could:
•   reduce funds available to us for operations and general corporate purposes or for capital expenditures as a result of the dedication of a substantial portion of our consolidated cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•   increase our exposure to a continued downturn in general economic conditions;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors with less debt;
•   affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for refinancing indebtedness, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes; and
•   increase our cost of debt and reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper.
in addition, we must comply with the covenants in our credit facilities. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens on assets, dispose of assets and pay dividends (although we are permitted to pay cash dividends on our common stock). failure to meet any of the covenant terms of our credit facilities could result in an event of default. if an event of default occurs, and we are unable to receive a waiver of default, our lenders may increase our borrowing costs, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings and accelerate all amounts outstanding.
we are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities.
many aspects of our business potentially involve substantial liability risks. although under current law we are immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, this immunity only covers certain of our activities in the u.s., and we could be exposed to liability under national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies.
some of our other liability risks arise under the laws and regulations relating to the tax, employment, intellectual property, anti-money laundering, technology export, foreign asset controls, foreign corrupt practices areas, employee labor and employment areas, including anti-discrimination and fair-pay laws and regulations.
liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade, claims that a system failure or delay cost a customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a securities transaction. as we intend to defend any such litigation actively, significant legal expenses could be incurred. although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some cases, we still may sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance that would affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we have self-regulatory obligations and also operate for-profit businesses, and these two roles may create conflicts of interest.
we have obligations to regulate and monitor activities on our markets and ensure compliance with applicable law and the rules of our markets by market participants and listed companies. in the u.s., some have expressed concern about potential conflicts of interest of "for-profit" markets performing the regulatory functions of an sro. although our u.s. cash equity and options exchanges outsource a portion of their market regulation functions to finra, we do perform regulatory functions and bear regulatory responsibility related to our listed companies and our markets. any failure by us to diligently and fairly regulate our markets or to otherwise fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt sec scrutiny and adversely affect our business and reputation.
our nordic and baltic exchanges monitor trading and compliance with listing standards in accordance with the european union's market abuse regulation and other applicable laws. the prime objective of such monitoring activities is to promote confidence in the exchanges among the general public and to ensure fair and orderly functioning markets. the monitoring functions within the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges are the responsibility of the surveillance departments or other surveillance personnel. the surveillance departments or personnel are intended to strengthen the integrity of and confidence in these exchanges and to avoid conflicts of interest. any failure to diligently and fairly regulate the nordic and baltic exchanges could significantly harm our reputation, prompt scrutiny from regulators and adversely affect our business and reputation.
failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our brand-building efforts and ability to compete effectively.
to protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, clients, strategic partners, employees and others. however, the efforts we have
22
taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufficient, or effective, at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
we have registered, or applied to register, our trademarks in the united states and in over 50 foreign jurisdictions and have pending u.s. and foreign applications for other trademarks. we also maintain copyright protection on our branded materials and pursue patent protection for software products, inventions and other processes developed by us. we also hold a number of patents, patent applications and licenses in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions. however, effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection might not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our services and products are offered. moreover, changes in patent law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. in particular, recent amendments to the u.s. patent law may affect our ability to protect and defend our innovations. there is also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufficient in some cases, or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm our brand and affect our ability to compete effectively. further, defending our intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims against us, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology or business processes where such use is found to infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we rely on third parties to perform certain functions, and our business could be adversely affected if these third parties fail to perform as expected.
we rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, data storage, data content, clearing and other services. to the extent that any of our vendors or other third-party service providers experiences difficulties, materially changes their business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform their obligations, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we also rely on members of our trading community to maintain markets and add liquidity. to the extent that any of our largest members experiences difficulties, materially changes its business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform market making activities, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and any restrictions on our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, we require dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries to meet cash requirements. minimum capital requirements mandated by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over some of our regulated subsidiaries indirectly restrict the amount of dividends paid upstream.
in addition, unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
if our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends and make other payments to us when needed, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
acquisitions, dispositions, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities may require significant resources and/or result in significant unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities.
over the past several years, acquisitions have been significant factors in our growth. we also may divest additional businesses or assets in the future. although we cannot predict our transactional activities with complete accuracy, we believe that additional acquisitions, divestments, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities will be important to our strategy. such transactions may be material in size and scope. many of the other potential purchasers of assets in our industry have greater financial resources than we have. therefore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to complete future transactions on terms favorable to us.
we also invest in startups through our nasdaq venture program and also hold minority interests in other entities. given the size of these investments, we do not have operational control of these entities and may have limited visibility into risk management practices. thus, we may be subject to additional capital requirements in certain circumstances and financial and reputational risks if there are operational failures.
we may finance future transactions by issuing additional equity and/or debt. the issuance of additional equity in connection with any such transaction could be substantially dilutive to existing shareholders. in addition, announcement or implementation of future transactions by us or others could have a material effect on the price of our common stock. the issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. we could face financial risks associated with incurring additional debt, particularly if the debt results in significant incremental leverage. additional debt may reduce our liquidity, curtail our access to financing markets, impact our standing with credit rating agencies and increase the cash flow required for debt service. any incremental debt incurred to finance a transaction could also place significant constraints on the operation of our business.
23
furthermore, any future transactions could entail a number of additional risks, including:
•   problems with effective integration of operations;
•   the inability to maintain key pre-transaction business relationships;
•   reliance on, or provision of, transition services;
•   increased operating costs;
•   the diversion of our management team from other operations;
•   problems with regulatory bodies;
•   risks associated with divesting employees, customers or vendors when divesting businesses or assets;
•   declines in the value of investments;
•   exposure to unanticipated liabilities;
•   difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings; and
•   changes in our credit rating and financing costs.
changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
like other corporations, we are subject to taxes at the federal, state and local levels, as well as in non-u.s. jurisdictions. changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could result in us having to pay higher taxes, which would in turn reduce our net income.
in addition, some of our subsidiaries are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or operate. in computing our tax obligation in these jurisdictions, we take various tax positions. we cannot assure you that upon review of these positions the applicable authorities will agree with our positions. a successful challenge by a tax authority could result in additional tax imposed on our subsidiaries.
failure to attract and retain key personnel may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified professional personnel. competition for key personnel in the various localities and business segments in which we operate is intense. our ability to attract and retain key personnel, in particular senior officers or technology personnel, will be dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. there is no guarantee that we will have the continued service of key employees who we rely upon to execute our business strategy and identify and pursue strategic opportunities and initiatives. in particular, we may have to incur costs to replace senior officers or other key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace such persons in a timely manner.
our non-u.s. business operates in various international markets, particularly emerging markets that are subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than developed countries.
our non-u.s. business operates in various international markets, including but not limited to northern europe, the baltics, the middle east, africa and asia. therefore, our non-u.s. operations are subject to the risk inherent in the international environment. political, economic or social events or developments in one or more of our non-u.s. locations could adversely affect our operations and financial results. some locations, such as lithuania, india and the philippines, may increase risk. some of these economies may be subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures.
unforeseen or catastrophic events could interrupt our critical business functions. in addition, our u.s. and european businesses are heavily concentrated in particular areas and may be adversely affected by events in those areas.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, extreme weather, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, human error, theft, sabotage and vandalism. given our position in the global capital markets, we may be more likely than other companies to be a target for malicious disruption activities.
in addition, our u.s. and european business operations are heavily concentrated in the u.s. east coast, and stockholm respectively. any event that impacts either of those geographic areas could potentially affect our ability to operate our businesses.
we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. in april 2018, nasdaq activated its disaster recovery and business continuity plans when its primary data center site in vasby, sweden became unavailable due to an errant fire suppression system. any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. for example, some co-location customers lack adequate disaster recovery solutions to avoid loss of trade flow from a sustained interruption of our critical systems.
because we have operations in numerous countries, we are exposed to currency risk.
we have operations in the u.s., the nordic and baltic countries, the u.k., australia and many other foreign countries. we therefore have significant exposure to exchange rate movements between the euro, swedish krona and other foreign currencies towards the u.s. dollar. significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, changes in local interest rates or other factors. these exchange rate differences will affect the translation of our non-u.s. results of operations and financial condition into u.s. dollars as part of the
24
preparation of our consolidated financial statements and could adversely affect our financial results.
if our risk management methods are not effective, our business, reputation and financial results may be adversely affected.
we utilize widely-accepted methods to identify, assess, monitor and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by nasdaq's global risk management committee, which comprises senior executives and has responsibility for regularly reviewing risks and referring significant risks to the board of directors or specific board committees. by definition, some risk management methods require subjective evaluation of dynamic information regarding markets, customers or other matters. that variable information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. if we do not successfully identify, assess, monitor or manage the risks to which we are exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
charges to earnings resulting from acquisition, integration and restructuring costs may materially adversely affect the market value of our common stock.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are accounting for the completion of our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. we are allocating the total estimated purchase prices to net tangible assets, amortizable intangible assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the acquisitions, recording the excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. our financial results, including earnings per share, could be adversely affected by a number of financial adjustments including the following:
•   we may incur additional amortization expense over the estimated useful lives of certain of the intangible assets acquired in connection with acquisitions during such estimated useful lives;
•   we may have additional depreciation expense as a result of recording acquired tangible assets at fair value, in accordance with u.s. gaap, as compared to book value as recorded;
•   to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes impaired, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets;
•   we may incur additional costs from integrating our acquisitions. the success of our acquisitions depends, in part, on our ability to integrate these businesses into our existing operations and realize anticipated cost savings, revenue synergies and growth opportunities; and
•   we may incur restructuring costs in connection with the reorganization of any of our businesses.
decisions to declare future dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors based upon a review of relevant considerations. accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay future dividends to our stockholders.
our board of directors regularly declares quarterly cash dividend payments on our outstanding common stock. future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to approval by nasdaq's board of directors. the board's determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant. based on an evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare future dividends at all or to declare future dividends at a reduced amount. accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay future dividends to our stockholders.
provisions of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, exchange rules (including provisions included to address sec concerns) and governing law restrict the ownership and voting of our common stock. in addition, such provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of us and entrench current management.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
in response to the sec's concern about a concentration of our ownership, the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries include a prohibition on any member or any person associated with a member of the exchange from beneficially owning more than 20% of our outstanding voting interests. sec consent would be required before any investor could obtain more than a 20% voting interest in us. the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries also require the sec's approval of any business ventures with exchange members, subject to exceptions.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
our certificate of incorporation and by-laws:
•   do not permit stockholders to act by written consent;
•   require certain advance notice for director nominations and actions to be taken at annual meetings; and
•   authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, or "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval.
25
section 203 of the delaware general corporation law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more (or, in some cases, a holder who previously held 15% or more) of our common stock. in general, delaware law prohibits a publicly held corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for three years after the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors and stockholders approve the business combination in a prescribed manner.
finally, many of the european countries where we operate regulated entities require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10% or greater of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of nasdaq should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "item 1a. risk factors." for further discussion of our business, including our growth strategy, see "item 1. business."
overview our company we are a leading provider of trading, clearing, marketplace technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public and private company services. our global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, trade management services, market data products, financial indexes, investment data and analytics, capital formation solutions, corporate solutions, and market technology products and services. our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance and many other functions.
strategic direction under the strategic direction that we have been implementing over the past two years, we have focused on maximizing the resources, people and capital allocated to our largest growth opportunities, particularly in our market technology and information services businesses. our investments include our organic initiatives, notably the nasdaq financial framework and related initiatives to deliver our marketplace expertise to banks, brokers and market operators outside the financial industry, as well as to provide compliance capabilities to the buy-side, and our evestment private markets solutions. it also includes the recent acquisitions of cinnober and quandl.
the other pillar of our strategic direction is our continued investment and commitment to sustain our marketplace core. these foundational businesses, comprising the market services and corporate services segments, have earned nasdaq a strategic position at the center of the capital markets in the u.s. and europe. we have been able to create strategic relationships across broker-dealers, investment professionals, corporate clients, and other global market centers, which then provides the potential to expand those relationships with our technology and analytics capabilities.
the focus for both our non-trading (which includes market technology, information services, corporate services and trade management services) and trading (which includes all of market services except trade management services) businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. in addition, our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that both complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, as well as offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value.
factors affecting our business in broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, the regulatory environment for capital markets, changes in technology, and changes in investment patterns and priorities. our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including, among others:
•   the challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, including competition and the quickly evolving nature of the market data business;
•   regulatory changes relating to market structure, including market data, or affecting certain types of instruments, transactions, pricing structures or capital market participants;
•   the demand for information about, or access to, our markets, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our market data and trade management services;
•   the demand for etps licensed to nasdaq's indexes, enhanced analytics and other financial products based on our indexes as well as changes to the underlying assets associated with existing licensed financial products;
•   the outlook of our technology customers for capital market activity;
•   technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability;
•   the acceptance of cloud-based services and advanced analytics by our customers and global regulators;
•   trading volumes and values in equity derivatives, cash equities and ficc, which are driven primarily by overall macroeconomic conditions;
•   the number of companies seeking equity financing, which is affected by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, and availability of diverse sources of financing, as well as tax and regulatory policies;
•   the demand by companies and other organizations for the products sold by our corporate solutions business, which is largely driven by the overall state of the economy and the attractiveness of our offerings;
•   continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the u.s. and europe; and
•   competition related to pricing, product features and service offerings.
30
the following chart presents the current consensus forecast for gross domestic product growth:
although employment and wage data in many regions seems robust, indicating that the underlying global economy is still quite strong, leading indicators in many regions are pointing to a slowdown. global gross domestic product growth forecasts have recently started to slow. in the last quarter of 2018, consensus 2019 growth forecasts have declined 0.1 percentage points to 2.5% for the u.s. and 0.5 percentage points to 1.3% for the eurozone. there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy. uncertainty surrounding the impact of china's economy, trade tariffs and brexit contributed to an increase in market volatility in the last quarter of 2018 and continue to pose a risk to global growth.
additional impacts on our business drivers include the international enactment and implementation of legislative and regulatory initiatives (notably mifid ii in europe), the evolution of market participants' trading and investment strategies, and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry.
the business environment that we expect may influence our financial performance in 2019 may be characterized as follows:
•   rapidly evolving technology for our businesses and their clients;
•   increased demand for applications using emerging technologies and sophisticated analytics by both new entrants and industry incumbents;
•   the expansion of the number of industries, and emergence of new industries, seeking to use advanced market technology;
•   intense competition among u.s. exchanges and dealer-owned systems for cash equity trading and strong competition between mtfs and exchanges in europe for cash equity trading; and
•   globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors extending the competitive horizon beyond national markets.
business segments we manage, operate and provide our products and services in four business segments: market services, corporate services, information services and market technology. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 20, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as four separate segments.
sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses see "revenue recognition and transaction-based expenses," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses.
31
nasdaq's operating results key drivers the following table includes key drivers for our market services, corporate services, information services and market technology segments. in evaluating the performance of our business, our senior management closely evaluates these key drivers.
year ended december 31,
2018                  2017                  2016
market services equity derivative trading and clearing u.s. equity options total industry average daily volume (in millions)                                               18.2                  14.7                  14.4
nasdaq phlx matched market share                                                                15.7    %             17.3    %             16.0    %
the nasdaq options market matched market share                                                   9.4    %              9.2    %              7.8    %
nasdaq bx options matched market share                                                           0.4    %              0.7    %              0.8    %
nasdaq ise options matched market share                                                          8.8    %              9.1    %              5.8    %
nasdaq gemx options matched market share                                                         4.5    %              5.2    %              1.1    %
nasdaq mrx options matched market share                                                          0.1    %              0.1    %              0.1    %
total matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges                                       38.9    %             41.6    %             31.6    %
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic options and futures total average daily volume of options and futures contracts(1)                               339,139               330,218               376,730
cash equity trading total u.s.-listed securities total industry average daily share volume (in billions)                                         7.32                  6.53                  7.35
matched share volume (in billions)                                                             358.5                 295.9                 321.6
the nasdaq stock market matched market share                                                    15.9    %             14.2    %             14.0    %
nasdaq bx matched market share                                                                   2.8    %              3.1    %              2.4    %
nasdaq psx matched market share                                                                  0.8    %              0.8    %              1.0    %
total matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges                                       19.5    %             18.1    %             17.4    %
market share reported to the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility                              31.3    %             34.5    %             33.1    %
total market share(2)                                                                           50.8    %             52.6    %             50.5    %
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic securities average daily number of equity trades executed on nasdaq's exchanges                         618,579               552,104               472,428
total average daily value of shares traded (in billions)                                        $5.6                  $5.3                  $5.1
total market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges                                               67.0    %             67.5    %             62.5    %
ficc fixed income u.s. fixed income notional trading volume (in billions)                                      $15,983               $17,800               $21,504
total average daily volume of nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic fixed income contracts         132,475               116,357                89,252
commodities power contracts cleared (twh)(3)                                                               1,067                 1,199                 1,658
corporate services initial public offerings the nasdaq stock market                                                                          186                   136                    91
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic                                           53                    88                    62
total new listings the nasdaq stock market(4)                                                                       303                   268                   283
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic(5)                                        73                   108                    88
number of listed companies the nasdaq stock market(6)                                                                     3,058                 2,949                 2,897
exchanges that comprise nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic(7)                                     1,019                   984                   900
information services number of licensed etps                                                                          365                   324                   298
etp assets under management tracking nasdaq indexes (in billions)                               $172                  $167                  $124
market technology order intake (in millions)(8)                                                                   $223                  $249                  $235
total order value (in millions)(9)                                                              $695                  $717                  $691
32
____________
(1)   includes finnish option contracts traded on eurex.
(2)   includes transactions executed on the nasdaq stock market's, nasdaq bx's and nasdaq psx's systems plus trades reported through the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility.
(3)   transactions executed on nasdaq commodities or otc and reported for clearing to nasdaq commodities measured by terawatt hours (twh).
(4)   new listings include ipos, including those completed on a best efforts basis, issuers that switched from other listing venues, closed-end funds and separately listed etps.
(5)   new listings include ipos and represent companies listed on the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges and companies on the alternative markets of nasdaq first north.
(6)   number of total listings on the nasdaq stock market at period end, including 392 etps as of december 31, 2018, 373 as of december 31, 2017 and 328 as of december 31, 2016.
(7)   represents companies listed on the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges and companies on the alternative markets of nasdaq first north at period end.
(8)   total contract value of orders signed during the period.
(9)   represents total contract value of signed orders that are yet to be recognized as revenue. market technology deferred revenue, as discussed in note 8, "deferred revenue," to the consolidated financial statements, represents consideration received that is yet to be recognized as revenue for these signed orders. total order value for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 was restated as a result of the adoption of topic 606.
* * * * * *
financial summary the following table summarizes our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2018 when compared with the same period in 2017 and for the year ended december 31, 2017 when compared with the same period in 2016. the comparability of our results of operations between reported periods is impacted by the divestiture of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses in april 2018 and the acquisition of evestment in october 2017. see note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these transactions. for a detailed discussion of our results of operations, see "segment operating results" below. in addition, on january 1, 2018, we adopted topic 606 using the full retrospective method which required restatement of 2017 and 2016 financial statements.
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                    2017                    2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues less transaction-based expenses          $2,526                  $2,411                  $2,276                 4.8        %            5.9        %
operating expenses                                 1,498                   1,420                   1,440                 5.5        %           (1.4       )%
operating income                                   1,028                     991                     836                 3.7        %           18.5        %
interest expense                                    (150     )              (143     )              (135     )           4.9        %            5.9        %
gain on sale of investment security                  118                       -                       -                 n/m                       -        %
net gain on divestiture of businesses                 33                       -                       -                 n/m                       -        %
asset impairment charge                                -                       -                    (578     )             -        %         (100.0       )%
income before income taxes                         1,064                     872                     133                22.0        %          555.6        %
income tax provision                                 606                     143                      27               323.8        %          429.6        %
net income attributable to nasdaq                   $458                    $729                    $106               (37.2       )%          587.7        %
diluted earnings per share                         $2.73                   $4.30                   $0.63               (36.5       )%          582.5        %
cash dividends declared per common share           $1.70                   $1.46                   $1.21                16.4        %           20.7        %
_______
n/m - not meaningful.
in countries with currencies other than the u.s. dollar, revenues and expenses are translated using monthly average exchange rates. impacts on our revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income associated with fluctuations in foreign currency are discussed in more detail under "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
33
segment operating results the following table shows our revenues by segment, transaction-based expenses for our market services segment and total revenues less transaction-based expenses:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                  2017                  2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
market services                                                   $2,709                $2,418                $2,255               12.0        %            7.2        %
transaction-based expenses                                        (1,751    )           (1,537    )           (1,428    )          13.9        %            7.6        %
market services revenues less transaction-based expenses             958                   881                   827                8.7        %            6.5        %
corporate services                                                   528                   501                   477                5.4        %            5.0        %
information services                                                 714                   588                   540               21.4        %            8.9        %
market technology                                                    270                   247                   241                9.3        %            2.5        %
other revenues(1)                                                     56                   194                  $191              (71.1       )%            1.6        %
total revenues less transaction-based expenses                    $2,526                $2,411                $2,276                4.8        %            5.9        %
____________
(1)   includes the revenues from the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses which were sold in april 2018. prior to the sale date, these revenues were included in our corporate solutions business. see "2018 divestiture," of note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
the following charts show our market services, corporate services, information services and market technology segments as a percentage of our total revenues less transaction-based expenses of $2,526 million in 2018, $2,411 million in 2017 and $2,276 million in 2016:
34
35
market services the following table shows total revenues, transaction-based expenses, and total revenues less transaction-based expenses from our market services segment:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
market services revenues:
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues(1)                                       $849                $752                $541               12.9        %           39.0        %
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                                                                      (506    )           (450    )           (288    )          12.4        %           56.3        %
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees(1)                                                 (44    )            (43    )            (25    )           2.3        %           72.0        %
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses           299                 259                 228               15.4        %           13.6        %
cash equity trading revenues(2)                                                         1,476               1,279               1,349               15.4        %           (5.2       )%
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                                                                      (830    )           (692    )           (785    )          19.9        %          (11.8       )%
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees(2)                                                (361    )           (334    )           (309    )           8.1        %            8.1        %
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses                              285                 253                 255               12.6        %           (0.8       )%
ficc revenues                                                                              92                  96                  99               (4.2       )%           (3.0       )%
transaction-based expenses:
transaction rebates                                                                        (8    )            (16    )            (19    )         (50.0       )%          (15.8       )%
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees                                                     (2    )             (2    )             (2    )             -        %              -        %
ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses                                              82                  78                  78                5.1        %              -        %
trade management services revenues                                                        292                 291                 266                0.3        %            9.4        %
total market services revenues less transaction-based expenses                           $958                $881                $827                8.7        %            6.5        %
____________
(1)   includes section 31 fees of $39 million in 2018, $40 million in 2017, and $24 million in 2016. section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
(2)   includes section 31 fees of $343 million in 2018, $319 million in 2017, and $290 million in 2016. section 31 fees are recorded as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues equity derivative trading and clearing revenues and equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016.
the increases in 2018 were primarily due to higher u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by a decrease in our overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
the increases in 2017 were primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of revenues from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016, higher u.s. industry trading volumes and an increase in our overall matched market share executed on nasdaq's u.s. exchanges. further impacting the increase in equity derivative trading revenues was higher section 31 pass-through fee revenue.
section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. in the u.s., we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. pass-through fees can increase or decrease due to rate changes by the sec, our percentage of the overall industry volumes processed on our systems, and differences in actual dollar value of shares traded. since the amount recorded in revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. section 31 fees decreased slightly in 2018 compared with 2017 and increased in 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of section 31 fees from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016.
transaction rebates, in which we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant, increased in both
36
2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to higher u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by decrease in our overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of rebates associated with our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016, increases in the u.s. rebate capture rate, higher u.s. industry trading volumes, and an increase in our overall u.s. matched market share.
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased slightly in 2018 compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher routing fees partially offset by lower section 31 pass-through fees. the increase in 2017 compared with 2016 was primarily due to higher section 31 pass-through fees, associated with our acquisition of ise, as discussed above.
cash equity trading revenues cash equity trading revenues and cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2018 compared 2017 and decreased in 2017 compared with 2016.
the increases in 2018 were primarily due to higher u.s. and european industry trading volumes and an increase in our overall matched market share executed on nasdaq's u.s. exchanges. further impacting the increase in cash equity trading revenues in 2018 was an increase in section 31 pass-through fee revenue.
cash equity trading revenues and cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses decreased in 2017 compared with 2016.
the decreases in 2017 were primarily due to:
•   lower u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by;
•   higher european industry trading volumes; and
•   an increase in our overall u.s. matched market share and european market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
the decrease in cash equity trading revenues in 2017 was also partially offset by an increase in section 31 pass-through fee revenue.
similar to equity derivative trading and clearing, in the u.s. we record section 31 fees as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. since the amount recorded as revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. section 31 fees increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to higher dollar value traded on nasdaq's exchanges, partially offset by lower average sec fee rates. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher dollar value traded on nasdaq's exchanges and higher average sec fee rates.
transaction rebates increased in 2018 compared with 2017 and decreased in 2017 compared with 2016. for the nasdaq stock market, nasdaq psx and nasdaq canada, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that provides the liquidity, and for nasdaq bx, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that takes the liquidity. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in our overall u.s. matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges and higher u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by a decrease in the u.s. rebate capture rate. the decrease in 2017 was primarily due to lower u.s. industry trading volumes, partially offset by an increase in our matched market share executed on nasdaq's exchanges.
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increases were primarily due to higher section 31 pass-through fees, as discussed above.
ficc revenues ficc revenues decreased in 2018 compared with the same period in 2017 primarily due to a decline in revenues related to u.s. fixed income products. ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to higher net revenues at nfx, partially offset by a decline in revenues related to u.s. fixed income products.
ficc revenues decreased in 2017 compared with the same period in 2016 primarily due to volume declines in european commodities products and u.s. fixed income products, partially offset by higher volumes and pricing changes at nfx. ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses were flat in 2017 compared with 2016 as declines in european commodities products and u.s. fixed income products were offset by higher volumes and pricing changes at nfx.
trade management services revenues trade management services revenues increased slightly in 2018 compared with 2017 primarily due to an increase in co-location revenues, partially offset by a decline in port connectivity revenues. the increase in 2017 compared with 2016 was primarily due to an increase in customer demand for third party connectivity, co-location, and test facilities and the inclusion of a full year of revenues from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016.
37
corporate services the following table shows revenues from our corporate services segment:
year ended december 31,                             percentage change
2018                                      2017                2016                      2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
corporate services:
corporate solutions           $238                $234                $208               1.7        %           12.5        %
listing services               290        267                 269                        8.6        %           (0.7       )%
total corporate services      $528                $501                $477               5.4        %            5.0        %
corporate solutions revenues corporate solutions revenues increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in board & leadership revenues and a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $2 million, partially offset by a decrease in our governance, risk & compliance revenues. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisition of boardvantage. see "acquisition of boardvantage," of note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the boardvantage acquisition.
listing services revenues listing services revenues increased in 2018 compared with 2017 and decreased in 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily from client adoption of our all-inclusive annual listing fee program and an increase in the number and size of ipos, partially offset by the run-off of fees earned from u.s. listing of additional shares. the decrease in 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in u.s. listing of additional share fees as a result of our all-inclusive annual listing fee program, partially offset by an increase in european listing services revenues due to new company listings.
* * * * * *
information services the following table shows revenues from our information services segment:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                                                                   2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
information services:
market data                                $390                   $369                $354                5.7        %            4.2        %
index                                       206                    171                 149               20.5        %           14.8        %
investment data &amp; analytics             118                     48                  37              145.8        %           29.7        %
total information services                 $714                   $588                $540               21.4        %            8.9        %
market data revenues market data revenues increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to higher revenues from sales of data subscriptions (notably growth in the asia pacific region), an increase in market share in u.s. tape plans and higher revenues from under reported usage. further impacting the increase in market data revenues was a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $4 million. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to growth in u.s. equities and european data products subscriptions.
index revenues index revenues increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increases in both 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to higher assets under management in etps linked to nasdaq indexes and higher licensing revenues from futures trading volume related to the nasdaq 100 index.
investment data & analytics revenues investment data & analytics revenues increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increases in both 2018 and 2017 were primarily due to the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisition of evestment.
38
market technology the following table shows revenues from our market technology segment:
year ended december 31,                                                          percentage change
2018                               2017                2016                      2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
market technology   $270                $247                $241           9.3               %   2.5                 %
market technology revenues market technology revenues increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to an increase in delivery and support revenues and higher software as a service revenues, partially offset by a decrease in change request and advisory revenues and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $2 million. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher change request revenues and an increase in revenues from software as a service.
other revenues other revenues include the revenues from the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses which were sold in april 2018. prior to the sale date, these revenues were included in our corporate solutions business. see "2018 divestiture," of note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
expenses operating expenses the following table shows our operating expenses:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                                                                          2017                  2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
compensation and benefits                          $712                  $670                  $665                6.3        %            0.8   %
professional and contract services                  144                   153                   153               (5.9       )%              -   %
computer operations and data communications         127                   125                   111                1.6        %           12.6   %
occupancy                                            95                    94                    86                1.1        %            9.3   %
general, administrative and other                   120                    82                    73               46.3        %           12.3   %
marketing and advertising                            37                    31                    30               19.4        %            3.3   %
depreciation and amortization                       210                   188                   170               11.7        %           10.6   %
regulatory                                           32                    33                    35               (3.0       )%           (5.7   )%
merger and strategic initiatives                     21                    44                    76              (52.3       )%          (42.1   )%
restructuring charges                                 -                     -                    41                  -        %         (100.0   )%
total operating expenses                         $1,498                $1,420                $1,440                5.5        %           (1.4   )%
the increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2018 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs resulting from our acquisition of evestment and higher compensation expense reflecting higher performance incentives, partially offset by lower compensation costs due to the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses. the increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2017 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs resulting from our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $2 million, partially offset by lower compensation expense reflecting lower performance incentives. also impacting the increase in compensation expense in 2017 was accelerated expense recorded in 2016 for equity awards previously granted due to the retirement of the company's former ceo.
headcount decreased to 4,099 employees as of december 31, 2018 from 4,734 as of december 31, 2017 primarily due to the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses, partially offset by our 2018 acquisitions.
professional and contract services expense decreased in 2018 primarily due to the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses, partially offset by additional expense associated with our 2017 acquisitions and litigation costs.
computer operations and data communications expense increased in 2018 primarily due to higher market data feed costs
39
due to higher volumes as well as higher software maintenance costs, and additional costs associated with our 2017 acquisitions, partially offset by lower costs resulting from the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses. the increase in 2017 was due to higher hardware and license costs associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions.
occupancy expense increased in 2018 primarily due to additional facility and rent costs resulting from expansion of our new world headquarters, partially offset by lower costs from the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses. the increase in 2017 was associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions.
the increase in general, administrative and other expense in 2018 was primarily due to charges associated with the clearing default and lower regulatory fine collections. see "nasdaq commodities clearing default," of note 15, "clearing operations," for further discussion of the capital relief program and default. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to a pre-tax charge of $10 million in the second quarter of 2017 which primarily included a make-whole redemption price premium paid on the early extinguishment of previously outstanding debt and lower regulatory fine collections.
marketing and advertising expense increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to an increase in advertising spend relating to our listing services and information services businesses.
depreciation and amortization expense increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to additional amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets. the increase in 2018 was associated with our 2017 acquisition and in the increase in 2017 was associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2018 was also associated with software assets placed in service.
merger and strategic initiatives expense decreased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016. we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed a divestiture and a number of acquisitions in recent years which have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. these expenses generally include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third party transaction costs and will vary based on the size and frequency of the activities described above.
see note 18, "restructuring charges," to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our restructuring charges recorded during 2016.
* * * * * *
non-operating income and expenses the following table shows our non-operating income and expenses:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                                                                   2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
interest income                                $10             $7                       $5               42.9   %                40.0   %
interest expense                              (150    )        (143      )            (135    )           4.9   %                 5.9   %
net interest expense                          (140    )        (136      )            (130    )           2.9   %                 4.6   %
gain on sale of investment security            118             -                         -                n/m                       -   %
net gain on divestiture of businesses           33             -                         -                n/m                       -   %
asset impairment charge                          -             -                      (578    )             -   %              (100.0   )%
other investment income                          7                   2                   3              250.0   %               (33.3   )%
net income from unconsolidated investees        18                  15                   2               20.0   %               650.0   %
total non-operating income (expenses)          $36             $(119     )           $(703    )        (130.3   )%              (83.1   )%
_______
n/m - not meaningful.
interest income interest income increased in both 2018 compared with 2017 and 2017 compared with 2016 primarily due to an increase in prevailing market rates.
40
interest expense the following table shows our interest expense:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                                                                             2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
(in millions)
interest expense on debt                                $140                $135                $129                3.7        %            4.7        %
accretion of debt issuance costs and debt discount         7                   6                   5               16.7        %           20.0        %
other bank and investment-related fees                     3                   2                   1               50.0        %          100.0        %
interest expense                                        $150                $143                $135                4.9        %            5.9        %
interest expense increased in both 2018 and 2017 primarily due to higher interest rates on floating rate debt and debt issuances related to our acquisitions. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations.
gain on sale of investment security in december 2018, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $118 million ($93 million after tax) on the sale of an investment security. see "equity securities," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
net gain on divestiture of businesses in april 2018, we sold our public relations solutions and digital media services businesses. see "2018 divestiture," of note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
asset impairment charge the asset impairment charge in 2016 relates to a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset impairment charge related to the full write-off of a trade name from an acquired business due to a continued decline in the operating performance of the business during 2016 and a rebranding of our fixed income business under a single brand called nasdaq fixed income.
other investment income other investment income in 2018 primarily related to dividend income received on an equity security.
net income from unconsolidated investees net income from unconsolidated investees in both 2018 and 2017 primarily relates to income recognized from our equity method investment in occ. see "equity method investments," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
* * * * * *
tax matters the following table shows our income tax provision and effective tax rate:
year ended december 31,                              percentage change
2018                                  2017                             2016          2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
($ in millions)
income tax provision      $606                $143                 $27              323.8        %   429.6               %
effective tax rate        57.0    %   16.4            %           20.3    %
the majority of the increase in our effective tax rate in 2018 compared to 2017 and the decrease in our effective tax rate in 2017 compared to 2016 was the result of the final and provisional impacts from the tax cuts and jobs act which was enacted on december 22, 2017. for further discussion of the impacts of the tax act and other tax matters, see note 17, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements.
the effective tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses. these same and other factors, including history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, we also have provided non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. management uses this non-gaap information internally, along with u.s. gaap information, in evaluating our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. we believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and supplemental data relating to our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating performance.
41
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, u.s. gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend investors review the u.s. gaap financial measures included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. when viewed in conjunction with our u.s. gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, we believe these non-gaap measures provide greater transparency and a more complete understanding of factors affecting our business than u.s. gaap measures alone.
we understand that analysts and investors regularly rely on non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, to assess operating performance. we use non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share because they highlight trends more clearly in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on u.s. gaap financial measures, since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our ongoing operating performance. non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq for the periods presented below is calculated by adjusting for the following items:
amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: we amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. intangible asset amortization expense can vary from period to period due to episodic acquisitions completed, rather than from our ongoing business operations. as such, if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures, it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses, the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods, and the earnings power of nasdaq. performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization therefore provide investors with a more useful representation of our businesses' ongoing activity in each period.
merger and strategic initiatives expense: we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed a divestiture and a number of acquisitions in recent years which have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. these expenses generally include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third party transaction costs. the frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size, timing and complexity of the transaction. accordingly, we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-gaap measures which provide a more meaningful analysis of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparisons in nasdaq's performance between periods.
clearing default: for the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded $31 million in expense related to the clearing default of a nasdaq clearing commodities member that occurred in september 2018. we recorded an $8 million loss in september 2018 relating to this default. in december 2018, we recorded a $23 million charge as a result of initiating a capital relief program. these charges are recorded in general, administrative and o ther expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "nasdaq commodities clearing default," of note 15, "clearing operations," for further discussion of the default. we have excluded these charges as we believe they are non-recurring, as there has never been a loss due to member default in our clearinghouse, and they should be excluded when evaluating the ongoing operating performance of nasdaq. any expenses associated with the enhancement of processes and procedures relating to our clearing business will not be excluded from our gaap results.
other significant items: we have excluded certain other charges or gains, including certain tax items, that are the result of other non-comparable events to measure operating performance. we believe the exclusion of such amounts allows management and investors to better understand the ongoing financial results of nasdaq.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, other significant items primarily included:
•   gain on sale of investment security which represents our pre-tax gain of $118 million on the sale of our 5.0% ownership interest in lch;
•   net gain on divestiture of businesses which represents our pre-tax net gain of $33 million on the sale of the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses;
•   other items:
◦   charges related to uncertain positions pertaining to sales and use tax and vat which are recorded in general, administrative and other expense in our consolidated statements of income; and
◦   certain litigation costs which are recorded in professional and contract services expense in our consolidated statements of income.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, other significant items primarily included:
•   loss on extinguishment of debt of $10 million which is recorded in general, administrative and other expense in our consolidated statements of income; and
•   wind down costs associated with an equity method investment that was previously written off which are recorded in net income from unconsolidated investees in our consolidated statements of income.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, other significant items primarily included:
•   restructuring charges of $41 million which were associated with our 2015 restructuring plan;
•   an asset impairment charge of $578 million related to the full write-off of a trade name from an acquired business;
42
•   executive compensation of $12 million which represents accelerated expense for equity awards previously granted due to the retirement of the company's former ceo which is recorded in compensation and benefits expense in our consolidated statements of income;
•   a regulatory matter that resulted in a regulatory fine of $6 million received by our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse which is recorded in regulatory expense in our consolidated statements of income;
•   other items:
◦   the release of a sublease loss reserve due to the early exit of a facility which is recorded in occupancy expense in our consolidated statements of income; and
◦   the impact of the write-off of an equity method investment, partially offset by a gain resulting from the sale of a percentage of a separate equity method investment which is recorded in net income from unconsolidated investees in our consolidated statements of income.
significant tax items: the non-gaap adjustment to the income tax provision included the tax impact of each non-gaap adjustment and:
•   for the year ended december 31, 2018, a net $7 million increase to tax expense due to a remeasurement of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding the reversal of certain swedish tax benefits discussed below) and the impact of state tax rate changes;
•   for the year ended december 31, 2017, a $12 million decrease to tax expense due to a remeasurement of unrecognized tax benefits; and
•   for the year ended december 31, 2016, a tax expense of $27 million due to an unfavorable tax ruling received during the second quarter of 2016, the impact of which is related to prior periods.
additional adjustments included the following items:
•   the impact of newly enacted u.s. tax legislation is related to the tax cuts and jobs act which was enacted on december 22, 2017.
◦   for the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded an increase to tax expense of $290 million and a reduction to deferred tax assets related to foreign currency translation as a result of the finalization of the provisional estimate related to this act.
◦   for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a decrease to tax expense of $89 million, primarily related to the remeasurement of our net u.s. deferred tax liability at the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate which reflected the provisional impact associated with the enactment of this act.
•   the reversal of certain swedish tax benefits. see note 17, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
•   excess tax benefits related to employee share-based compensation of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, were recorded as a result of the adoption of accounting guidance on january 1, 2017. this guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based awards to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled on a prospective basis, as opposed to stockholders' equity where it was previously recorded, and will be a recurring item going forward. this item is subject to volatility and will vary based on the timing of the vesting of employee share-based compensation arrangements and fluctuation in our stock price.
we believe the exclusion of such amounts allows management and investors to better understand the financial results of nasdaq.
43
the following table represents reconciliations between u.s. gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share and non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share:
year ended december 31, 2018        year ended december 31, 2017                                                                    year ended december 31, 2016
net income              diluted earnings per share        net income                  diluted earnings per share                    net income              diluted earnings per share
(in millions, except share and per share amounts)
u.s. gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share                          $458                               $2.73                   $729                        $4.30                                        $106                               $0.63
non-gaap adjustments:
amortization expense of acquired intangible assets                                                   109                                0.65                            92                                0.54                            82                                0.49
merger and strategic initiatives expense                                                              21                                0.13                            44                                0.26                            76                                0.45
clearing default                                                                                      31                                0.18                   -                           -                                               -                                   -
gain on sale of investment security                                                                 (118      )                        (0.69          )        -                           -                                               -                                   -
net gain on divestiture of businesses                                                                (33      )                        (0.20          )        -                           -                                               -                                   -
extinguishment of debt                                                                                 -                                   -                            10                                0.06                             -                                   -
restructuring charges                                                                                  -                                   -                   -                           -                                              41                                0.24
asset impairment charge                                                                                -                                   -                   -                           -                                             578                                3.42
executive compensation                                                                                 -                                   -                   -                           -                                              12                                0.07
regulatory matter                                                                                      -                                   -                   -                           -                                               6                                0.04
other                                                                                                 17                                0.10                             5                                0.02                             5                                0.03
adjustment to the income tax provision to reflect non-gaap adjustments and other tax items             4                                0.02                   (70           )             (0.40                 )                      (287      )                        (1.70          )
impact of newly enacted u.s. tax legislation                                                         290                                1.73                   (89           )             (0.52                 )                         -                                   -
reversal of certain swedish tax benefits                                                              41                                0.24                   -                           -                                               -                                   -
excess tax benefits related to employee share-based compensation                                      (9      )                        (0.05          )        (40           )             (0.24                 )                         -                                   -
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                               353                                2.11                   (48           )             (0.28                 )                       513                                3.04
non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and diluted earnings per share                           $811                               $4.84                   $681                        $4.02                                        $619                               $3.67
weighted-average common shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share                                                        167,691,299                                               169,585,031                                                               168,800,997
* * * * * *
liquidity and capital resources historically, we have funded our operating activities and met our commitments through cash generated by operations, augmented by the periodic issuance of our common stock and debt. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. currently, our cost and availability of funding remain healthy.
as part of the purchase price consideration of a prior acquisition, nasdaq has contingent future obligations to issue 992,247 shares of nasdaq common stock. see "non-cash contingent consideration," of note 19, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in april 2017, we entered into the 2017 credit facility which replaced a former credit facility. we also entered into a commercial paper program which enables us to borrow efficiently at reasonable short-term interest rates and is supported by our 2017 credit facility. see "commercial paper program," and "2017 credit facility," of note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2018, no amounts were outstanding on the 2017 credit facility. the $4 million balance represents unamortized debt issuance costs. of the $1 billion that is available for borrowing, $277 million provides liquidity support for the commercial paper program and for a letter of
44
credit. as such, as of december 31, 2018, the total remaining amount available under the 2017 credit facility was $723 million.
in the near term, we expect that our operations and the availability under our revolving credit commitment and commercial paper program will provide sufficient cash to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt repayments, any share repurchases, and any dividends.
the value of various assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and commercial paper can fluctuate from month to month. working capital (calculated as current assets less current liabilities) was $(200) million as of december 31, 2018, compared with $276 million as of december 31, 2017, a decrease of $476 million. current asset balance changes increased working capital by $860 million, with increases in default funds and margin deposits, cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, at fair value, receivables, net and restricted cash, partially offset by a decrease in other current assets. current liability balance changes decreased working capital by $1,336 million, due to increases in default funds and margin deposits, short-term debt, other current liabilities, deferred revenue, accrued personnel costs, and accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a decrease in section 31 fees payable to the sec.
principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally-generated funds include:
•   deterioration of our revenues in any of our business segments;
•   changes in regulatory and working capital requirements; and
•   an increase in our expenses.
principal factors that could affect our ability to obtain cash from external sources include:
•   operating covenants contained in our credit facilities that limit our total borrowing capacity;
•   increases in interest rates under our credit facilities;
•   credit rating downgrades, which could limit our access to additional debt;
•   a decrease in the market price of our common stock; and
•   volatility or disruption in the public debt and equity markets.
the following sections discuss the effects of changes in our financial assets, debt obligations, clearing and broker-dealer net capital requirements, and cash flows on our liquidity and capital resources.
financial assets the following table summarizes our financial assets:
december 31, 2018           december 31, 2017
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents                           $545                        $377
restricted cash                                       41                          22
financial investments, at fair value                 268                         235
total financial assets                              $854                        $634
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash cash and cash equivalents includes all non-restricted cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy, and alternative investment choices. as of december 31, 2018, our cash and cash equivalents of $545 million were primarily invested in bank deposits, money market funds and commercial paper. in the long-term, we may use both internally generated funds and external sources to satisfy our debt obligations and other long-term liabilities. cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2018 increased $168 million from december 31, 2017, primarily due to:
•   net cash provided by operating activities;
•   proceeds from divestiture of businesses, net;
•   proceeds received from the sale of an investment security, partially offset by;
•   repurchases of our common stock;
•   cash dividends paid on our common stock;
•   repayments made on commercial paper, net;
•   repayments of long-term debt;
•   purchases of property and equipment;
•   cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired and other investment activities;
•   net purchases of securities; and
•   net payments related to employee stock activity.
see "cash flow analysis" below for further discussion.
restricted cash is restricted from withdrawal due to a contractual or regulatory requirements or is not available for general use. restricted cash was $41 million as of december 31, 2018 and $22 million as of december 31, 2017, an increase of $19 million. the increase primarily relates to an increase in cash pledged as collateral and an increase in regulatory capital requirements. restricted cash is classified as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets.
repatriation of cash our cash and cash equivalents held outside of the u.s. in various foreign subsidiaries totaled $367 million as of december 31, 2018 and $137 million as of december 31, 2017. the remaining
45
balance held in the u.s. totaled $178 million as of december 31, 2018 and $240 million as of december 31, 2017.
unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
share repurchase program see "share repurchase program," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program.
cash dividends on common stock the following table shows quarterly cash dividends paid per common share on our outstanding common stock:
2018                                      2017
first quarter      $0.38             $0.32
second quarter      0.44              0.38
third quarter       0.44              0.38
fourth quarter      0.44              0.38
total              $1.70             $1.46
see "cash dividends on common stock," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the dividends.
financial investments, at fair value our financial investments, at fair value totaled $268 million as of december 31, 2018 and $235 million as of december 31, 2017 and are primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities. of these securities, $166 million as of december 31, 2018 and $160 million as of december 31, 2017 are assets primarily utilized to meet regulatory capital requirements, mainly for our clearing operations at nasdaq clearing. see note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our trading investment securities.
* * * * * *
debt obligations the following table summarizes our debt obligations by contractual maturity:
maturity date                                  december 31, 2018           december 31, 2017
(in millions)
short-term debt:
commercial paper                                      weighted-average maturity of 33 days                $275                        $480
senior unsecured floating rate notes(1)               march 2019                                           500                         498
$400 million senior unsecured term loan facility(2)   november 2019                                        100                         100
total short-term debt                                                                                      875                       1,078
long-term debt:
5.55% senior unsecured notes                          january 2020                                         599                         599
3.875% senior unsecured notes                         june 2021                                            686                         716
$1 billion revolving credit commitment                april 2022                                            (4       )                 110
1.75% senior unsecured notes                          may 2023                                             682                         712
4.25% senior unsecured notes                          june 2024                                            497                         496
3.85% senior unsecured notes                          june 2026                                            496                         496
total long-term debt                                                                                     2,956                       3,129
total debt obligations                                                                                  $3,831                      $4,207
____________
(1)   balance was reclassified to short-term debt as of march 31, 2018.
(2)   balance was reclassified to short-term debt as of december 31, 2018.
in addition to the $1 billion revolving credit commitment, we also have other credit facilities primarily related to our nasdaq clearing operations in order to provide further liquidity. other credit facilities, which are available in multiple currencies, totaled $220 million as of december 31, 2018 and $187 million as of december 31, 2017, in available liquidity, none of which was utilized.
46
as of december 31, 2018, we were in compliance with the covenants of all of our debt obligations.
see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations.
* * * * * *
regulatory capital requirements clearing operations regulatory capital requirements we are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of nasdaq clearing. the level of regulatory capital required to be maintained is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. as of december 31, 2018, our required regulatory capital of $121 million is primarily comprised of highly rated european government debt securities that are included in financial investments, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
broker-dealer net capital requirements our broker-dealer subsidiaries, nasdaq execution services, execution access, npm securities, smtx, and nasdaq capital markets advisory, are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. these requirements obligate these subsidiaries to comply with minimum net capital requirements. the required minimum net capital is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets. the following table summarizes the net capital requirements for our broker-dealer subsidiaries as of december 31, 2018:
broker-dealer subsidiaries                total net capital            required minimum net capital           excess capital
(in millions)
nasdaq execution services                     $16.3                                $0.3                         $16.0
execution access                               47.1                                 0.3                          46.8
npm securities                                  0.6                                 0.3                           0.3
smtx                                            4.0                                 0.3                           3.7
nasdaq capital markets advisory                 0.5                                 0.3                           0.2
nordic and baltic exchange regulatory capital requirements the entities that operate trading venues in the nordic and baltic countries are each subject to local regulations and are required to maintain regulatory capital intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. as of december 31, 2018, our required regulatory capital of $34 million is primarily invested in european mortgage bonds that are included in financial investments, at fair value and restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets.
other capital requirements we operate several other businesses which are subject to local regulation and are required to maintain certain levels of regulatory capital. as of december 31, 2018, other required regulatory capital was $17 million and was primarily included in restricted cash and financial investments, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
* * * * * *
cash flow analysis the following table summarizes the changes in cash flows:
year ended december 31,                                percentage change
2018                2017                  2016            2018 vs. 2017           2017 vs. 2016
net cash provided by (used in):                                                                                                   (in millions)
operating activities                                                                      $1,028                $909                  $776                 13.1        %           17.1   %
investing activities                                                                         196                (890    )           (1,657    )          (122.0       )%          (46.3   )%
financing activities                                                                      (1,027    )            (53    )              948              1,837.7        %         (105.6   )%
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash             (10    )             15                    (6    )          (166.7       )%         (350.0   )%
net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                                187                 (19    )               61             (1,084.2       )%         (131.1   )%
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period                         399                 418                   357                 (4.5       )%           17.1   %
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period                              $586                $399                  $418                 46.9        %           (4.5   )%
47
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $119 million in 2018 compared with 2017 and increased $133 million in 2017 compared with 2016. the increase in 2018 was primarily due to higher operating income due to growth in our equity derivative trading and clearing, cash equity trading, market data, index and listing services businesses, and growth related to a full year of evestment activity, these increases were partially offset by an increase in estimated tax payments, a payment to increase the funded status of our u.s. defined-benefit pension plans and higher section 31 fee payments. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher net income, mainly due to the inclusion of a full year of cash flows from our 2016 acquisitions, partially offset by higher compensation payments driven by our 2016 acquisitions.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities net cash provided by investing activities increased $1,086 million in 2018 compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to a decrease in cash flows used for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, an increase in proceeds from divestiture of businesses, net and an increase in proceeds from the sale of an investment security.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $767 million in 2017 compared with 2016. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in cash flows used for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities net cash used in financing activities increased $974 million in 2018 compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in repayments of commercial paper, a decrease in proceeds from long-term debt issuances, and an increase in repurchases of common stock and dividends paid, partially offset by a decrease in repayments of long-term debt.
net cash used in financing activities increased $1,001 million in 2018 compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from long-term debt issuances and an increase in repurchases of common stock and dividends paid, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from commercial paper and a decrease in repayments of long-term debt.
see note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our divestiture and acquisitions.
see "equity securities," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the sale of an investment security and consideration received under a market technology agreement.
see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt obligations.
see "share repurchase program," and "cash dividends on common stock," of note 12, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program and cash dividends paid on our common stock.
48
contractual obligations and contingent commitments nasdaq has contractual obligations to make future payments under debt obligations by contract maturity, minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net and other obligations. the following table shows these contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018:
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                                total            less than 1 year             1-3 years       3-5 years             more than 5 years
(in millions)
debt obligations by contract maturity(1)                                          $4,311                    $996                  $1,463             $793                  $1,059
minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net(2)             637                      75           131                   86                    345
purchase obligations(3)                                                               21                      11           10                        -                     -
other obligations(4)                                                                  12                      12                       -             -                     -
total                                                                             $4,981                  $1,094                  $1,604             $879                  $1,404
____________
(1)   our debt obligations include both principal and interest obligations. as of december 31, 2018, an interest rate of 4.04% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2016 credit facility, 3.72% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2017 credit facility and 3.21% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2019 notes. all other debt obligations were primarily calculated on a 360-day basis at the contractual fixed rate multiplied by the aggregate principal amount as of december 31, 2018. see note 9, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(2)   we lease some of our office space under non-cancelable operating leases with third parties and sublease office space to third parties. some of our leases contain renewal options and escalation clauses based on increases in property taxes and building operating costs.
(3)   purchase obligations primarily represent minimum outstanding obligations due under software license agreements.
(4)   other obligations primarily consist of potential future escrow agreement payments related to prior acquisitions.
acquisition of cinnober for further discussion of our acquisition of cinnober, see "acquisition of cinnober," of note 3, "acquisitions and divestiture," to the consolidated financial statements.
other commitment we have a 40.0% ownership in occ. under the occ's capital plan, the occ shareholders have committed to contribute up to $200 million in equity capital if certain capital thresholds are breached, including up to $80 million to be contributed by nasdaq. see "equity method investments," of note 6, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investment in occ.
offer for oslo børs vps for further discussion of our offer for oslo børs vps, see "offer for oslo børs vps," of note 21, "subsequent events," to the consolidated financial statements.
non-cash contingent consideration see "non-cash contingent consideration," of note 19, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements for discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements see:
•   note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our non-cash default fund contributions and margin deposits received for clearing operations; and
•   note 19, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of:
•   guarantees issued and credit facilities available;
•   lease commitments;
•   other guarantees;
•   non-cash contingent consideration;
•   escrow agreements;
•   routing brokerage activities;
•   acquisition of cinnober;
•   other commitment;
•   offer for oslo børs vps;
•   legal and regulatory matters; and
•   tax audits.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk represents the potential for losses that may result from changes in the market value of a financial instrument due to changes in market conditions. as a result of our operating, investing and financing activities, we are exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. we are also exposed to credit risk as a result of our normal business activities.
we have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. we identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis.
we perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. we may use derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related to our financial positions or risks that are incurred during the normal course of business. we do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
interest rate risk we are subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our financial investments and debt obligations which are discussed below.
financial investments as of december 31, 2018, our investment portfolio was primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities, which pay a fixed rate of interest. these securities are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase. if market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by 100 basis points from levels as of december 31, 2018, the fair value of this portfolio would have declined by $4 million.
debt obligations as of december 31, 2018, substantially all of our debt obligations are fixed-rate obligations. while changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations, we are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of the issuance of our 2019 notes, borrowings under our 2017 credit facility and 2016 credit facility, and amounts outstanding from the sale of commercial paper under our commercial paper program, all of which have variable interest rates. as of december 31, 2018, we had principal amounts outstanding of $500 million on the 2019 notes, $100 million under the 2016 credit facility, and $276 million of commercial paper. a hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates on our outstanding 2019 notes, the 2016 credit facility and our outstanding commercial paper would increase annual interest expense by approximately $9 million based on borrowings as of december 31, 2018.
49
foreign currency exchange rate risk as a leading global exchange group, we are subject to foreign currency transaction risk. our primary exposure to foreign currency denominated revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 are presented in the following table:
euro               swedish krona            other foreign currencies             u.s. dollar           total
(in millions, except currency rate)
year ended december 31, 2018
average foreign currency rate to the u.s. dollar                                                 1.1800                 0.1150              #                                    n/a                   n/a percentage of revenues less transaction-based expenses                                              8.9   %                7.3   %      5.2                       %                   78.6   %           100.0   %
percentage of operating income                                                                     11.3   %                0.1   %          (7.0                  )%                  95.6   %           100.0   %
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on revenues less transaction-based expenses        $(23      )        $(18          )          $(13                  )              $-                    $(54      )
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on operating income                                $(12      )        $-                       $(7                   )              $-                    $(19      )
euro               swedish krona            other foreign currencies             u.s. dollar           total
(in millions, except currency rate)
year ended december 31, 2017
average foreign currency rate to the u.s. dollar                                                 1.1273                 0.1170              #                                    n/a                   n/a percentage of revenues less transaction-based expenses                                              9.7   %                8.2   %      6.0                       %                   76.1   %           100.0   %
percentage of operating income                                                                     15.4   %                2.5   %          (4.9                  )%                  87.0   %           100.0   %
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on revenues less transaction-based expenses        $(24      )        $(20          )          $(14                  )              $-                    $(58      )
impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation on operating income                                $(15      )        $(2           )          $(5                   )              $-                    $(22      )
____________
#   represents multiple foreign currency rates.
n/a   not applicable.
* * * * * *
our investments in foreign subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or equity to u.s. dollars. substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may create volatility in our results of operations as we are required to translate the balance sheets and operational results of these foreign currency denominated subsidiaries into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting. the translation of foreign subsidiaries' non-u.s. dollar balance sheets into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
our primary exposure to net assets in foreign currencies as of december 31, 2018 is presented in the following table:
net assets           impact of a 10% adverse currency fluctuation
(in millions)
swedish krona(1)           $3,477                                       $(348                )
norwegian krone               176                                         (18                )
canadian dollar               120                                         (12                )
british pound                 145                                         (14                )
euro                           89                                          (9                )
australian dollar             107                                         (11                )
____________
(1)   includes goodwill of $2,466 million and intangible assets, net of $580 million.
50
credit risk credit risk is the potential loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of customers or counterparties. we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. we limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. the financial investment portfolio objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. credit risk associated with investments is minimized substantially by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments which have investment grade ratings, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties.
our subsidiary, nasdaq execution services, may be exposed to credit risk, due to the default of trading counterparties, in connection with the routing services it provides for our trading customers. system trades in cash equities routed to other market centers for members of our cash equity exchanges are routed by nasdaq execution services for clearing to the nscc. in this function, nasdaq execution services is to be neutral by the end of the trading day, but may be exposed to intraday risk if a trade extends beyond the trading day and into the next day, thereby leaving nasdaq execution services susceptible to counterparty risk in the period between accepting the trade and routing it to the clearinghouse. in this interim period, nasdaq execution services is not novating like a clearing broker but instead is subject to the short-term risk of counterparty failure before the clearinghouse enters the transaction. once the clearinghouse officially accepts the trade for novation, nasdaq execution services is legally removed from trade execution risk. however, nasdaq has membership obligations to nscc independent of nasdaq execution services' arrangements.
pursuant to the rules of the nscc and nasdaq execution services' clearing agreement, nasdaq execution services is liable for any losses incurred due to a counterparty or a clearing agent's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations, either by making payment or delivering securities. adverse movements in the prices of securities that are subject to these transactions can increase our credit risk. however, we believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as nasdaq execution services' customers are not permitted to trade on margin and nscc rules limit counterparty risk on self-cleared transactions by establishing credit limits and capital deposit requirements for all brokers that clear with nscc. historically, nasdaq execution services has never incurred a liability due to a customer's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions.
execution access is an introducing broker which operates the trading platform for our fixed income business to trade in u.s. treasury securities. execution access has a clearing arrangement with industrial and commercial bank of china financial services llc, or icbc. as of december 31, 2018, we have contributed $15 million of clearing deposits to icbc in connection with this clearing arrangement. these deposits are recorded in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by icbc through the fixed income clearing corporation, with icbc acting as agent. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the individual transactions, which is at least one business day (or more, if specified by the u.s. treasury issuance calendar). counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk. daily position trading limits are also enforced for such counterparties.
we have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears. our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties' creditworthiness. credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
we also are exposed to credit risk through our clearing operations with nasdaq clearing. see note 15, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. our clearinghouse holds material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks. while we seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return, we are primarily concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. as the clearinghouse may pass on interest revenues (minus costs) to the members, this could include negative or reduced yield due to market conditions. the following is a summary of the risks associated with these deposits and how these risks are mitigated.
•   credit risk. when the clearinghouse has the ability to hold cash collateral at a central bank, the clearinghouse utilizes its access to the central bank system to minimize credit risk exposures. when funds are not held at a central bank, we seek to substantially mitigate credit risk by ensuring that investments are primarily placed in highly rated government and supranational debt instruments.
•   liquidity risk. liquidity risk is the risk a clearinghouse may not be able to meet its payment obligations in the right currency, in the right place and the right time. to mitigate this risk, the clearinghouse monitors liquidity requirements closely and maintains funds and assets in a manner which minimizes the risk of loss or delay in the access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. for example,
51
holding funds with a central bank where possible or investing in highly liquid government or supranational debt instruments serves to reduce liquidity risks.
•   interest rate risk. interest rate risk is the risk that interest rates rise causing the value of purchased securities to decline. if we were required to sell securities prior to maturity, and interest rates had risen, the sale of the securities might be made at a loss relative to the latest market price. our clearinghouse seeks to manage this risk by making short term investments of members' cash deposits. in addition, the clearinghouse investment guidelines allow for direct purchases or repurchase agreements of high quality sovereign debt (for example, european government and u.s. treasury securities), central bank certificates and supranational debt instruments with short dated maturities.
•   security issuer risk. security issuer risk is the risk that an issuer of a security defaults on its payment when the security matures. this risk is mitigated by limiting allowable investments and collateral under reverse repurchase agreements to high quality sovereign, government agency or supranational debt instruments.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies.
revenue recognition corporate services revenues listing services revenues listing services revenues primarily include annual renewal fees and initial listing fees. annual renewal fees do not require any judgments or assumptions by management as these amounts are recognized ratably over the following 12-month period. however, the initial listing fee is allocated to multiple performance obligations including initial and subsequent listing services and corporate solutions services (when a company qualifies to receive these services under the applicable nasdaq rule), as well as a customer's material right to renew the option to list on our exchanges.
in performing this allocation, the standalone selling price of the performance obligations is based on the initial and annual listing fees and the standalone selling price of the corporate solutions services is based on its market value. all listing fees are billed upfront and the identified performance obligations are satisfied over time since the customer receives and consumes the benefit as nasdaq provides the listing service. the amount of revenue related to the corporate solutions services performance obligation is recognized ratably over a two-year period, which is based on contract terms, with the remaining revenue recognized ratably over six years which is based on our historical listing experience and projected future listing duration.
market technology revenues we enter into long-term contracts with customers to develop customized technology solutions, license the right to use software and provide support and other services to our customers which results in these contracts containing multiple performance obligations. we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. in instances where standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the standalone selling price predominately through an expected cost plus a margin approach.
we generally recognize revenue over time as our customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by our performance because our customer controls the asset for which we are creating, our performance does not create an asset with alternative use, and we have a right to payment for performance completed to date. for these services, we recognize revenue over time using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying our performance obligation. incurred costs represent work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby depicts, the transfer of control to the customer.
accounting for our long-term contracts requires judgment relative to assessing risks and their impact on the estimate of revenues and costs. our estimates are impacted by factors such as the potential for schedule and technical issues, productivity, and the complexity of work performed. when adjustments in estimated total contract costs are required, any changes in the estimated revenues from prior estimates are recognized in the current period for the effect of such change. if estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed estimates of total revenues, a provision for the entire estimated loss on the contract is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
for further discussion related to recognition of these fees, see "revenue from contracts with customers - listing services," and "revenue from contracts with customers - market technology," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
goodwill and related impairment goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, of a business acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the assignment of the fair values of
52
each reporting unit of the acquired company. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually, or in interim periods if certain events occur indicating that the carrying amount may be impaired, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. for purposes of performing our goodwill impairment test, our five reporting units are the market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate services segment: corporate solutions and listing services, the information services segment, and the market technology segment. we test for impairment during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using an october 1 measurement date. when testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as the basis to determine if it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. in performing a qualitative assessment, we consider the extent to which unfavorable events or circumstances identified, such as changes in economic conditions, industry and market conditions or company specific events, could affect the comparison of the reporting unit's fair value with its carrying amount. if we choose not to complete a qualitative assessment for a given reporting unit, or if the initial assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required.
when assessing goodwill for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for a reporting unit in a given year is influenced by a number of factors, including but not limited to, the size of the reporting unit's goodwill, the significance of the excess of the reporting unit's estimated fair value over its carrying amount at the last quantitative assessment date, and the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test consists of two steps performed at the reporting unit level.
•   the first step compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its corresponding carrying amount, including goodwill. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of discounted cash flow valuation, which incorporates assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates, as well as guideline public company valuations, incorporating relevant trading multiples of comparable companies and other factors. the estimates and assumptions used consider historical performance and are consistent with the assumptions used in determining future profit plans for each reporting unit, which are approved by our board of directors. if the reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeds its estimated carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired.
•   if the first step results in the carrying amount exceeding the fair value of the reporting unit, then a second step must be completed in order to determine the amount of goodwill impairment that should be recorded, if any. in the second step, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. the implied fair value of the goodwill that results from the application of this second step is then compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill and an impairment charge is recorded for any difference.
the following table presents the balances of goodwill for our reportable segments at the time of our 2018 annual impairment test:
october 1, 2018
(in millions)
market services               $3,435
corporate services               503
information services           2,283
market technology                148
$6,369
in 2018, we performed a qualitative goodwill impairment test for all reporting units, as the excesses of their fair values over their respective carrying amounts at the time of the quantitative test in 2017 were significant. in conducting the qualitative assessment, we evaluated the performance of each of these reporting units since the last quantitative test, as well as future financial projections to determine if there were any changes in the key inputs used to determine the fair values of each reporting unit. we also considered the qualitative factors in fasb asc topic 350, "intangibles-goodwill and other," as well as other relevant events and circumstances. based on the results of the qualitative assessment for each reporting unit, we concluded based on a predominance of positive indicators and the weight of such indicators that the fair values of our reporting units are more likely than not greater than their respective carrying amounts and as a result, quantitative analyses were not needed. no goodwill impairment was recorded in 2018, 2017 and 2016.
although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, the determination of certain valuation inputs is subject to management's judgment. changes in these inputs could materially affect the results of our impairment review. if our forecasts of cash flows or other key inputs are negatively revised in the future, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit would be adversely impacted, potentially leading to an impairment in the future that could materially affect our operating results.
subsequent to our annual impairment test, no indications of impairment were identified.
indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, primarily exchange and clearing registrations, are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than its carrying amount. similar to goodwill impairment testing, we
53
test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using an october 1 measurement date and may first perform a qualitative assessment, considering similar factors as discussed above in the goodwill impairment discussion, to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we elect to perform or are required to perform a quantitative assessment, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount as of the impairment testing date. if the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference. the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discounted value, using the greenfield approach for exchange and clearing registrations and licenses and the relief from royalty approach or excess earnings approach for trade names, both of which incorporate assumptions regarding future revenue projections and discount rates. during our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2018, we performed a qualitative test as the excess fair value of each individual indefinite-lived intangible asset over its respective carrying amount at the time of the quantitative test in 2017 was significant. based on the results of the qualitative assessment, we concluded based on a predominance of positive indicators and the weight of such indicators that the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets are more likely than not greater than their respective carrying amounts and as a result, quantitative analyses were not needed. there were no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in 2018 and 2017. subsequent to our annual indefinite-lived impairment test, no indications of impairment were identified.
in 2016, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million to write off the full value of a trade name from an acquired business due to a continued decline in the operating performance of the business during 2016 and a rebranding of our fixed income business under a single brand called nasdaq fixed income. this charge is recorded in asset impairment charge in the consolidated statements of income for 2016. there were no other impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets for the year ended december 31, 2016.
other long-lived assets and related impairment we review our other long-lived assets, such as finite-lived intangible assets, equity method investments and equity securities, as well as property and equipment for potential impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. fair value of finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment is based on various valuation techniques. we evaluate our equity method investments and equity securities for other-than-temporary declines in value by considering a variety of factors such as the earnings capacity of the investment and the fair value of the investment compared to its carrying amount. in addition, for investments where the market value is readily determinable, we consider the underlying stock price as an additional factor. any required impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and is recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related asset and a charge to operating results.
in 2016, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of $7 million to write off the full value of an equity method investment since the fair value of the investment was less than the carrying value and management considered the decline in value to be other-than-temporary. this charge is partially offset by a gain resulting from the sale of a percentage of a separate equity method investment and is recorded in net income from unconsolidated investees in the consolidated statements of income for 2016. no other impairments of equity method investments or equity securities were recorded in 2018, 2017 or 2016.
we recorded pre-tax, non-cash property and equipment asset impairment charges of $9 million in 2017 and $8 million in 2016. the impairment charge in 2017 primarily related to the write-off of capitalized software and hardware equipment associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and is included in merger and strategic initiatives expense in the consolidated statements of income for 2017. the asset impairment charge in 2016 primarily related to fixed assets and capitalized software that were retired and is included in restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of income for 2016. there were no other impairments of property and equipment recorded in 2018, 2017 or 2016.
income taxes estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. our deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. management is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. once it is determined that a position meets the recognition thresholds, the position is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
54
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of tax regulations in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in such jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest may be due. while we believe that our tax liabilities reflect the probable outcome of identified tax uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may be greater or less than the amount accrued. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result.
the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted on december 22, 2017. this act contained several key provisions, including a reduction of the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. it also imposed a transition tax on unremitted aggregate accumulated earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries, which did not impact us and the act also created a new requirement to provide u.s. tax on foreign earnings, global intangible low-taxed income, or gilti, which was immaterial for 2018. in december 2017, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, "income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act," or sab 118, which allowed us to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. during the fourth quarter of 2018, we finalized the effects of the new legislation. for further discussion of the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act on our financial statements, see "tax cuts and jobs act," of note 17, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements that are applicable to nasdaq.
