item 1a. risk factors our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. we encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
-6-
northrop grumman corporation
▪   we depend heavily on a single customer, the u.s. government, for a substantial portion of our business. changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our primary customer is the u.s. government, from which we derived 82 percent, 85 percent and 84 percent of our sales during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; we have a number of large programs with the u.s. air force, in particular. the u.s. government has been implementing significant changes and spending levels have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate over time. we cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in priorities due to changes in defense spending levels, the threat environment, military strategy and planning and/or changes in social, economic or political priorities.
the u.s. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for its convenience or for default based on performance. in the event of termination for the u.s. government's convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. termination by the u.s. government of a contract due to default could require us to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other damages. termination of a contract due to our default could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the u.s. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. it is possible that the u.s. government could invoke this ability across a limited or broad number of contracts. in the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred on the contract to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work on the contract plus a reasonable fee. however, such temporary stoppages and delays could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which we may not be able to negotiate full recovery from the u.s. government. they could also ultimately result in termination of a contract (or contracts) for convenience or reduced future orders.
a significant shift in government priorities to programs in which we do not participate and/or reductions in funding for or the termination of programs in which we do participate, unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and u.s. government funding more broadly may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
u.s. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. for many programs, congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis even though the program performance period may extend over several years. consequently, programs are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract. we cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations ultimately approved by congress and the president or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. laws and plans adopted by the u.s. government relating to, along with pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the federal budget, potential changes in priorities and defense spending levels, sequestration, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on new starts) and the permissible federal debt limit, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. in the event government funding for our significant programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contract or subcontract under such programs may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor.
the u.s. continues to face an uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. the budget control act of 2011 (bca) mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period (fy 2012 through fy 2021), including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. in prior years, these spending caps have been revised by separate bills for specific fiscal years.
-7-
northrop grumman corporation most recently, on february 9, 2018, congress passed the bipartisan budget act (bba) of 2018, which raised the statutory budget caps for defense spending, including for overseas contingency operations (oco), by $80 billion for fy 2018 and by $85 billion for fy 2019. the bba also raised non-defense spending by $63 billion for fy 2018 and $68 billion for fy 2019 and suspended the debt ceiling until march 1, 2019. the original spending caps established by the bca will return for fy 2020 and fy 2021 without another statutory change. similarly, the suspension of the debt ceiling is expected to end on march 1, 2019 absent further action.
on march 23, 2018, the president signed the omnibus appropriations act for fy 2018, which provided $1.3 trillion in discretionary funding for federal agencies. in total for fy 2018, congress appropriated approximately $700 billion for national security, including approximately $630 billion for base discretionary funding and approximately $70 billion in oco funding.
on september 28, 2018, full-year appropriations for fy 2019 were enacted representing over half of discretionary federal spending. for fy 2019, congress appropriated approximately $716 billion for national security, including approximately $647 billion for base discretionary funding and approximately $69 billion in oco funding. a continuing resolution was approved to provide further funding for other agencies (including nasa and other civil agencies) through december 7, 2018, which was subsequently extended through december 21, 2018. on december 22, 2018, u.s. government agencies that had not yet received full-year appropriations and did not otherwise have funding entered into a temporary shutdown. on january 25, 2019, a third continuing resolution was enacted, which funds these agencies through february 15, 2019.
the federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have significant impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular.
the budget environment, including budget caps mandated by the bca for fiscal years 2020 and 2021, and uncertainty surrounding the debt ceiling and the appropriations processes, remain significant short and long-term risks. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the administration and congress, what challenges budget reductions (required by the bca and otherwise) will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted for fy 2020. if annual appropriations bills are not timely enacted for fy 2020 or beyond, the u.s. government may continue to operate under a continuing resolution, restricting new contract or program starts, presenting resource allocation challenges and placing limitations on some planned program budgets, and we may face another government shutdown of unknown duration. if a prolonged government shutdown of the dod were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the u.s. government's ability effectively to progress programs and to make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our u.s. government contracts and successfully compete for new work.
we believe continued budget pressures would have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including northrop grumman, and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. it is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry.
funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed or cancelled. in addition, budget cuts globally could adversely affect the viability of our subcontractors and suppliers, and our employee base. while we believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the dod and other customers have indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending, the long-term impact of the bca, other defense spending cuts, challenges in the appropriations process, the debt ceiling and the ongoing fiscal debates remain uncertain.
significant delays or reductions in appropriations; long-term funding under a continuing resolution; an extended debt ceiling breach or government shutdown; and/or future budget and program decisions, among other items, may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, arbitration and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us.
the size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments. we are and may become subject to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings globally and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts, commercial transactions, false claims, false statements, mischarging, contract performance, fraud, procurement integrity, products liability, warranty liability, the use of hazardous materials, personal injury
-8-
northrop grumman corporation claims, environmental, shareholder derivative actions, prior acquisitions and divestitures, intellectual property, tax, employees, export/import, anti-corruption, labor, health and safety, accidents, launch failures, employee benefits and plans, including plan administration, and improper payments, as well as matters relating to the former orbital atk, inc. and our acquisition of that company. these matters could divert financial and management resources; result in administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (which terms include judgments or convictions and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements); compensatory, treble or other damages; non-monetary relief or actions; or other liabilities; and otherwise harm our business. government regulations provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export privileges for the company or one or more of its components. suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions in particular could have a material adverse effect on the company because of our reliance on government contracts and export authorizations. an investigation, claim, dispute, enforcement action or litigation, even if not substantiated or fully indemnified or insured, could also negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it substantially more difficult for us to compete effectively for business or obtain adequate insurance in the future. investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation or other legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we use estimates when accounting for contracts. contract cost growth or changes in estimated contract revenues and costs could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making assumptions regarding performance. due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. incentives, awards and/or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit rates when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated performance. suppliers' expected performance is also assessed and considered in estimating costs and profitability.
our operating income can be adversely affected when estimated contract costs increase. reasons for increased estimated contract costs may include: design issues; changes in estimates of the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, including technical or quality issues or requests to perform additional work at the direction of the customer; production challenges, including those resulting from the availability and timeliness of customer funding, unavailability or reduced productivity of qualified and timely cleared labor or the effect of any delays in performance; the availability, performance, quality or financial strength of significant subcontractors; supplier issues, including the costs, timeliness and availability of materials and components; the effect of any changes in laws or regulations; actions deemed necessary for long-term customer satisfaction; and natural disasters or environmental matters. we may file requests for equitable adjustment or claims to seek recovery in whole or in part for our increased costs and aim to protect against these risks through contract terms and conditions when practical.
our risk varies with the type of contract. due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts. in 2018, approximately half of our sales were derived from fixed-price contracts. we typically enter into fixed-price contracts where costs can be more reasonably estimated based on actual experience, such as for production programs. in addition, our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. if the terms specified in our contracts are not met, our profitability may be reduced and we may incur a loss.
our fixed-price contracts may include fixed-price development work. this type of work is inherently more uncertain as to future events than production contracts, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in estimates of the costs to complete the development stage. as work progresses through the development stage into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs of the contract are typically reduced. while management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with fixed-price development contracts, future events could result in adjustments to those estimates.
under cost-type contracts, allowable costs incurred by the contractor are generally subject to reimbursement plus a fee. we often enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. these cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods or towards the end of the contract. in these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily in recognizing profit, which ultimately may not be earned, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. we also may face additional financial risk due to an increasing number of contract solicitations requiring the contractor to bid on cost-type development work and related fixed-price production lots and/or options in one submission, or cost-type development work requiring the contractor to provide certain items to the customer at the contractor's expense or at little or no fee.
-9-
northrop grumman corporation because of the significance of management's judgments and the estimation processes described above, it is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, and the failure to prevail on claims for equitable adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of one or more of the affected contracts and on our overall financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. see "critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments" in md&a.
▪   our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations.
sales to customers outside the u.s. are an increasingly important component of our strategy. our international business (including our participation in joint ventures and other joint business arrangements) is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. these risks differ in some respects from those associated with our u.s. business and our exposure to such risks may increase if our international business continues to grow as we anticipate.
our international business is subject to both u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to import-export controls, technology transfer restrictions, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, investment, exchange rates and controls, the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and other anti-corruption laws, the anti-boycott provisions of the u.s. export administration act, labor and employment, works councils and other labor groups, anti-human trafficking, taxes, environment, immunity, security restrictions and intellectual property. failure by us, our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, commercial or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges. our customers outside of the u.s. generally have the ability to terminate contracts for default based on performance. suspension or debarment, or termination of a contract due to default, in particular, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. new regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in the various countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally.
changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets. our international business may be impacted by changes in u.s. and foreign national policies and priorities, and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, bilateral and multi-lateral relationships, government budgets, and economic and political factors more generally, and any of which could impact funding for programs, alter export authorizations, or delay purchasing decisions or customer payments. we also could be affected by the legal, regulatory and economic impacts of britain's anticipated exit from the european union, the full impact of which is not known at this time. global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could further impact our business. for example, the tightening of credit in financial markets outside of the u.s. could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments.
our contracts with non-u.s. customers may also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. they may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, investments, manufacturing agreements or other operational or financial obligations, including offset obligations, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. they may also require us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our performance obligations. we also increasingly are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. our ability to sell products outside the u.s. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products for export on a cost effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations on a timely basis. we face risks related to our products that are approved for export, but may be subject to the u.s. government changing or canceling the export license after the product is ordered. our ability to conduct business outside of the u.s. also depends on our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the skills and/or security clearances in the markets in which we do business.
more broadly, our ability effectively to pursue and execute contracts outside the u.s. also may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-u.s. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, co-
-10-
northrop grumman corporation production or other arrangements, in support of such pursuits. this risk includes the ability to timely identify and negotiate appropriate arrangements with local partners as well as potential exposure for their actions.
the products and services we provide internationally, including those provided by subcontractors and joint ventures in which we have an interest, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts and/or developing legal systems. this may increase the risk to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties, and/or increase the risk of a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products.
the occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate.
we have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy, or the terms of our contracts. however, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us. we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such misconduct, despite a vigorous compliance program. this risk of improper conduct may increase as we expand globally. in the ordinary course of our business we form and are members of joint ventures (with that term used throughout to refer to joint efforts or business arrangements of any type). we may be unable to prevent misconduct or other violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. improper actions by those with whom or through whom we do business (including our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners and joint ventures) could subject us to administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions; monetary and non-monetary penalties; liabilities; and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions.
as a defense contractor, we face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks; insider threats; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to the security of our facilities, infrastructure and supply chain; and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression. our customers and partners (including our supply chain and joint ventures) face similar threats. although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate the risk of these threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient. these threats could lead to losses of sensitive information or capabilities; theft of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; and financial liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation as a government contractor and provider of cyber-related or cyber-protected goods and services.
cyber threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, destructive malware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disruption or denial of service attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential, personal or otherwise protected information (ours or that of our employees, customers or partners), and corruption of data, networks or systems. in addition, we could be impacted by cyber threats or other disruptions or vulnerabilities found in products we use or in our partners' or customers' systems that are used in connection with our business. these events, if not prevented or effectively mitigated, could damage our reputation, require remedial actions and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, potential liability and other financial losses.
we provide systems, products and services to various customers (government and commercial) who also face cyber threats. our systems, products and services may themselves be subject to cyber threats and/or they may not be able to detect or deter threats, or effectively to mitigate resulting losses. these losses could adversely affect our customers and our company.
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, contractual or regulatory
-11-
northrop grumman corporation actions and potential liabilities, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our earnings and profitability depend, in part, on subcontractor and supplier performance and financial viability as well as raw material and component availability and pricing.
we rely on other companies to provide raw materials, chemicals and components and subsystems for our products and to produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies, provide software and intellectual property, and perform some of the services we provide to our customers, and to do so in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors and suppliers, or a misalignment between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreement with our subcontractors and suppliers, could have various impacts on the company, including on our ability to meet our commitments to customers.
our ability to perform our obligations on time could be adversely affected if one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers were unable to provide the agreed-upon products or materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner or otherwise to meet the requirements of the contract. changes in economic conditions, including changes in defense budgets or credit availability, or other changes impacting a subcontractor or supplier (including changes in ownership or operations) could adversely affect the financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers and/or their ability to perform. the inability of our suppliers to perform, or their inability to perform adequately, could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other resources to support our existing suppliers.
in connection with our u.s. government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the customer. we also are facing increased and changing regulatory requirements, both domestically and internationally, many of which apply to our subcontractors and suppliers. in some cases, there may be only one supplier, or one domestic supplier, for certain components. for example, a single domestic source currently supplies us, as well as the u.s. domestic solid propellant industry, with a principal raw material used in the production of solid rocket motors. if a supplier cannot appropriately meet our needs, experiences disruptions to production or is otherwise unavailable or not fully available, we may be unable to find a suitable alternative.
our procurement practices are intended to reduce the likelihood of our procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials. we rely on our subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, including regarding the parts or materials we procure from them; in some circumstances, we rely on certifications provided by our subcontractors and suppliers regarding their compliance. we also rely on our subcontractors and suppliers effectively to mitigate the risk of cyber and security threats or other disruptions with respect to the products, components and services they deliver to us and the information entrusted to them by us or our customers and to comply with applicable contractual terms and laws and regulations, including cybersecurity requirements.
if our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform or we are unable to procure, or experience significant delays in deliveries of, needed products, materials or services; or if they do not comply with all applicable laws, regulations, requirements and contract terms, including if what we receive is counterfeit or otherwise improper, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
▪   as a u.s. government contractor, we and our partners are subject to various procurement and other laws and regulations applicable to our industry and we could be adversely affected by changes in such laws and regulations or any negative findings by the u.s. government as to our compliance with them. we also may be adversely affected by changes in our customers' business practices globally.
u.s. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements. these regulations and other requirements, although often customary in government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs and risks and are regularly evolving. new laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit parts, anti-human trafficking, specialty metals and conflict minerals) can significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability.
we operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the defense contract audit agency (dcaa), defense contract management agency (dcma) and the dod inspector general. these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and our
-12-
northrop grumman corporation compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of our systems and processes in meeting government requirements. costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if already reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, forfeiture of profits or suspension or debarment. whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate, with significant financial impact. in addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us or our business partners.
our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key areas for future defense spending. as a result of certain of these initiatives, we have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and/or a lengthened period of time required to close open audits. for example, the thresholds for certain allowable costs in the u.s., including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; the allowability of other types of costs are being challenged, debated and, in certain cases, modified, all with potentially significant financial costs to the company. in connection with these cost reduction initiatives, the u.s. government is also pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. the u.s. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue policies that could negatively impact our profitability. changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements, different award criteria, non-traditional contract provisions and government contract negotiation offers that indicate what our costs should be also may affect our profitability and predictability.
we (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) also are subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal laws, regulations and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate. these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the truth in negotiations act, false claims act, procurement integrity act, federal communications commission act, cas, far, international traffic in arms regulations promulgated under the arms export control act, close the contractor fraud loophole act and fcpa, as well as rules and regulations administered by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives. if we are found to have violated such requirements, or are found not to have acted responsibly, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment.
if we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations and processes to which we are subject or if customer business practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to the thresholds for allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues and market share.
we operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more financial capacity, more extensive or specialized engineering, manufacturing, or marketing capabilities in some areas, or be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. we have seen, and anticipate we will continue to see, increased competition in some of our core markets, especially as a result of budget pressures for many customers, a continued focus on affordability and competition, and our own success in winning business. we are facing increasing competition in the u.s. and outside the u.s. from u.s., foreign and multinational firms. in some instances outside the u.s., foreign companies may receive loans, marketing subsidies and other assistance from their governments that may not be available to u.s. companies and foreign companies may be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer. additionally, some customers, including the dod, may turn to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services, or may utilize small business contractors or determine to source work internally rather than hiring a contractor.
we are also seeing a significant number of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. bid protests could result in contract modifications or the award decision being reversed and loss of the contract award. even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings.
-13-
northrop grumman corporation if we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, or prevail in protests, we may experience declines in future revenues and market share, which could, over time, have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce.
our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math. additionally, as we grow our international business, it is increasingly important that we are able to attract and retain personnel with relevant local qualifications and experience. in addition, in a tightened labor market, we are facing increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies. if qualified personnel are scarce or difficult to attract or retain or if we experience a high level of attrition, generally or in particular areas, or if such personnel are unable to obtain security clearances on a timely basis, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs in order to attract and retain necessary employees.
certain of our employees are covered by collective agreements. we generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. if we experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective agreements or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor-related disruptions. any such expenses or delays could adversely affect our programs served by employees who are covered by such agreements or representation.
if we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected.
▪   many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability, reputation and future prospects.
we design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a variety of environments, including some under highly demanding operating conditions. problems and delays in development or delivery, or system failures, as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, inability to manage effectively a broad array of programs, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor performance could prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities. similarly, failures to perform on schedule or otherwise to fulfill our contractual obligations could negatively impact our financial position, reputation and ability to win future business.
in addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue, schedule and profitability include loss on launch or flight of spacecraft, loss of aviation platforms, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, problems with design, quality and workmanship, country of origin of procured materials, inadequate delivery of subcontractor components or services and degradation of product performance. these failures could result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. among the factors that may affect revenue and profitability could be inaccurate cost estimates, design issues, human factors, unforeseen costs and expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus in responding to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work, and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments we previously received, or replacement obligations.
certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that also entitle the customer to recover fees in the event of failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. under such terms, we could be required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected.
if we are unable to meet our obligations, including due to issues regarding the design, development or manufacture of our products or services, or we experience launch, platform or satellite system failures, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
-14-
northrop grumman corporation
▪   environmental matters, including unforeseen costs associated with compliance and remediation efforts, and government and third party claims, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including as they may be changed or enforced differently over time. compliance with these environmental laws and regulations requires, and is expected to continue to require, significant operating and capital costs. we may be subject to substantial administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including suspension and debarment) for violations. if we are found to be in violation of the federal clean air act or the clean water act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the environmental protection agency on a list maintained by the general services administration of facilities that generally cannot be used in performing on u.s. government contracts until the violation is corrected.
we incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation costs related to the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. stricter or different enforcement of existing laws and regulations; new laws, regulations or cleanup requirements; discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination; imposition of fines, penalties, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource damages); a determination that certain environmental costs are unallowable; rulings on allocation or insurance coverage; and/or the insolvency or other inability or unwillingness of other parties to pay their share of such costs could require us to incur material additional costs in excess of those anticipated.
we also are and may become a party to various legal proceedings and disputes involving government and private parties (including individual and class actions) relating to alleged impacts from pollutants released into the environment. these matters could result in compensatory or other damages, fines, penalties, and non-monetary relief, and adverse determinations on allowability or insurance coverage.
we are engaged in remediation activities relating to environmental conditions allegedly resulting from historic operations at the former united states navy and grumman facilities in bethpage, new york. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation and other costs and liabilities related to environmental conditions in bethpage. the remediation standards or requirements to which we are subject may change and costs may increase materially. the state of new york has notified us that it intends to seek to impose additional remedial requirements and, among other things, is evaluating natural resource damages. we are, and expect we may further become, a party to various legal proceedings and disputes related to remediation and/or alleged environmental impacts in bethpage, including with federal and state entities, local municipalities and water districts, insurance carriers and individual and class action plaintiffs. these matters could result in fines, penalties, sanctions, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource damages), determinations on allocation, allowability and coverage, and non-monetary relief and actions.
in addition, government and private parties could seek to hold us responsible for liabilities or obligations related to former operations that have been divested or spun-off (including our former shipbuilding business) and/or for which other parties have agreed to be responsible and/or to indemnify us, directly or indirectly. the indemnity related rights we have may not be sufficient to protect us against such liabilities.
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could harm our reputation and business and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters that could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
we have significant operations located in regions that may be exposed to hurricanes, earthquakes, other damaging storms, forest fires and other natural disasters. our subcontractors and suppliers are also subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform under a contract, including as a result of disruptions to their workforce and critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations. although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural disasters may be significant.
if insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are unavailable or insufficient to recover all costs or if we experience a significant disruption to our business due to a natural disaster, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
-15-
northrop grumman corporation
▪   our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position.
we endeavor to obtain insurance agreements from financially solid, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters, space launches, hazardous operations and products liability). not every risk or liability can be insured, and for risks that are insurable, the policy limits and terms of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. even if insurance coverage is available, we may not be able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us. disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers may significantly affect the amount or timing of recovery, and may impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage at reasonable rates in the future.
in some circumstances we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. however, these protections are not always available, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover all losses or liabilities incurred.
if insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover our risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations, which subjects us to various environmental, regulatory, financial, reputational and other risks.
we provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations. among other such operations, our products and services are used in nuclear-related activities (including nuclear-powered platforms) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. in addition, certain of our products are provided with space launch services. with our acquisition of legacy orbital atk, we have expanded our portfolio to include energetic materials, including products that involve highly explosive or flammable elements. all of these activities subject us to various extraordinary risks, including potential liabilities relating to nuclear or launch-related incidents or unintended initiation of energetic materials, including risk of personal injury and property damage; to the harmful effects on the environment and human health that may result from nuclear-related activities, operations or incidents, as well as the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; and to failed launches of spacecraft. we may be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear or launch incident, among others, whether or not the cause was within our control. under some circumstances, the u.s. government and prime contractors may provide for certain indemnification and other protection under certain of our government related contracts, including pursuant to, or in connection with, public law 85-804, the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act and the terrorism risk insurance reauthorization act, for certain risks.
certain of our innovation systems products, including products from its defense systems business, such as small, medium and large caliber ammunition, and its flight systems business, such as solid rocket motors and liquid propulsion engines, involve the use, manufacture and/or handling of a variety of explosive and flammable materials. from time to time, these activities have resulted in incidents, such as an explosion at the lake city army ammunition plant in 2017, that have caused workplace injuries and fatalities, the temporary shut down or other disruption of manufacturing processes, production delays, environmental harm and expense, fines and liability to third parties. we have safety and loss prevention programs which provide for detailed pre-construction reviews of process changes and new operations, along with routine safety audits of operations involving explosive materials, to mitigate such incidents, as well as insurance coverage. we and our customers may experience similar or more serious incidents in the future which could result in various liabilities and production delays.
in addition, our customers may otherwise use our products and services in connection with hazardous activities, or in ways that can be unusually hazardous or risky, creating potential liabilities to our customers and/or our company as the provider of such products and services. in the event of an incident, if our customers fail to use our products properly or if our products or services do not operate as intended, we could be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities.
if there was a nuclear incident or other nuclear-related damages, an incident related to launch activities, an incident related to the use of energetics or an incident or other damages related to or caused by the use of our products and services in connection with hazardous activities or risks, and if insurance coverage or indemnification or other
-16-
northrop grumman corporation protection was not fully available to cover our losses and liabilities, it could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   pension and other postretirement benefit (opb) obligations and related expenses recorded in our financial statements may fluctuate significantly depending upon investment performance of plan assets, changes in actuarial assumptions, and legislative or other regulatory actions.
a substantial portion of our current and retired employee population is covered by pension and opb plans. defined benefit pension and opb obligations and related expenses as recorded in our financial statements are dependent upon the investment performance of plan assets and various assumptions, including discount rates applied to future payment obligations, mortality assumptions, estimated long-term rates of return on plan assets, rates of future cost growth and trends for future costs. in addition, funding requirements for benefit obligations of our pension and opb plans, including pension benefit guaranty corporation premiums for certain of our defined benefit plans, and our health and welfare plans are subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions.
in accordance with government regulations, pension plan cost recoveries under our u.s. government contracts may occur in different periods from when those pension costs are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. these timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows. the cost accounting rules have been revised in order to partially harmonize the measurement and period of assignment of defined benefit pension plan costs allocable to u.s. government contracts and minimum required contributions under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act (ppa) of 2006. these rules better align, but do not eliminate, mismatches between erisa funding requirements and cas pension costs for u.s. government cas covered contracts.
investment performance of plan assets and changes in assumptions associated with our pension and opb plans could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   anticipated benefits of the orbital atk acquisition may not be realized.
on june 6, 2018, the company completed the acquisition of orbital atk, inc., which is now our new innovation systems sector. we believe this acquisition will enable us to broaden our capabilities and offerings, enhance our ability to provide innovative solutions to meet our customers' emerging requirements, create value for shareholders and provide expanded opportunities for our combined employees. however, in the course of integrating our business with the legacy orbital atk business, we may discover additional information about the legacy orbital atk business (including its financial controls and potential risks, opportunities and liabilities) that alters our assessment of the anticipated benefits, costs and risks of the acquisition. additionally, our customers may not value our combined businesses and capabilities as much as we anticipate, in which case we may not realize the benefits of our combined business to the extent we currently anticipate or at all.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to integrate the legacy orbital atk business with ours. the integration of an independent business with our business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. costs may include, among other things, those associated with facilities and systems consolidation, operational impacts, severance and other potential employment-related costs, as well as fees paid to financial, legal and other advisors. we are devoting significant management attention and resources effectively to integrate the legacy orbital atk business and operations with our business, including integration of internal controls processes and procedures, and to realize the anticipated benefits. the integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, may not result in the realization of the expected benefits of the acquisition, including enhanced product offerings. the consummation of the acquisition has triggered change in control and other similar provisions in certain agreements to which legacy orbital atk is a party and otherwise affected contractual relationships, which could have an adverse impact on the combined business if we are unable to address such issues successfully. the failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating the legacy orbital atk business and to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities.
the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our future financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   we may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete, our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
to perform on our contracts and to win new business, we depend on our ability to develop, protect and exploit our intellectual property and also to access the intellectual property of others under reasonable terms. we may not be
-17-
northrop grumman corporation able adequately to exploit, protect or access intellectual property and the conduct of our customers, competitors and suppliers may make it more difficult for us to do so.
we own many forms of intellectual property, including u.s. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets and we license or otherwise obtain access to various intellectual property rights of third parties. the u.s. government and certain foreign governments hold licenses or other rights to certain intellectual property that we develop in performance of government contracts, and may seek to use or authorize others to use such intellectual property, including in competition with us. governments have increased certain efforts to assert or obtain more extensive rights in intellectual property, which could reduce our ability to develop, protect and exploit certain of our intellectual property rights and to compete. governments have also declined at times to make intellectual property of others available to us under acceptable terms.
we also rely significantly upon proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how. we typically seek to protect this information, including by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties such as consultants and subcontractors. these agreements and other measures may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets and other proprietary information. in the event of an infringement of such intellectual property rights, a breach of a confidentiality agreement, a misuse or theft of our intellectual property or divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies. in addition, our trade secrets or other proprietary information may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.
in some instances, our ability to seek, win or perform contracts may require us to access and use third party intellectual property. this may require that the government or our customer is willing and able to provide rights to such third party intellectual property, or that we are able to negotiate directly to obtain necessary rights on reasonable terms.
our intellectual property is subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties. our access to and use of intellectual property licensed or otherwise obtained from third parties is also subject to challenges. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention away from other aspects of our business. moreover, the laws concerning intellectual property rights vary among countries and the protection provided to our intellectual property by foreign laws and courts may not be the same as the remedies available under u.s. law.
if we are unable adequately to exploit our intellectual property rights, to protect our intellectual property rights against infringement or third party claims, or to obtain rights to intellectual property of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, ability to compete for and perform on contracts, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪   our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers.
many of the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. the product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the u.s. and internationally. in addition, our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends, in part, on continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects. our success also depends on our continued access to assured suppliers of important technologies and components and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. if we are unable to develop new products and technologies, or if we fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected. if we fail to maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant amount of future business to our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain market share.
▪   changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill and other long-lived assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
goodwill accounts for approximately 50 percent of our total assets. although we currently have excess fair value of our reporting units over their respective carrying values, market-based inputs to the calculations in our goodwill impairment test, such as weighted average cost of capital and terminal value (based on market comparisons) could change significantly from our current assumptions. additionally, we acquired a significant amount of purchased
-18-
northrop grumman corporation intangible and other long-lived assets in the merger, whose recovery is dependent, in part, on future business conditions. we continue to monitor the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and other long-lived assets. significant write-offs of goodwill or other long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations.
▪   unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. changes in applicable u.s. or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability as they did in 2017 upon passage of the tax cuts and jobs act. in addition, the final determination of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
the distribution (distribution) by alliant techsystems inc. (atk) of the shares of vista outdoor inc. (vista) and atk's acquisition of orbital sciences corporation (orbital) to create then orbital atk (the orbital-atk merger) were intended to qualify as tax-free to atk, atk's stockholders, vista and orbital for u.s. income tax purposes. however, there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts will agree with the conclusion of the parties and their counsel regarding the tax treatment of the distribution and orbital-atk merger. if the distribution or certain related transactions were taxable, atk's shareholders immediately prior to the distribution could be required to recognize income on their receipt of vista outdoor stock in the distribution, atk could be considered to have made a taxable sale of certain of its assets to vista outdoor and vista could be subject to income taxes.
under the tax matters agreement between orbital atk and vista (the tax matters agreement), in certain circumstances, and subject to certain limitations, vista is required to indemnify orbital atk against taxes on the distribution that arise as a result of actions or failures to act by vista, or as a result of section 355(e) of the internal revenue code applying due to acquisitions of vista stock after the distribution. in other cases, however, we might recognize a taxable gain on the distribution without being entitled to an indemnification payment under the tax matters agreement. if such tax is imposed on vista, then we may, depending on the circumstances, be required to indemnify vista for that tax.
changes in our tax provision or an increase in our tax liabilities, whether due to changes in applicable laws and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, or a final determination of tax audits or litigation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview as previously announced, effective january 1, 2018, we adopted asc topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers, and asu no. 2017-07, compensation retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost, using the full retrospective method.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2018, we changed our gaap accounting method related to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses for the company's pension and other postretirement benefit (opb) plans (the "accounting change"). prior to the accounting change, actuarial gains and losses were recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income upon annual remeasurement and were amortized into earnings in future periods on a plan-by-plan basis when they exceeded the accounting corridor, a defined range within which amortization of net gains and losses is not required. under the new method, actuarial gains and losses are immediately recognized in net periodic benefit cost through mark-to-market pension and opb ("mtm") (expense) benefit upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
our 2017 and 2016 results below have been recast to reflect the impact of the adoption of asc topic 606 and asu 2017-07 and the accounting change as described in notes 1, 13, 16, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisition of orbital atk on june 6, 2018 (the "merger date"), the company completed its previously announced acquisition of orbital atk, inc. ("orbital atk") (the "merger"), by acquiring all of the outstanding shares of orbital atk for a purchase price of $7.7 billion in cash. on the merger date, orbital atk became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company and its name was changed to northrop grumman innovation systems, inc. we established innovation systems as a new, fourth business sector, whose main products include launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; missile products and defense electronics; precision weapons, armament systems and ammunition; satellites and associated space components and services; and advanced aerospace structures. the acquisition was financed with proceeds from the company's debt financing completed in october 2017 and cash on hand. we believe this acquisition will enable us to broaden our capabilities and offerings, provide additional innovative solutions to meet our customers' emerging requirements, create value for shareholders and provide expanded opportunities for our combined employees. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the acquisition of orbital atk.
global security and economic environment the u.s. and its allies continue to face a global security environment of heightened tensions and instability, threats from state and non-state actors as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions, diverse regional security concerns and political instability. global threats persist across all domains, from undersea to space to cyber. the market for defense products, services and solutions globally is driven by these complex and evolving security challenges, considered in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities.
the global geopolitical and economic environments also continue to be impacted by uncertainty. geopolitical relationships are changing and global economic growth is expected to remain in the low single digits in 2019, reflecting the impact of and uncertainty surrounding geopolitical tensions globally and financial market volatility. the global economy may also be affected by britain's anticipated exit from the european union, the full impact of which is not known at this time. additionally, economic tensions and changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements, could impact the global market for defense products, services and solutions.
u.s. political and economic environment the u.s. continues to face an uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. the budget control act of 2011 (bca) mandated spending caps for all federal discretionary spending across a ten-year period (fy 2012 through fy 2021), including specific limits for defense and non-defense spending. in prior years, these spending caps have been revised by separate bills for specific fiscal years.
most recently, on february 9, 2018, congress passed the bipartisan budget act (bba) of 2018, which raised the statutory budget caps for defense spending, including for overseas contingency operations (oco), by $80 billion for fy 2018 and by $85 billion for fy 2019. the bba also raised non-defense spending by $63 billion for fy 2018 and $68 billion for fy 2019 and suspended the debt ceiling until march 1, 2019. the original spending caps
-25-
northrop grumman corporation established by the bca will return for fy 2020 and fy 2021 without another statutory change. similarly, the suspension of the debt ceiling is expected to end on march 1, 2019 absent further action.
on march 23, 2018, the president signed the omnibus appropriations act for fy 2018, which provided $1.3 trillion in discretionary funding for federal agencies. in total for fy 2018, congress appropriated approximately $700 billion for national security, including approximately $630 billion for base discretionary funding and approximately $70 billion in oco funding.
on september 28, 2018, full-year appropriations for fy 2019 were enacted representing over half of discretionary federal spending. for fy 2019, congress appropriated approximately $716 billion for national security, including approximately $647 billion for base discretionary funding and approximately $69 billion in oco funding. a continuing resolution was approved to provide further funding for other agencies (including nasa and other civil agencies) through december 7, 2018, which was subsequently extended through december 21, 2018. on december 22, 2018, u.s. government agencies that had not yet received full-year appropriations and did not otherwise have funding entered into a temporary shutdown. on january 25, 2019, a third continuing resolution was enacted, which funds these agencies through february 15, 2019.
the federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have significant impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular.
for further information on the risks we face from the current political and economic environment, see "risk factors."
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs (typically larger contracts or two or more closely-related contracts). we recognize sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer, primarily over time on a cost-to-cost basis (cost incurred relative to costs estimated at completion). as a result, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs incurred across our large portfolio of contracts. due to federal acquisition regulation (far) rules that govern our u.s. government business and related cost accounting standards (cas), most types of costs are allocable to u.s. government contracts. as such, we do not focus on individual cost groupings (such as manufacturing, engineering and design labor, subcontractor, material, overhead and general and administrative (g&a) costs), as much as we do on total contract cost, which is the key driver of our sales and operating income.
in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and operating income. where applicable, significant fluctuations in operating performance attributable to individual contracts or programs, or changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts, are described in our analysis. based on this approach and the nature of our operations, the discussion of results of operations below first focuses on our four segments before distinguishing between products and services. changes in sales are generally described in terms of volume, while changes in margin rates are generally described in terms of performance and/or contract mix. for purposes of this discussion, volume generally refers to increases or decreases in sales or cost from production/service activity levels and performance generally refers to non-volume related changes in profitability. contract mix generally refers to changes in the ratio of contract type and/or lifecycle (e.g., cost-type, fixed-price, development, production, and/or sustainment).
consolidated operating results for purposes of the operating results discussion below, we assess our financial and operating performance using certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap financial measures exclude mtm (expense) benefit and related tax impacts, and are described as mtm-adjusted net earnings and mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share. these non-gaap measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the company's underlying financial performance by presenting the company's operating results before the non-operational impact of pension and opb actuarial gains and losses. these measures are also consistent with how management views the underlying performance of the business as the impact of mtm accounting is not considered in management's assessment of the company's operating performance or in its determination of incentive compensation awards. we reconcile these non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures below. these non-gaap measures may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
-26-
northrop grumman corporation selected financial highlights are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31                   % change in
$ in millions, except per share amounts                      2018                  2017                  2016           2018           2017
sales                                                $30,095               $26,004               $24,706             16    %         5    %
operating costs and expenses                          26,315                22,786                21,429             15    %         6    %
operating costs and expenses as a % of sales            87.4    %             87.6    %             86.7    %
operating income                                       3,780                 3,218                 3,277             17    %        (2   )%
operating margin rate                                   12.6    %             12.4    %             13.3    %
mark-to-market pension and opb (expense) benefit        (655    )              536                  (950    )        nm             nm federal and foreign income tax expense                   513                 1,360                   638            (62   )%       113    %
effective income tax rate                               13.7    %             32.2    %             23.8    %
net earnings                                           3,229                 2,869                 2,043             13    %        40    %
diluted earnings per share                             18.49                 16.34                 11.32             13    %        44    %
sales
2018 - sales increased $4.1 billion, or 16 percent, as compared with 2017, due to the addition of $3.3 billion of sales from innovation systems and higher sales at aerospace systems and mission systems, partially offset by lower sales at technology services.
2017 - sales increased $1.3 billion, or 5 percent, as compared with 2016, primarily due to higher sales at aerospace systems and mission systems.
see "segment operating results" below for further information by segment and "product and service analysis" for product and service detail. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's sales by customer type, contract type and geographic region for each of our segments.
operating income and margin rate
2018 - operating income increased $562 million, or 17 percent, as compared with 2017, primarily due to a $544 million increase in segment operating income, which includes the addition of $343 million of operating income from innovation systems, and a $42 million decrease in unallocated corporate expense, partially offset by a $25 million decrease in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment, all of which are further discussed in "segment operating results." lower operating costs and expenses as a percentage of sales increased our operating margin rate to 12.6 percent from 12.4 percent in the prior year period and was principally driven by a higher segment operating margin rate, as described in "segment operating results," and the previously noted decrease in unallocated corporate expense, partially offset by the decrease in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment.
g&a as a percentage of sales decreased to 10.0 percent in 2018 from 10.4 percent in 2017, principally due to higher sales volume.
2017 - operating income for 2017 decreased $59 million, or 2 percent, as compared with 2016, primarily due to a $280 million increase in unallocated corporate expense, partially offset by a $181 million increase in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment and a $39 million increase in segment operating income, all of which are further discussed in "segment operating results." higher operating costs and expenses as a percentage of sales reduced our operating margin rate to 12.4 percent from 13.3 percent in the prior year period and principally was driven by the previously noted increase in unallocated corporate expense and a lower segment operating margin rate, as described in "segment operating results," partially offset by the increase in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment.
g&a as a percentage of sales decreased to 10.4 percent in 2017 from 10.7 percent in 2016, principally due to higher sales volume.
for further information regarding product and service operating costs and expenses, see "product and service analysis" below.
-27-
northrop grumman corporation mark-to-market pension and opb adjustment the primary components of pre-tax mtm (expense) benefit are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                                        2018   2017                               2016
actuarial gains (losses) on projected benefit obligation      $2,772               $(1,570    )        $(988     )
actuarial (losses) gains on plan assets                       (3,426    )            2,119                  25
other                                                             (1    )              (13    )             13
mtm (expense) benefit                                          $(655    )             $536             $(950     )
2018 - mtm expense of $655 million in 2018 was primarily driven by actual net plan asset losses of approximately 3.5 percent, partially offset by actuarial gains principally resulting from a 63 basis point increase in the discount rate. in 2017, we recognized a mtm benefit of $536 million as described below.
2017 - mtm benefit of $536 million in 2017 was primarily driven by actual net plan asset returns of approximately 16.4 percent, partially offset by actuarial losses principally resulting from a 51 basis point decrease in the discount rate. mtm expense of $950 million in 2016 was primarily driven by actuarial losses largely resulting from a 34 basis point decrease in the discount rate.
federal and foreign income taxes
2018 - our effective tax rate for 2018 was lower than 2017 primarily due to the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act"), as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
2017 - our effective tax rate for 2017 was higher than 2016 primarily due to the 2017 tax act, as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
net earnings the table below reconciles net earnings to mtm-adjusted net earnings:
year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                                                   2018                  2017                  2016          2018           2017
net earnings                                             $3,229                $2,869                $2,043            13   %         40   %
mtm expense (benefit)                                       655                  (536    )              950            nm             nm mtm-related deferred state tax (benefit) expense(1)         (29    )               24                   (43    )       nm             nm federal tax (benefit) expense of items above(2)            (131    )              108                  (317    )       nm             nm mtm adjustment, net of tax                                  495                  (404    )              590            nm             nm mtm-adjusted net earnings                                $3,724                $2,465                $2,633            51   %         (6   )%
(1)   deferred state taxes are recorded in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)   based on a 21% federal statutory tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 and a 35% federal statutory tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016.
2018 - net earnings for 2018 increased $360 million, or 13 percent, as compared with 2017, and includes an $899 million reduction related to impacts associated with our mtm adjustment, net of tax. excluding these impacts, mtm-adjusted net earnings increased by $1.3 billion, or 51 percent, primarily due to the lower effective tax rate described above, $544 million of higher segment operating income, and a $350 million increase in our net fas (non-service) pension benefit. these increases were partially offset by $202 million of higher interest expense.
2017 - net earnings for 2017 increased $826 million, or 40 percent, as compared with 2016, and includes a $1 billion increase related to impacts associated with our mtm adjustment, net of tax. excluding these items, mtm-adjusted net earnings decreased by $168 million, or 6 percent, primarily due to the higher effective tax rate noted above and $59 million of higher interest expense resulting from our debt issuance in october 2017, as described in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. these decreases were partially offset by a $92 million increase in other, net as a result of gains on the sale of two investments and higher interest income on short-term investments as well as an $88 million increase in our net fas (non-service) pension benefit.
-28-
northrop grumman corporation diluted earnings per share the table below reconciles diluted earnings per share to mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share:
year ended december 31                  % change in
2018                                                                                            2017                  2016          2018           2017
diluted earnings per share                                         $18.49                $16.34                $11.32            13   %         44   %
mtm expense (benefit) per share                                      3.76                 (3.06    )             5.27            nm             nm mtm-related deferred state tax (benefit) expense per share(1)       (0.17    )             0.14                 (0.24    )       nm             nm federal tax (benefit) expense of items above per share(2)           (0.75    )             0.62                 (1.76    )       nm             nm mtm adjustment per share, net of tax                                 2.84                 (2.30    )             3.27            nm             nm mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share                            $21.33                $14.04                $14.59            52   %         (4   )%
(1)   deferred state taxes are recorded in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)   based on a 21% federal statutory tax rate for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 and a 35% federal statutory tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016.
2018 - diluted earnings per share for 2018 increased $2.15, or 13 percent, as compared with 2017, and includes a $5.14 reduction related to impacts associated with our mtm adjustment, net of tax. excluding these impacts, mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share increased $7.29, or 52 percent, primarily due to the 51 percent increase in mtm-adjusted net earnings discussed above.
2017 - diluted earnings per share for 2017 increased $5.02, or 44 percent, as compared with 2016, and includes a $5.57 increase related to impacts associated with our mtm adjustment, net of tax. excluding these items, mtm-adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased $0.55, or 4 percent, primarily due to the 6 percent decline in mtm-adjusted net earnings discussed above, partially offset by a 3 percent reduction in weighted-average shares outstanding resulting principally from shares repurchased during 2016.
segment operating results basis of presentation the company is aligned in four operating sectors, which also comprise our reportable segments: aerospace systems, innovation systems, mission systems and technology services. as described above, on the effective date of the merger, we established innovation systems as a new, fourth business sector. the segment operating results below include sales and operating income for innovation systems subsequent to the merger date. for a more complete description of each segment's products and services, see "business."
we present our sectors in the following business areas, which are reported in a manner reflecting core capabilities:
aerospace systems    innovation systems   mission systems          technology services autonomous systems   defense systems      advanced capabilities    advanced defense services manned aircraft      flight systems       cyber and isr            global logistics and modernization space                space systems        sensors and processing   system modernization and services this section discusses segment sales, operating income and operating margin rates. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is provided below.
-29-
northrop grumman corporation segment operating income and margin rate segment operating income, as reconciled in the reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income section below, is a non-gaap measure that reflects total earnings from our four segments, including allocated pension expense recognized under cas, and excluding unallocated corporate items and fas pension expense. this non-gaap measure may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as a supplemental measure in evaluating the financial performance and operational trends of our sectors. this non-gaap measure may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                             2018                  2017                  2016          2018           2017
segment operating income           $3,447                $2,903                $2,864            19    %         1    %
segment operating margin rate        11.5    %             11.2    %             11.6    %
2018 - segment operating income for 2018 increased $544 million, or 19 percent, as compared with 2017, and includes the addition of $343 million of operating income from innovation systems and higher operating income at aerospace systems and mission systems. the higher operating income includes $69 million of favorable eac adjustments on multiple restricted programs at aerospace systems. segment operating margin rate increased to 11.5 percent from 11.2 percent in 2017 principally due to higher segment margin rates at each of the legacy northrop grumman sectors.
2017 - segment operating income for 2017 increased $39 million, or 1 percent, as compared with 2016, primarily due to higher operating income at aerospace systems, partially offset by lower operating income at mission systems and technology services. the higher operating income includes a $56 million favorable eac adjustment at aerospace systems on a restricted program largely related to performance incentives and $54 million recognized in connection with a claim related to certain costs incurred in prior years (the "2017 cost claim"). segment operating margin rate decreased to 11.2 percent from 11.6 percent in 2016 principally due to lower segment margin rates at mission systems and aerospace systems.
reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income - the table below reconciles segment operating income to total operating income by including the impact of the net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment, as well as unallocated corporate expenses (certain corporate-level expenses, which are not considered allowable or allocable under applicable cas or far, and costs not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance). see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment and unallocated corporate expense.
year ended december 31                    % change in
$ in millions                                                                  2018                  2017                  2016           2018            2017
segment operating income                                                $3,447                $2,903                $2,864             19    %          1   %
cas pension expense                                                      1,017                 1,026                   847             (1   )%         21   %
less: fas (service) pension expense                                       (404    )             (388    )             (390    )         4    %         (1   )%
net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment                                   613                   638                   457             (4   )%         40   %
intangible asset amortization and pp&amp;e step-up depreciation(1)        (220    )                -                     -             nm              nm mtm-related deferred state tax benefit (expense)(2)                         29                   (24    )               43             nm              nm other unallocated corporate expense(3)                                     (86    )             (295    )              (82    )       (71   )%        260   %
unallocated corporate expense                                             (277    )             (319    )              (39    )       (13   )%        718   %
other                                                                       (3    )               (4    )               (5    )       (25   )%        (20   )%
total operating income                                                  $3,780                $3,218                $3,277             17    %         (2   )%
(1)   includes amortization of purchased intangible assets and the additional depreciation expense related to the step-up in fair value of property, plant and equipment (pp&amp;e) acquired through business combinations, which are included in unallocated corporate expense as they are not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance.
(2)   represents the deferred state tax impact of mtm (expense) benefit, which is recorded in unallocated corporate expense consistent with other changes in deferred state taxes.
-30-
northrop grumman corporation
(3)   includes $24 million, $34 million and $35 million of deferred state tax expense for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, resulting from the reversal of previously recognized amortization of net actuarial losses in connection with the accounting change.
net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment
2018 - the decrease in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment, as compared with 2017, is primarily due to lower cas expense for legacy northrop grumman resulting from higher assets returns in 2017 and a change in the legacy northrop grumman mortality assumption as of december 31, 2017, which more than offset the additional net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment from the addition of innovation systems.
2017 - the increase in our net fas (service)/cas pension adjustment, as compared with 2016, is primarily due to higher cas expense resulting from the continued phase-in of cas harmonization and the impact of actual demographic experience, partially offset by a change in our mortality assumption as of december 31, 2016.
unallocated corporate expense
2018 - unallocated corporate expense for 2018 decreased $42 million, as compared with 2017, primarily due to a $223 million benefit recognized for the finalization of certain prior year corporate cost claims resulting in a reduction of overhead reserves and an increase in our estimated recovery of certain environmental remediation costs and a $53 million increase in mtm-related deferred state tax benefit, partially offset by $220 million of intangible asset amortization and pp&e step-up depreciation.
2017 - unallocated corporate expense for 2017 increased $280 million, as compared with 2016, primarily due to a $67 million increase in mtm-related deferred state tax expense, $47 million of costs associated with the orbital atk acquisition and $41 million of deferred state tax expense resulting from state tax adjustments associated with the filing of our prior year federal tax return and the company's $500 million discretionary pension contribution in december 2017. in addition, the prior year period included a $35 million benefit recognized for state tax refunds claimed on our prior year tax returns and a $25 million benefit recognized for estimated prior year overhead claim recoveries.
net estimate-at-completion (eac) adjustments - we record changes in estimated contract earnings at completion (net eac adjustments) using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. net eac adjustments can have a significant effect on reported sales and operating income and the aggregate amounts are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                           2018   2017                2016
favorable eac adjustments        $1,019                $717                $771
unfavorable eac adjustments        (442    )           (357    )           (328    )
net eac adjustments                $577                $360                $443
net eac adjustments by segment are presented in the table below:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                   2018                2017                2016
aerospace systems          $309                $250                $208
innovation systems(1)        34                   -                   -
mission systems             175                 104                 217
technology services          76                  19                  47
eliminations                (17    )            (13    )            (29    )
net eac adjustments        $577                $360                $443
(1)   amounts reflect eac adjustments after the percent complete on innovation systems contracts was reset to zero as of the merger date.
for purposes of the discussion in the remainder of this segment operating results section, references to operating income and operating margin rate reflect segment operating income and segment operating margin rate, respectively.
-31-
northrop grumman corporation aerospace systems year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2018                  2017                  2016          2018           2017
sales                     $13,096               $12,131               $10,853             8    %        12    %
operating income            1,411                 1,289                 1,198             9    %         8    %
operating margin rate        10.8    %             10.6    %             11.0    %
2018 - aerospace systems sales for 2018 increased $965 million, or 8 percent, as compared with 2017, due to higher volume in each of our three business areas, principally on manned aircraft programs. manned aircraft sales were driven by higher restricted and f-35 volume. autonomous systems sales reflect higher volume on several programs, including triton, partially offset by lower global hawk volume. space sales reflect higher restricted and ground based strategic deterrent technology maturation risk reduction volume, partially offset by lower intercompany and james webb space telescope (jwst) volume.
operating income for 2018 increased $122 million, or 9 percent, primarily due to higher sales and a higher operating margin rate. operating margin rate increased to 10.8 percent from 10.6 percent principally due to improved performance, including the previously noted $69 million of favorable eac adjustments on multiple restricted programs in 2018, partially offset by the $56 million favorable eac adjustment recorded in 2017.
2017 - aerospace systems sales for 2017 increased $1.3 billion, or 12 percent, as compared with 2016, primarily due to higher volume on manned aircraft programs. manned aircraft sales were driven by higher restricted sales. autonomous systems sales increased principally due to higher volume for several programs, including triton, partially offset by lower nato alliance ground surveillance (ags) volume. space sales increased primarily due to higher restricted sales, partially offset by lower volume on the jwst and advanced extremely high frequency (aehf) programs.
operating income for 2017 increased $91 million, or 8 percent, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by a lower operating margin rate. operating margin rate decreased to 10.6 percent from 11.0 percent principally due to changes in contract mix on manned aircraft programs and a gain of $45 million recognized in the prior year associated with the sale of a property, partially offset by the previously discussed $56 million favorable eac adjustment largely related to performance incentives.
innovation systems year ended december 31        % change in
$ in millions                     2018   2017           2016           2018       2017
sales                      $3,276             -              -              -           -
operating income              343             -              -              -           -
operating margin rate        10.5    %        -              -
the sales and operating income above reflect the operating results of innovation systems subsequent to the merger date. in our comparative discussion below, we reference pro forma sales prepared in accordance with article 11 of regulation s-x and computed as if the merger had been completed as of january 1, 2017. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional supplemental consolidated pro forma financial information. this pro forma financial information should not be considered indicative of the results that would have actually occurred if the merger had been consummated on january 1, 2017, nor are they indicative of future results.
2018 - innovation systems sales for 2018 were $5.6 billion and for 2017 were $4.8 billion, each on a pro forma basis. the $0.8 billion, or 17 percent, increase reflects higher volume in each business area. defense systems sales reflect increased international volume on armament systems programs and increased volume on the anti-radiation guided missile program and small caliber ammunition programs. flight systems sales were primarily driven by higher ground-based midcourse defense, a350 and f-35 volume. space systems sales increased primarily due to higher government satellite volume.
-32-
northrop grumman corporation mission systems year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2018                  2017                  2016          2018           2017
sales                     $11,709               $11,470               $11,161             2    %         3    %
operating income            1,520                 1,442                 1,468             5    %        (2   )%
operating margin rate        13.0    %             12.6    %             13.2    %
2018 - mission systems sales for 2018 increased $239 million, or 2 percent, as compared with 2017, primarily due to higher sensors and processing volume, partially offset by lower cyber and isr and advanced capabilities volume. sensors and processing sales increased principally due to higher volume on restricted programs, communications programs, f-35 and electro-optical/infrared (eo/ir) self-protection programs. cyber and isr sales decreased primarily due to ramp-down on a restricted isr program. advanced capabilities sales reflect lower volume on the joint national integration center research and development (jrdc) program and follow on activity, partially offset by higher volume on several programs, including the integrated air and missile defense battle command system program.
operating income for 2018 increased $78 million, or 5 percent, due to a higher operating margin rate and higher sales. operating margin rate increased to 13.0 percent from 12.6 percent primarily due to improved performance on cyber and isr and sensors and processing programs, partially offset by a $32 million benefit recognized in the prior year in connection with the 2017 cost claim described above.
2017 - mission systems sales for 2017 increased $309 million, or 3 percent, as compared with 2016 primarily due to higher sensors and processing volume, partially offset by lower cyber and isr volume. sensors and processing sales increased principally due to higher volume on f-35 sensors, eo/ir self-protection programs, communications programs and the sabr program. these increases were partially offset by lower volume on international ground-based radar programs. cyber and isr sales decreased primarily due to lower volume on restricted isr programs.
operating income for 2017 decreased $26 million, or 2 percent, primarily due to a lower operating margin rate, partially offset by higher sales and $32 million recognized in connection with the 2017 cost claim described above. operating margin rate decreased to 12.6 percent from 13.2 percent primarily due to lower margin rates on sensors and processing and cyber and isr programs principally resulting from lower performance and changes in contract mix. this decrease was partially offset by improved margin rates at advanced capabilities primarily due to the prior year including a $49 million forward loss provision on an advanced capabilities program.
technology services year ended december 31                  % change in
$ in millions                     2018                  2017                  2016          2018   2017
sales                      $4,297                $4,687                $4,765            (8   )%        (2   )%
operating income              443                   449                   456            (1   )%        (2   )%
operating margin rate        10.3    %              9.6    %              9.6    %
2018 - technology services sales for 2018 decreased $390 million, or 8 percent, as compared with 2017, due to lower volume on advanced defense services and system modernization and services programs, partially offset by higher volume on global logistics and modernization programs. advanced defense services and system modernization and services sales decreased primarily due to the completion of several programs, including jrdc, partially offset by higher volume on the saudi arabian ministry of national guard training support program (through our interest in a joint venture for which we consolidate the financial results). global logistics and modernization sales increased primarily due to higher volume for several programs, including the special electronic mission aircraft program, partially offset by lower volume from the completion of the kc-10 program.
operating income for 2018 decreased $6 million, or 1 percent, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a higher operating margin rate. operating margin rate increased to 10.3 percent from 9.6 percent primarily due to the close-out of a state it outsourcing program.
2017 - technology services sales for 2017 decreased $78 million, or 2 percent, as compared with 2016, primarily due to lower volume on system modernization and services programs, partially offset by higher volume on global logistics and modernization programs. system modernization and services sales decreased principally due to the completion of several programs in 2016 and 2017. global logistics and modernization sales increased primarily due
-33-
northrop grumman corporation to higher intercompany volume and increased sales on the ukawacs and hunter programs, partially offset by lower volume on the kc-10 program as our contract nears completion.
operating income for 2017 decreased $7 million, or 2 percent, primarily due to lower sales as described above. operating margin rate was comparable to the prior year.
product and service analysis the following table presents product and service sales and operating costs and expenses by segment:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                                                    2018                                                        2017                                                        2016
segment information:                    sales            operating costs and expenses               sales            operating costs and expenses               sales            operating costs and expenses aerospace systems product                           $11,087                          $9,889                     $10,064                          $8,988                      $8,947                          $7,945
service                             2,009                           1,796                       2,067                           1,854                       1,906                           1,710
innovation systems product                             2,894                           2,582                           -                               -                           -                               -
service                               382                             351                           -                               -                           -                               -
mission systems product                             7,329                           6,335                       7,012                           6,088                       6,726                           5,810
service                             4,380                           3,854                       4,458                           3,940                       4,435                           3,883
technology services product                               485                             450                         391                             360                         327                             299
service                             3,812                           3,404                       4,296                           3,878                       4,438                           4,010
segment totals total product                     $21,795                         $19,256                     $17,467                         $15,436                     $16,000                         $14,054
total service                      10,583                           9,405                      10,821                           9,672                      10,779                           9,603
intersegment eliminations          (2,283   )                      (2,013           )          (2,284   )                      (2,007           )          (2,073   )                      (1,815           )
total segment(1)                  $30,095                         $26,648                     $26,004                         $23,101                     $24,706                         $21,842
(1)   a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in "segment operating results."
product sales and costs
2018 - product sales for 2018 increased $4.3 billion, or 25 percent, as compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to the addition of $2.9 billion of product sales from innovation systems and higher restricted and f-35 volume at aerospace systems.
product costs for 2018 increased $3.8 billion, or 25 percent, as compared with 2017, consistent with the higher product sales described above.
2017 - product sales for 2017 increased $1.5 billion, or 9 percent, as compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher product sales at aerospace systems and mission systems. higher aerospace systems product sales were primarily driven by increased restricted volume, partially offset by lower volume on the jwst and nato ags programs. the increase at mission systems was principally due to higher product volume on f-35 sensors, eo/ir self-protection programs and the sabr program.
product costs for 2017 increased $1.4 billion, or 10 percent, as compared with 2016, consistent with the higher product sales described above and reflects lower product margin rates at aerospace systems, principally due to changes in contract mix, and mission systems.
service sales and costs
2018 - service sales for 2018 decreased $238 million, or 2 percent, as compared with 2017. the decrease was primarily driven by lower service sales at technology services principally due to the completion of several programs, partially offset by the addition of $382 million of service sales from innovation systems.
-34-
northrop grumman corporation service costs for 2018 decreased $267 million, or 3 percent, as compared with 2017, consistent with the lower service sales described above and reflects a higher service margin rate at technology services due to the close-out of a state it outsourcing program.
2017 - service sales for 2017 were comparable with 2016. higher service sales at aerospace systems on several autonomous systems and manned aircraft programs were offset by lower service volume principally on the kc-10 program at technology services.
service costs for 2017 increased $69 million, or 1 percent, as compared with 2016. the increase principally reflects a lower service margin rate at mission systems.
backlog backlog represents the future sales we expect to recognize on firm orders received by the company and is equivalent to the company's remaining performance obligations at the end of each period. it comprises both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is authorized and appropriated) and unfunded backlog. unexercised contract options and indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts are not included in backlog until the time the option or idiq task order is exercised or awarded. backlog is converted into sales as costs are incurred or deliveries are made.
as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, we adopted asc topic 606 on january 1, 2018 using the full retrospective method and applied the transition practical expedient related to backlog for reporting periods presented before the date of initial application. however, for comparative purposes, we have recast our backlog as of december 31, 2017 to reflect the impact of adoption of asc topic 606.
backlog consisted of the following at december 31, 2018 and 2017:
2018                                                             2017
$ in millions                    funded             unfunded            totalbacklog             totalbacklog          % change in 2018
aerospace systems          $11,448              $14,992               $26,440                  $25,560                     3          %
innovation systems           5,928                2,279                 8,207                        -                     -
mission systems              9,676                5,732                15,408                   13,277                    16          %
technology services          2,883                  562                 3,445                    3,792                    (9         )%
total backlog              $29,935              $23,565               $53,500                  $42,629                    26          %
approximately $26.6 billion of the $53.5 billion total backlog at december 31, 2018 is expected to be converted into sales in 2019.
liquidity and capital resources we endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating income into cash for deployment in our business and to maximize shareholder value through cash deployment activities. in addition to our cash position, we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision-making, including cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow, a non-gaap measure described in more detail below.
as of december 31, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion; approximately $250 million was held outside of the u.s. by foreign subsidiaries. cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operating activities, supplemented by borrowings under credit facilities, commercial paper and/or in the capital markets, if needed, are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. capital expenditure commitments were $784 million at december 31, 2018, and are expected to be paid with cash on hand.
-35-
northrop grumman corporation operating cash flow the table below summarizes key components of cash flow provided by operating activities:
year ended december 31
$ in millions                                       2018                 2017                  2016
net earnings                                               $3,229                $2,869                $2,043
non-cash items(1)                                           1,775                 1,018                 1,439
changes in assets and liabilities:
trade working capital                                         (65    )             (285    )             (169    )
retiree benefits, excluding mtm (expense) benefit          (1,083    )             (946    )             (375    )
other, net                                                    (29    )              (43    )             (125    )
net cash provided by operating activities                  $3,827                $2,613                $2,813
(1)   includes depreciation and amortization, mtm (expense) benefit, stock based compensation expense and deferred income taxes.
2018 - net cash provided by operating activities for 2018 increased by $1.2 billion, or 46 percent, as compared with 2017, principally due to higher net earnings, which include the addition of innovation systems, and improved trade working capital performance.
2017 - net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 decreased by $200 million, or 7 percent, as compared with 2016, principally due to a $500 million voluntary pre-tax pension contribution ($325 million after-tax) made in december 2017.
free cash flow free cash flow, as reconciled in the table below, is a non-gaap measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we use free cash flow as a key factor in our planning for, and consideration of, acquisitions, the payment of dividends and share repurchases. this non-gaap measure may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as a supplemental measure of our cash performance, but should not be considered in isolation, as a measure of residual cash flow available for discretionary purposes, or as an alternative to operating cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31                   % change in
$ in millions                               2018                 2017                  2016                         2018            2017
net cash provided by operating activities          $3,827                $2,613                $2,813            46    %         (7   )%
less: capital expenditures                         (1,249    )             (928    )             (920    )       35    %          1   %
free cash flow                                     $2,578                $1,685                $1,893            53    %        (11   )%
2018 - free cash flow for 2018 increased $893 million, or 53 percent, as compared with 2017. the increase was principally driven by the increase in net cash provided by operating activities described above, partially offset by the inclusion of innovation systems' capital expenditures and higher capital expenditures at aerospace systems.
2017 - free cash flow for 2017 decreased $208 million, or 11 percent, as compared with 2016. the decrease was principally driven by the $500 million voluntary pre-tax pension contribution discussed above.
investing cash flow
2018 - net cash used in investing activities for 2018 increased to $8.9 billion from $889 million in 2017. the increase was principally due to $7.7 billion paid for the acquisition of orbital atk, net of cash acquired.
2017 - net cash used in investing activities for 2017 increased $84 million, or 10 percent, as compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to proceeds from the 2016 sales of a property at aerospace systems and a commercial cyber security business at mission systems, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of two investments in 2017.
financing cash flow
2018 - net cash used in financing activities during 2018 was $4.6 billion, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $7.0 billion in 2017. the change is principally due to $2.3 billion in debt repayments, $870
-36-
northrop grumman corporation million higher share repurchases and $320 million in payments to credit facilities in 2018, compared with $8.2 billion net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt in 2017.
2017 - net cash provided by financing activities during 2017 was $7.0 billion compared to net cash used in financing activities of $1.8 billion in 2016. the change is principally due to $7.5 billion higher net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and $1.2 billion lower share repurchases in 2017.
share repurchases - see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our share repurchase programs.
commercial paper, credit facilities and unsecured senior notes - see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our commercial paper, credit facilities and unsecured senior notes.
financial arrangements - see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our use of standby letters of credit and guarantees.
other sources of capital - we believe we can obtain additional capital, if necessary for long-term liquidity, from such sources as the public or private capital markets, the sale of assets, sale and leaseback of operating assets, and leasing rather than purchasing new assets. we have an effective shelf registration statement on file with the sec, which allows us to access capital in a timely manner.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2018, we had contractual commitments to repay debt with interest, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and make payments on various other liabilities. payments due under these obligations and commitments, and the estimated timing of those payments, are as follows:
$ in millions                                 total                2019            2020- 2021            2022- 2023             2024 and beyond long-term debt                          $14,475                $517              $1,868                $2,558                    $9,532
interest payments on long-term debt       7,181                 550               1,008                   903                     4,720
operating leases                          2,080                 312                 491                   338                       939
purchase obligations(1)                  12,962               7,167               3,862                   917                     1,016
other long-term liabilities(2)            1,418                 499                 376                   146                       397
total contractual obligations           $38,116              $9,045              $7,605                $4,862                   $16,604
(1)   a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these amounts are primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to suppliers and subcontractors pertaining to funded contracts.
(2)   other long-term liabilities, including their current portions, primarily consist of total accrued environmental reserves, deferred compensation and other miscellaneous liabilities, of which $159 million is related to environmental reserves recorded in other current liabilities. it excludes obligations for uncertain tax positions of $772 million, as the timing of such payments, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated.
the table above excludes estimated minimum funding requirements for the company's pension and opb plans, as set forth by the employee retirement income security act, as amended. for further information about future minimum contributions for these plans, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. further details regarding long-term debt and operating leases can be found in notes 10 and 12, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are based on gaap, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. we employ judgment in making our estimates in consideration of historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the understanding of our consolidated financial statements and require the use of significant management judgment in their application. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
-37-
northrop grumman corporation revenue recognition due to the long-term nature of our contracts, we generally recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost method, which requires us to make reasonably dependable estimates regarding the revenue and cost associated with the design, manufacture and delivery of our products and services.
contract sales may include estimates of variable consideration, including cost or performance incentives (such as award and incentive fees), contract claims and requests for equitable adjustment (reas). variable consideration is included in total estimated sales to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. we estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled.
our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our engineering, program management and financial professionals, and draws on their significant experience and judgment. we prepare eacs for our contracts and calculate an estimated contract profit based on total estimated contract sales and cost. since our contracts typically span a period of several years, estimation of revenue, cost, and progress toward completion requires the use of judgment. factors considered in these estimates include our historical performance, the availability, productivity and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of work to be performed, the effect of change orders, availability and cost of materials, components and subcontracts, the effect of any delays in performance and the level of indirect cost allocations.
we generally review and reassess our sales, cost and profit estimates for each significant contract at least annually or more frequently as determined by the occurrence of events, changes in circumstances and evaluations of contract performance to reflect the latest reliable information available. changes in estimates of contract sales and cost are frequent. the company performs on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software, that often include technology at the forefront of science. changes in estimates occur for a variety of reasons, including changes in contract scope, the resolution of risk at lower or higher cost than anticipated, unanticipated risks affecting contract costs, performance issues with our subcontractors or suppliers, changes in indirect cost allocations, such as overhead and g&a costs, and changes in estimated award and incentive fees. identified risks typically include technical, schedule and/or performance risk based on our evaluation of the contract effort. similarly, the changes in estimates may include changes in, or resolution of, identified opportunities for operating margin improvement.
for the impacts of changes in estimates on our consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, see "segment operating results" and note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
retirement benefits overview - the determination of projected benefit obligations, the fair value of plan assets for our pension and opb plans and pension and opb expense requires the use of estimates and actuarial assumptions. we perform an annual review of our actuarial assumptions in consultation with our actuaries. as we determine changes in the assumptions are warranted, or as a result of plan amendments, future pension and opb expense and our projected benefit obligation could increase or decrease. the principal estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations are the discount rate, cash balance crediting rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, estimated fair market value of plan assets, and the mortality rate of those covered by our pension and opb plans. the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions (i.e. actuarial gains or losses) are recognized immediately through earnings upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
discount rate - the discount rate represents the interest rate that is used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently expected to be required to settle our pension and opb obligations. the discount rate is generally based on the yield of high-quality corporate fixed-income investments. at the end of each year, we determine the discount rate using a theoretical bond portfolio model of bonds rated aa or better to match the notional cash outflows related to projected benefit payments for each of our significant benefit plans. taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted-average composite pension discount rate was 4.31 percent at december 31, 2018, and 3.68 percent at december 31, 2017.
-38-
northrop grumman corporation the effects of a hypothetical change in the discount rate may be nonlinear and asymmetrical for future years as the discount rate changes. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2018 discount rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2018 pension and opb obligations, which would be reflected in the 2018 mtm expense (benefit), and 2019 expected pension and opb expense:
$ in millions        25 basis point decrease in rate        25 basis point increase in rate
2019 pension and opb (benefit) expense                      $(22            )                       $20
2018 pension and opb obligation and mtm expense (benefit)                     1,069                                 (1,016            )
cash balance crediting rate - a portion of the company's pension obligation and resulting pension expense is based on a cash balance formula, where participants' hypothetical account balances are accumulated over time with pay-based credits and interest. interest is credited monthly using the current 30-year treasury bond rate. the interest crediting rate is part of the cash balance formula and independent of actual pension investment earnings. the cash balance crediting rate tends to move in concert with the discount rate but has an offsetting effect on pension benefit obligations and the related mtm (benefit) expense. the cash balance crediting rate assumption has therefore been set to its current level of 3.0 percent as of december 31, 2018, growing to 3.25 percent by 2024. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2018 cash balance crediting rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on the 2018 pension benefit obligation, which would be reflected in the 2018 mtm (benefit) expense, and 2019 expected pension expense:
$ in millions        25 basis point decrease in rate            25 basis point increase in rate
2019 pension (benefit) expense                      $(11            )                           $12
2018 pension obligation and mtm (benefit) expense                      (125            )   130
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (eroa) assumption reflects the average rate of net earnings we expect on current and future benefit plan investments. eroa is a long-term assumption, which we review annually and adjust to reflect changes in our long-term view of expected market returns and/or significant changes in our plan asset investment policy. due to the inherent uncertainty of this assumption, we consider multiple data points at the measurement date including the plan's target asset allocation, historical asset returns and third party projection models of expected long-term returns for each of the plans' strategic asset classes. in addition to the data points themselves, we consider trends in the data points, including changes from the prior measurement date. the eroa assumptions we use for pension benefits are consistent with those used for opb plans; however, we reduce the eroa for opb plans to allow for the impact of tax on investment earnings, as certain voluntary employee beneficiary association trusts are taxable.
during 2018, the investment committee of the company's benefit plans reviewed and approved the plans' major asset class allocations. the current asset allocation is approximately 45% equities, 30% fixed-income and 25% alternatives, which reflects a shift of approximately 5% from fixed-income to alternatives. at this time, the investment committee is not contemplating any significant changes to that mix. for further information on plan asset investments, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
while historical market returns are not necessarily predictive of future market returns, given our long history of plan performance supported by the stability in our investment mix, investment managers, and active asset management, we believe our actual historical performance is a reasonable metric to consider when developing our eroa. our average annual rate of return from 1976 to 2018 was approximately 10.9 percent and our 20-year rolling average rate of return was approximately 7.1 percent, each determined on an arithmetic basis and net of expenses. our 2018 actual net plan asset losses were approximately 3.5 percent.
consistent with our past practice, we obtained long-term capital market forecasting models from several third parties and, using our target asset allocation, developed an expected rate of return on plan assets from each model. we considered not only the specific returns projected by those third party models, but also changes in the models year-to-year when developing our eroa.
-39-
northrop grumman corporation for determining 2018 fas expense, we assumed an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 8.0 percent and an expected long-term rate of return on opb plan assets of 7.65 percent. for 2019 fas expense, we have assumed an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets of 8.0 percent and 7.67 percent on opb plans. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in our december 31, 2018 eroa assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2019 expected pension and opb expense:
$ in millions                                25 basis point decrease   25 basis point increase
2019 pension and opb expense (benefit)                 $69             $(69                )
in addition, holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in actual versus expected return on plan assets would have the following estimated effects on our 2019 mtm expense (benefit):
$ in millions                   100 basis point decrease      100 basis point increase
2019 mtm expense (benefit)            275                          (275   )
estimated fair market value of plan assets - for certain plan assets where the fair market value is not readily determinable, such as real estate, private equity, hedge funds and opportunistic investments, estimates of fair value are determined using the best information available. estimated fair values on these plan assets are based on redemption values and net asset values, as well as valuation methodologies that include third party appraisals, comparable transactions, discounted cash flow valuation models and public market data.
mortality rate - mortality assumptions are used to estimate life expectancies of plan participants. in october 2014, the society of actuaries (soa) issued updated mortality tables and a mortality improvement scale, which reflected longer life expectancies than previously projected. the soa has issued annual updates to their mortality improvement scale each year since then as additional data has become available. these updates generally contained lower mortality improvement projections than the original projections from 2014. after considering the additional information released by the soa in october 2018, and after reviewing our own historical mortality experience, we continued our practice of adopting the latest soa projection scale, but with a long-term improvement rate of 0.75% versus 1.0% assumed by the soa. accordingly, we updated the mortality assumptions used in calculating our pension and opb obligations recognized at december 31, 2018, and the amounts estimated for our 2019 pension and opb expense.
for further information regarding our pension and opb plans, see "risk factors" and note 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation, commitments and contingencies we are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, lawsuits, overhead cost claims, environmental matters, income tax matters and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment based upon the professional knowledge and experience of management. we determine whether to record a reserve and, if so, what amount based on consideration of the facts and circumstances of each matter as then known to us. determinations regarding whether to record a reserve and, if so, of what amount, reflect management's assessment regarding what is likely to occur; they do not necessarily reflect what management believes should occur. the ultimate resolution of any such exposure to us may vary materially from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances develop or become known to us.
environmental matters - we are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do or have done business. factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of reasonably estimated costs and environmental accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions; changes in the estimated time required to conduct remedial actions; discovery of more or less extensive (or different) contamination than anticipated; information regarding the potential causes and effects of contamination; results of efforts to involve other responsible parties; financial capabilities of other responsible parties; changes in laws and regulations, their interpretation or application; contractual obligations affecting remediation or responsibilities; and improvements in remediation technology.
for further information on litigation, commitments and contingencies, see "risk factors" and note 1, note 11 and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
-40-
northrop grumman corporation goodwill and other purchased intangible assets overview - we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values, with the excess recorded as goodwill. such fair value assessments require judgments and estimates that can be affected by contract performance and other factors over time, which may cause final amounts to differ materially from original estimates. adjustments to the fair value of purchased assets and liabilities after the initial measurement period are recognized in net earnings.
we recognize purchased intangible assets in connection with our business acquisitions at fair value on the acquisition date. the most significant purchased intangible assets recognized from our acquisitions are generally customer-related intangible assets, including customer contracts and commercial customer relationships. we determine the fair value of those customer-related intangible assets based on estimates and judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates and discount rates. in some cases, we use discounted cash flow analyses, which are based on estimates of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering such factors as general market conditions, customer budgets, existing firm and future orders, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance.
impairment testing - we test for impairment of goodwill annually at each of our reporting units, which comprise our operating segments. the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, indicated that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. there were no impairment charges recorded in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
in addition to performing an annual goodwill impairment test, we may perform an interim impairment test if events occur or circumstances change that suggest goodwill in any of our reporting units may be impaired. such indicators may include, but are not limited to, the loss of significant business, significant reductions in federal government appropriations or other significant adverse changes in industry or market conditions.
when testing goodwill for impairment, we compare the fair values of each of our reporting units to their respective carrying values. to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we primarily use the income approach based on the cash flows that the reporting unit expects to generate in the future, consistent with our operating plans. this income valuation method requires management to project sales, operating expenses, working capital, capital spending and cash flows for the reporting units over a multi-year period, as well as to determine the weighted-average cost of capital (wacc) used as a discount rate and terminal value assumptions. the wacc takes into account the relative weights of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital adjusted as appropriate to consider lower risk profiles associated with longer-term contracts and barriers to market entry. the terminal value assumptions are applied to the final year of the discounted cash flow model. we use industry multiples (including relevant control premiums) of operating earnings to corroborate the fair values of our reporting units determined under the market valuation method of the income approach.
we test for impairment of our purchased intangible assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. our assessment is based on our projection of the undiscounted future operating cash flows of the related asset group. if such projections indicate that future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying amount, we recognize a non-cash impairment charge to reduce the carrying amount to fair value. there were no impairment charges recorded in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016.
impairment assessment inherently involves management judgments as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business' fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill and other purchased intangible assets, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the results of our impairment analysis.
other matters off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases, which largely will be recorded on our balance sheet effective january 1, 2019 in connection with our adoption of the new lease standard. for additional information on our operating leases, see notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
-41-
northrop grumman corporation
