item 1a - risk factors related to nrg energy, inc.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg adopted and initiated the transformation plan. if the transformation plan does not achieve its expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
nrg adopted and initiated the transformation plan, designed to significantly strengthen earnings and cost competitiveness, lower risk and volatility, and create significant shareholder value. the three-part, three-year plan is comprised of the following components: (i) operations and cost excellence; (ii) portfolio optimization; and (iii) capital structure and allocation enhancements.
nrg may be unable to fully implement the components of the transformation plan, in which case, nrg would not realize the anticipated benefits. alternatively, such components of the transformation plan, even if implemented, may not result in the anticipated benefits to nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner if at all. further, nrg could experience unexpected delays, business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives during and following completion of these activities, decreased productivity, adverse effects on employee morale and employee turnover as a result of such initiatives, any of which may impair nrg's ability to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm nrg's business, results of operations and financial condition.
nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the retail and wholesale power and natural gas markets, as well as fluctuations in coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long- and short-term power prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•   changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power as a result of the development of new plants, expansion of existing plants, the continued operation of uneconomic power plants due to state subsidies, or additional transmission capacity;
•   environmental regulations and legislation;
•   electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•   changes in power transmission infrastructure;
•   fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•   changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•   weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the effects of climate change;
•   changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•   changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•   development of new fuels, new technologies and new forms of competition for the production of power;
•   fuel price volatility;
•   economic and political conditions;
•   regulations and actions of the isos and rtos;
•   federal and state power regulations and legislation;
•   changes in prices related to recs; and
•   changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
while retail rates are generally designed to allow retail sellers of electricity and natural gas to pass through price fluctuations, the company may not be able to pass through all such fluctuations to customers. for example, the company engages in some sales of power at fixed prices. additionally, increases in wholesale costs to retail customers may cause additional customer defaults or increased customer attrition, or may be limited by regulatory rules.
25
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale and retail profitability in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
some of nrg's businesses operate, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
some of nrg's businesses operate without long-term contracts. in retail, many of nrg's customers are contracted for a period of one year or less, and nrg may or may not hedge its retail power sales exposure, or may hedge in a manner that is not effective at managing quantity or price risk in the retail market. in generation, many of nrg's facilities operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output and therefore are exposed to market fluctuations. without the benefit of long-term power sales or purchase agreements, and without long-term load obligations, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell or purchase power at commercially attractive rates or that its generation facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plant and equipment, the closing of certain of its facilities or the loss of retail customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the company's retail businesses may lose a significant number of retail customers due to competitive marketing activity by other retail electricity providers which could adversely affect the financial performance of the company's retail businesses.
the company's retail businesses face competition for customers. competitors may offer different products, lower prices, and other incentives, which may attract customers away from nrg's retail businesses. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers and strong brand recognition. furthermore, nrg's retail businesses may face competition from a number of other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services, who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg and its retail businesses.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. its retail operations can likewise be affected by changes in commodity costs. grid operations depend on the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as upon the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve generation facilities and to ensure that there is sufficient power produced to meet retail demand. as a result, the company's wholesale generating facilities are subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price or if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure. the company's retail operations are likewise subject to many of the same constraints.
nrg routinely hedges both its wholesale sales and purchases to support its retail load obligations. in order to hedge these obligations, the company may enter into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. disruptions in the company's fuel supplies or power supply arrangements may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to retail customers or other counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power or sell electricity or natural gas as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
26
nrg also buys significant quantities of electricity and fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices sometimes rise or fall significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. retail rates may also not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance. changes in market prices for electricity, natural gas, coal and oil may result from the following:
•   weather conditions;
•   seasonality;
•   demand for energy commodities and general economic conditions;
•   disruption or other constraints or inefficiencies of electricity, gas or coal transmission or transportation;
•   additional generating capacity;
•   availability and levels of storage and inventory for fuel stocks;
•   natural gas, crude oil, refined products and coal production levels;
•   changes in market liquidity;
•   federal, state and foreign governmental regulation and legislation; and
•   the creditworthiness and liquidity and willingness of fuel suppliers/transporters to do business with the company.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price, or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
changes in the price of coal and natural gas could cause the company to hold excess coal inventories and incur contract termination costs.
low natural gas prices can cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. because the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities, the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
volatile power supply costs and demand for power could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail businesses.
although nrg is the primary provider of its retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply requirements, the retail businesses purchase a significant portion of their supply requirements from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of electric generation from third parties at prices below the prices it charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply costs rise at a greater rate than the rates it charges to customers. the price of wholesale electricity supply purchases associated with the retail businesses' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•   varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•   subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•   daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•   transmission constraints and the company's ability to move power to its customers; and
•   changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the retail businesses' earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, competition and economic conditions.
27
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its power generation and retail operations. the company's risk management policies and hedging procedures may not mitigate risk as planned, and the company may fail to fully or effectively hedge its commodity supply and price risk. in addition, these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell power at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale or purchase obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
the company may sell fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of these agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower-cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its power generation and retail operations. these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells or buys power forward, it gives up the opportunity to buy or sell power at the future price, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
28
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its retail and wholesale business, which involves the purchase of electricity for resale, the sale of energy, capacity and related products, and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these marketing activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset or netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may depend on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages, or if retail customers use more power than expected, the company may be required to procure additional power at spot market prices to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
the accounting for nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
nrg engages in commodity-related marketing and price-risk management activities in order to financially hedge its exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from its generation assets, fuel utilized by those assets and emission allowances, as well as retail sales of electricity.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. whether a derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment depends upon it meeting specific criteria used to determine if the cash flow hedge is and will remain appropriate for the term of the derivative. all economic hedges may not necessarily qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
competition in power markets may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. new parties may offer retail electricity bundled with other products or at prices that are below the company's rates.
because many of the company's facilities are older, newer plants owned by the company's competitors are often more efficient than nrg's aging plants, which may put some of the company's plants at a competitive disadvantage to the extent the company's competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plants consume. over time, the company's plants may be squeezed out of their markets or may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants.
other companies with which nrg competes may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater potential for profitability from retail sales or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does. competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put nrg at a competitive disadvantage.
29
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or to devote greater resources to marketing of retail power than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or non-performance penalties or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of running one of its higher cost units or obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. while nrg maintains insurance, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not be adequate to cover the company's lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the company experience equipment breakdown or non-performance by contractors or vendors.
in addition, nrg provides plant operations and commercial services to a variety of third-parties. there is a risk that mistakes, mis-operations, or actions taken by these third-parties could be attributed to nrg, including the risk of investigation or penalties being assessed to nrg in connection with the services it offers, or that regulators could question whether nrg had the appropriate safeguards in place.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, but the company cannot provide any assurance that its insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not fully insured could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
many of nrg's facilities require periodic maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
if nrg significantly modifies a unit, the company may be required to install the best available control technology or to achieve the lowest achievable emission rates as such terms are defined under the new source review provisions of the caa, which would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures.
30
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
supplier and/or customer concentration at certain of nrg's facilities may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel, chemicals and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform, the company utilizes the marketplace to provide these services. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
at times, nrg may rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given facility. the company has also hedged a portion of its exposure to power price fluctuations through forward fixed price power sales and natural gas price swap agreements. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company was unable to enter into replacement ppas, the company would sell its plants' power at market prices. if the company is unable to enter into replacement fuel or fuel transportation purchase agreements, nrg would seek to purchase the company's fuel requirements at market prices, exposing the company to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
nrg relies on power transmission and distribution facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions.
nrg depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by others to deliver wholesale power sales and retail power sales to its customers. if transmission or distribution is disrupted, including by force majeure events, or if the transmission or distribution infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be adversely impacted. the company also cannot predict whether transmission or distribution facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs associated with wholesale power sales or purchases, or retail sales, particularly where the company's load is not co-located with its retail sales obligations. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management and other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
31
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition or disposition activities could involve unknown risks and may have materially adverse effects and nrg may be subject to trailing liabilities from businesses that it disposes of or that are inactive.
nrg may in the future make acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets, acquire or sell books of retail customers, or pursue other business activities, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, that involve a number of risks. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets or customers, the ability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. in the case of dispositions, such risks may relate to employment matters, counterparties, regulators and other stakeholders in the disposed business, risks relating to separating the disposed assets from nrg's business, risks related to the management of nrg's ongoing business, risks unknown to nrg at the time, and other financial, legal and operational risks related to such disposition. in addition, nrg may be subject to material trailing liabilities from disposed businesses such as clearway energy inc., and its renewables platform. any such risk may result in one or more costly disputes or litigation. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them. there can also be no assurances that nrg will realize the anticipated benefits from any such dispositions. the failure to realize the anticipated returns or benefits from an acquisition or disposition could adversely affect nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2018, approximately 26% of nrg's employees at its u.s. generation plants were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiations. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants and the attractiveness of its retail products.
research and development activities are ongoing to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position. technology, including distributed technology or changes in retail rate structures, may also have a material impact on the company's ability to retain retail customers.
the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
some emerging technologies like distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices could affect the price of energy. these emerging technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
32
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster, hostile cyber intrusions or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with them, that could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems as well as electronic control systems used at the generating plants and for the distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company's retail businesses are dependent. power supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer load.
the operation of nrg's businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses depend on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of nrg's generation plants, including stp, and of nrg's energy and fuel trading businesses rely on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information could be lost or stolen, causing nrg to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to nrg's reputation. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its cyber systems and plants.
the company's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in an adverse impact to its reputation and/or the results of operations of the company's retail businesses.
the company's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. examples of sensitive customer data are names, addresses, account information, historical electricity usage, expected patterns of use, payment history, credit bureau data, credit and debit card account numbers, driver's license numbers, social security numbers and bank account information. nrg's retail businesses may need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers, who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center operations, to nrg's retail businesses. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nrg and its retail businesses may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or nrg and its retail businesses may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future energy regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with the requirements under these legal and regulatory regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, reduce the company's ability to sell retail power within certain states or to certain classes of retail customers; or restrict the company's marketing practices, its ability to pass through costs to retail customers, or its ability to compete on favorable terms with competitors, including the incumbent utility. retail competition is regulated on a state-by-state level and is highly dependent on state laws, regulations and policies, which could change at any moment.
failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
33
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generating facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to reinstate the vertical monopoly utility of the markets or require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, since 2010, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
nrg's business may be affected by state interference in the competitive wholesale marketplace.
nrg's generation and competitive retail businesses rely on a competitive wholesale marketplace. the competitive wholesale marketplace may be impacted by out-of-market subsidies provided by states or state entities, including bailouts of uneconomic nuclear plants, imports of power from canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated costs, as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. these out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by the company. if these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and the company may not be successful in its efforts to insulate the competitive market from this interference. the company's retail businesses may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market and the pay-for-performance mechanism in iso-ne could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
both iso-ne and pjm operate a pay-for-performance model where capacity payments are modified based on real-time generator performance. capacity market prices are sensitive to design parameters, as well as additions of new capacity. nrg may experience substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
34
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended, or aea, ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2047 (unit 1) and december 15, 2048 (unit 2).
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently.  this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement.  any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability.  stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. see also item 1 - regulatory matters - nuclear operations - decommissioning trusts and item 1 - environmental matters - federal environmental initiatives - nuclear waste for further discussion. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 21, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. federal and state environmental laws generally have become more stringent over time. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
fluctuations in weather and other environmental conditions, including temperature and precipitation levels, may affect consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and supply chain, and cause them to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. nrg's commercial and residential customers may also experience the potential physical impacts of climate change and may incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these efforts, including increasing the mix and resiliency of their energy solutions and supply.
35
climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants. nrg monitors water risk carefully. if it is determined that a water supply risk exists that could impact projected generation levels at any plant risk mitigation efforts are identified and evaluated for implementation.
ghg regulation could increase the cost of electricity generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could reduce demand for the power nrg generates and markets. also, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly impacted by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions, as well as mitigate climate change, could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ghg emissions for 2018 can be found in item 1, business - operational statistics. in 2015, the epa promulgated the final ghg emissions rules for new and existing fossil-fuel-fired electric generating units, which have been stayed by the u.s. supreme court and the epa has proposed repealing.
the company operates generating units in connecticut, delaware, maryland, and new york which are subject to rggi, which is a regional cap and trade system for co2. in 2013, each of these states finalized a rule that reduced and will continue to reduce the number of allowances through 2020. the nine rggi states re-evaluated the program and published a model rule to further reduce the number of allowances. the revisions being currently contemplated could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
california has a co2 cap and trade program for electric generating units greater than 25 mw. the impact on the company depends on the cost of the allowances and the ability to pass these costs through to customers.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, or critical plant assets. the contribution of climate change to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events could affect nrg's operations and planning process.
nrg's retail businesses are subject to changing state rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the profitability of its business lines.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses partially depends on state regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers.  these state policies, which can include controls on the retail rates nrg's retail businesses can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements, which can affect the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses. the company's retail businesses may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities to participate in competitive retail markets or own and operate facilities that could be provided by competitive market participants. additionally, state or federal imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power.  nrg's retail businesses have limited ability to influence development of these policies, and its business model may be more or less effective, depending on changes to the regulatory environment.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including:
•   multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change;
•   imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints;
•   imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas;
•   national and international conflict, including terrorist acts; and
•   political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
36
risks related to economic and financial market conditions nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•   increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•   requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends to holders of its preferred or common stock or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•   limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•   exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings, including borrowings under its senior secured credit facility are at variable rates of interest;
•   limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•   limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt.
the indentures for nrg's notes and senior secured credit facility contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including:
•   general economic and capital market conditions;
•   credit availability from banks and other financial institutions;
•   investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets;
•   nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries;
•   nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements;
•   maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;
•   cash flow; and
•   provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's earnings. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment, including nrg's businesses. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. the combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy markets in general, further impacting nrg's energy marketing results. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for power and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial statements.
37
goodwill and/or other intangible assets not subject to amortization that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to mandatory annual impairment evaluations and as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with asc 350, intangibles - goodwill and other, or asc 350, goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment and other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and may be amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. nrg is continuing to pursue investment opportunities in renewables, consumer products and distributed generation. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as residential solar systems and mass market back-up generators. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
38
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors related to nrg energy, inc. and the following:
•   nrg's ability to achieve the expected benefits of its transformation plan;
•   nrg's ability to engage in successful sales and divestitures as well as mergers and acquisitions activity;
•   nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•   general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•   volatile power supply costs and demand for power;
•   changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•   hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•   the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures, and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•   counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•   nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•   nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•   the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•   government regulation, including changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws;
•   price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•   nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk for units subject to capacity performance requirements in pjm, performance incentives in iso-ne, and scarcity pricing in ercot;
•   nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness going forward;
•   operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in the indentures governing nrg's outstanding notes, in nrg's senior credit facility, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•   cyber terrorism and inadequate cybersecurity, or the occurrence of a catastrophic loss and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards or the inability of nrg's insurers to provide coverage;
•   nrg's ability to develop and build new power generation facilities;
•   nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•   nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•   nrg's ability to increase cash from operations through operational and commercial initiatives, corporate efficiencies, asset strategy, and a range of other programs throughout nrg to reduce costs or generate revenues;
•   nrg's ability to achieve its strategy of regularly returning capital to stockholders;
•   nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•   nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses; and
•   nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships.
39
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and nrg energy, inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the foregoing review of factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•   executive summary, including the business environment in which nrg energy inc., or nrg or the company, operates, a discussion of regulation, weather, competition and other factors that affect the business, transformation plan update, and other significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition;
•   results of operations, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•   financial condition addressing credit ratings, liquidity position, sources and uses of cash, capital resources and requirements, commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements; and
•   critical accounting policies which are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations to this form 10-k, which presents the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detailed discussion about the company's business.
as further described in note 3,  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, the company is treating the following businesses as discontinued operations, which have been recast to present in the corporate segment:
•   south central portfolio
•   nrg yield, inc. and its renewables platform
•   carlsbad
•   genon executive summary nrg is an energy company built on dynamic retail brands with diverse generation assets. nrg brings the power of energy to consumers by producing, selling and delivering electricity and related products and services in major competitive power markets in the u.s. in a manner that delivers value to all of nrg's stakeholders. the company sells energy, services, and innovative, sustainable products and services directly to retail customers under the names "nrg" and "reliant" and other brand names owned by nrg supported by approximately 23,000(a) mw of generation as of december 31, 2018.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company and its businesses, and the power generation and retail energy industry in general in 2018 and for the future medium term include:
commodities markets - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates. natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas consumers and producers.  in 2018, average natural gas prices at henry hub was 1.0% lower than in 2017.
if long-term gas prices decrease, the company is likely to encounter lower realized energy prices, leading to lower energy revenues as higher priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with lower gas and power prices.  nrg's retail gross margins have historically improved as natural gas prices decline and are likely to partially offset the impact of declining gas prices on conventional wholesale power generation.  to further mitigate this impact, nrg may increase its percentage of coal and nuclear capacity sold forward using a variety of hedging instruments, as described under the heading "energy-related commodities" in item 15 - note 5, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, to the consolidated financial statements.
natural gas prices are a primary driver of coal demand.  the low-priced commodity environment has stressed coal equities, leading coal suppliers to file for bankruptcy protection, launch debt exchanges, rationalize assets, and cut production.  if multiple parties withdraw from the market, liquidity could be challenged in the short term.  inventory overhang will be utilized to offset production losses. coal prices are typically affected by the price of natural gas.
(a)   excluding discontinued operations and held for sale
48
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. an increase in supply cost volatility in the competitive retail markets may result in smaller companies choosing to exit the market, which may result in further consolidation in the competitive retail space. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. power prices were higher for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017 and 2016.  ercot power prices were higher primarily due to the continued effect of lower reserve margins as a result of asset retirements in the region.  power prices in east region increased for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017 and 2016 primarily driven by higher winter demand and higher natural gas prices in the fourth quarter of 2018.
average on-peak power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31           2018 vs 2017           2017 vs 2016
region                              2018                  2017                  2016               change %               change %
texas (a)
ercot - houston(a)           $37.29                $33.95                $26.91                 10        %            26        %
ercot - north(a)              36.26                 25.86                 24.53                 40        %             5        %
east/west miso - louisiana hub(b)       43.70                 40.02                 34.30                  9        %            17        %
ny j/nyc(b)                   47.19                 38.34                 35.29                 23        %             9        %
nepool(b)                     49.96                 37.18                 35.05                 34        %             6        %
comed (pjm)(b)                34.60                 32.46                 32.11                  7        %             1        %
pjm west hub(b)               41.66                 34.14                 33.79                 22        %             1        %
caiso - sp15(b)               47.33                 36.48                 31.17                 30        %            17        %
(a) average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos
(b) average on-peak power prices based on day ahead settlement prices as published by the respective isos the following table summarizes average realized power prices for each region in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, which reflects the impact of settled hedges.
average realized power price ($/mwh)
year ended december 31           2018 vs 2017           2017 vs 2016
region                2018   2017                                 2016               change %               change %
texas          $37.12                $33.45                $40.49                 11   %                (17   )%
east/west       43.70        46.48                          47.14                 (6   )%                (1   )%
the average realized power prices for december 31, 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017, increased in texas as a result of higher power prices, and decreased in east/west as a result of the roll off of hedges. the average realized power prices for december 31, 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 decreased in both texas and east/west as a result of the roll off of hedges.
clean infrastructure development - policy mechanisms at the state and federal level including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans, have supported and continue to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other clean infrastructure technologies. in addition, the costs associated with the development of clean infrastructure, such as wind and solar generating facilities, continues to decline. these factors continue to drive increases in the development of clean infrastructure in the markets where the company participates, which may impact the ability of the company's generating facilities to participate in those markets. according to ercot, inc., more than 30% of 2018 energy consumption in the ercot market was generated from carbon-free resources with wind power contributing 19%. certainly, subsidies and incentives have contributed to the increase in renewable power sources, but it is also true that customer awareness/preferences have shifted toward sustainable solutions. alternatively, increased demand for sustainable energy products from both residential and commercial consumers creates opportunities for diversified product offerings in competitive retail markets.
49
digitization and customization - the electric industry is experiencing major technology changes in the way power is distributed and used by end-use customers. the electric grid is shifting from a centralized analog system, where power is generated from limited sources and flows in one direction, to a decentralized multidirectional system, where power can be generated from a number of distributed resources and stored or dispatched on an as-needed basis. in addition, consumers are seeking new ways to engage with their power providers. technologies like smart thermostats, appliances and electric vehicles are giving individuals more choice and control over their electricity usage.
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg does business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels and may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg is typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•   seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•   extreme peak demands;
•   available supply resources;
•   transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•   location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•   procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•   changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•   weather conditions;
•   market liquidity;
•   capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•   local transportation systems; and
•   the nature and extent of electricity deregulation environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 23, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, environmental matters, section. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 22, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, regulatory matters, section. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 21, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
50
transformation plan nrg is well underway in executing its transformation plan. the company expects to fully implement the transformation plan by the end of 2020 with a significant portion completed in 2018. the three-part, three-year plan is comprised of the following targets and the company's achievements towards such targets are as follows:
operations and cost excellence recurring cost savings and margin enhancement of $1,065 million, which consists of $590 million of cumulative cost savings, a $215 million net margin enhancement program, $50 million annual reduction in maintenance capital expenditures, and $210 million in permanent selling, general and administrative expense reduction associated with asset sales. the company realized annual cost savings of $532 million and $32 million of margin enhancements during the year ended december 31, 2018 and is on track to realize $590 million of cost savings and $135 million of margin enhancements in 2019.
the company expects to realize (i) $370 million of non-recurring working capital improvements through 2020 and (ii) approximately $290 million one-time costs to achieve. by december 31, 2018, nrg has realized $333 million of non-recurring working capital improvements and $194 million of one-time costs to achieve. the company expects to incur approximately $95 million of one-time costs to achieve in 2019.
portfolio optimization targeted and completed $3.0 billion of asset sale cash proceeds received through february 28, 2019, as described below:
•   in 2017, nrg executed asset sales of 322 mw for aggregate cash of $150 million, which includes sales to nrg yield, inc. and the sale of minnesota wind projects to third parties
•   on march 30, 2018, the company completed the sale of 100% of its ownership interest in buckthorn solar to nrg yield, inc. for cash consideration of approximately $42 million
•   on august 1, 2018, the company completed the sale of 100% of its ownership interests in betm to diamond energy trading and marketing, llc for $70 million, excluding working capital adjustments. the sale also resulted in the release and return of approximately $119 million of letters of credit, $32 million of parent guarantees, and $4 million of net cash collateral to nrg
•   on august 31, 2018, the company completed the sale of its interest in nrg yield, inc. and its renewables platform to gip, for approximately $1.348 billion in cash proceeds
•   on november 1, 2018, the company offered to clearway energy, inc. its ownership interest in agua caliente borrower 1, llc, for approximately $120 million, which owns a 35% interest in agua caliente, a 290 mw utility scale solar project. the offer expired on january 31, 2019 with no action taken by clearway energy, inc. as a result of this expiration, the company has removed this asset from the target asset sale cash proceeds under the transformation plan.
•   during the twelve months ended december 31, 2018, the company completed the sale of various other assets for approximately $28 million
•   on february 4, 2019, nrg sold the south central portfolio, a 3,555 mw portfolio of generation assets, for cash consideration of $1 billion, excluding working capital and other adjustments
•   on february 20, 2019, nrg completed the sale of guam for cash consideration of approximately $8 million
•   on february 27, 2019, nrg sold the carlsbad project, a 528 mw natural gas-fired power plant, for cash consideration of $387 million, excluding working capital and other adjustments capital structure and allocation as of december 31, 2018, the company achieved the previously announced target of reducing consolidated corporate debt to 3.0x net debt / adjusted ebitda(a) credit ratio on a pro forma basis that includes the south central portfolio sale proceeds. to achieve this ratio, the company completed the following:
•   reduction of $9.2 billion in non-recourse debt related to the sale of nrg yield, inc. and the renewable platform, which includes the debt for carlsbad energy center, as well as the impact of deconsolidation of agua caliente and ivanpah
•   the company has completed its targeted $640 million of debt reduction through the redemption of $485 million of its outstanding 6.250% senior notes due 2022 and the term loan prepayment of $155 million. the annualized interest savings related to these activities to date totals $37 million in 2018, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.5 billion of its common stock. as of february 28, 2019, the company completed $1.5 billion of repurchases at an average price of $36.24 per share. in addition, the company's board of directors authorized in february 2019 an additional $1 billion share repurchase program to be executed in 2019.
(a)    adjusted ebitda as defined per the senior credit facility
51
other significant events the following additional significant events occurred during 2018:
xoom energy acquisition
•   on june 1, 2018, the company completed the acquisition of xoom energy, llc, an electricity and natural gas retailer operating in 19 states, washington, d.c. and canada for approximately $213 million in cash. see note 3, acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions for further discussion on purchase price allocation. the acquisition increased nrg's retail portfolio by approximately 300,000 customers.
agua caliente and ivanpah deconsolidation
•   during the third quarter of 2018, the company, recognized a gain of $8 million on the deconsolidation and subsequent recognition of its 35% interest in agua caliente as an equity method investment, as discussed in more detail in note 3 acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions during the second quarter of 2018, the company, recognized a loss of $22 million on the deconsolidation and subsequent recognition of its 54.6% interest in ivanpah as an equity method investment, as discussed in more detail in note 15, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities.
financing activities
•   on march 21, 2018, the company repriced the 2023 term loan facility, reducing the interest rate margin by 50 basis points to libor plus 1.75% and reducing the libor floor to 0.00%. as a result of the repricing, the company expects approximately $47 million in interest savings over the remaining life of the loan.
•   on may 24, 2018, the company issued $575 million in aggregate principal amount at par of 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2048, as discussed in more detail in note 11, debt and capital leases.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company completed senior note repurchases of $1,061million in aggregate principal of its senior notes for $1,106 million, including accrued interest, as discussed in more detail in note 11, debt and capital leases.
•   the annualized interest savings related to these activities to date totals $20 million
52
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                                                         2018                    2017               change operating revenues energy revenue (a)                                                                                   $1,548                  $1,636                  $(88    )
capacity revenue (a)                                                                                    670                     612                    58
retail revenue                                                                                        7,105                   6,378                   727
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                         (130     )               252                  (382    )
contract amortization                                                                                     -                      (1     )               1
other revenues (b)                                                                                      285                     197                    88
total operating revenues                                                                              9,478                   9,074                   404
operating costs and expenses cost of sales (b)                                                                                     5,878                   5,432                  (446    )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                         (144     )                46                   190
contract and emissions credit amortization (c)                                                           27                      34                     7
operations and maintenance                                                                            1,083                   1,097                    14
other cost of operations                                                                                264                     277                    13
total cost of operations                                                                              7,108                   6,886                  (222    )
depreciation and amortization                                                                           421                     596                   175
impairment losses                                                                                        99                   1,534                 1,435
selling, general and administrative                                                                     799                     836                    37
reorganization costs                                                                                     90                      44                   (46    )
development costs                                                                                        11                      22                    11
total operating costs and expenses                                                                    8,528                   9,918                 1,390
other income - affiliate                                                                                  -                      87                   (87    )
gain on sale of assets                                                                                   32                      16                    16
operating income/(loss)                                                                                 982                    (741     )           1,723
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                           9                     (14     )              23
impairment losses on investments                                                                        (15     )               (79     )              64
other income, net                                                                                        18                      51                   (33    )
net loss on debt extinguishment                                                                         (44     )               (49     )               5
interest expense                                                                                       (483     )              (557     )              74
total other expenses                                                                                   (515     )              (648     )             133
income/(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                                            467                  (1,389     )           1,856
income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                              7                     (44     )              51
income/(loss) from continuing operations                                                                460                  (1,345     )           1,805
loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax                                                   (192     )              (992     )             800
net income/(loss)                                                                                       268                  (2,337     )           2,605
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests           -                    (184     )             184
net income/(loss) attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                     $268                 $(2,153     )          $2,421
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                       $3.09                   $3.11                    (1   )%
(a)   includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)   includes unrealized trading gains and losses
(c)   includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits
53
economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels and other cost of sales.
economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, or other operating costs.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin which reflects the company's current view of reporting segments for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017:
year ended december 31, 2018
generation
(in millions except otherwise noted)                        retail                                   texas                east/west/other(a)(b)                    subtotal               corporate/eliminations                       total energy revenue                                              $-                               $1,585                            $1,092                         $2,677                           $(1,129         )               $1,548
capacity revenue                                            -                    1                                                669                            670                                 -                            670
retail revenue                                              7,110                                 -                                 -                              -                                (5         )                7,105
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities              (7            )                    (174      )                        (28         )                 (202      )                         79                           (130      )
other revenue                                               -                    84                                               203                            287                                (2         )                  285
operating revenue                                           7,103                             1,496                             1,936                          3,432                            (1,057         )                9,478
cost of fuel                                                (23           )                    (734      )                       (557         )               (1,291      )                         (4         )               (1,318      )
other costs of sales(c)                                     (5,285        )                    (133      )                       (275         )                 (408      )                      1,133                         (4,560      )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities              260                  2                                                (39         )                  (37      )                        (79         )                  144
contract and emission credit amortization                   -                                   (26      )                         (1         )                  (27      )                          -                            (27      )
gross margin                                                $2,055                             $605                            $1,064                         $1,669                               $(7         )               $3,717
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net   253                                (172      )                        (67         )                 (239      )                          -                             14
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net        -                                   (26      )                         (1         )                  (27      )                          -                            (27      )
economic gross margin                                       $1,802                             $803                            $1,132                         $1,935                               $(7         )               $3,730
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                         42,701                           $24,988
mwh generated (thousands)                                                                    38,214                           $21,089
(a) includes international, renewables, and generation eliminations
(b) includes agua, betm and ivanpah which were sold or deconsolidated as of august, july and april 2018, respectively
(c) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits
54
year ended december 31, 2017
generation
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                retail                 texas              east/west/other(a)              subtotal             corporate/eliminations                 total energy revenue                                                     $-                $1,427                      $1,298                    $2,725                       $(1,089         )           $1,636
capacity revenue                                                    -                    22                         596                       618                            (6         )              612
retail revenue                                                  6,374                     -                           -                         -                             4                      6,378
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                     (4    )               94                         (57        )               37                           219                        252
contract amortization                                              (1    )                -                           -                         -                             -                         (1    )
other revenue                                                       -                    35                         200                       235                           (38         )              197
operating revenue                                               6,369                 1,578                       2,037                     3,615                          (910         )            9,074
cost of fuel                                                      (13    )             (732    )                   (542        )           (1,274    )                        1                     (1,286    )
other costs of sales(b)                                        (4,759    )             (137    )                   (370        )             (507    )                    1,120                     (4,146    )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    181                   (21    )                     13                        (8    )                     (219         )              (46    )
contract and emission credit amortization                           -                   (30    )                     (4        )              (34    )                        -                        (34    )
gross margin                                                   $1,778                  $658                      $1,134                    $1,792                           $(8         )           $3,562
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         177                    73                         (44        )               29                             -                        206
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net               (1    )              (30    )                     (4        )              (34    )                        -                        (35    )
economic gross margin                                          $1,602                  $615                      $1,182                    $1,797                           $(8         )           $3,391
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                 42,662                      27,923
mwh generated (thousands)                                                            38,694                      21,338
(a) includes international, renewables, and generation eliminations
(b) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits the table below represents the weather metrics for 2018 and 2017:
years ended december 31,                     quarters ended december 31,                     quarters ended september 30,                       quarters ended june 30,                 quarters ended march 31, weather metrics          texas            east/west/other                texas            east/west/other                 texas            east/west/other                texas           east/west/other               texas            east/west/other
2018
cdds(a)           3,130                   1,213                     228                      74                    1,657                     856                    1,101                   265                    144                      18
hdds(a)           1,874                   3,393                     815                   1,214                        1                      26                       90                   425                    968                   1,728
2017
cdds              3,068                   1,155                     311                      84                    1,568                     770                      966                   281                    223                      20
hdds              1,270                   3,198                     665                   1,157                        1                      33                       32                   380                    572                   1,628
10 year average cdds              3,023                   1,059                     264                      69                    1,654                     714                    1,004                   259                    101                      17
hdds              1,728                   3,459                     695                   1,214                        3                      40                       56                   429                    974                   1,776
(a)   national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period.
55
retail gross margin and economic gross margin the following is a discussion of gross margin and economic gross margin for retail.
years ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                   2018                    2017
retail revenue                                                 $6,775                  $6,104
supply management revenue                                         174                     187
capacity revenues                                                 161                      83
customer mark-to-market                                            (7     )                (4     )
contract amortization                                               -                      (1     )
operating revenue (a)                                           7,103                   6,369
cost of sales (b)                                              (5,308     )            (4,772     )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    260                     181
gross margin                                                   $2,055                  $1,778
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         253                     177
less: contract and emission credit amortization                     -                      (1     )
economic gross margin                                          $1,802                  $1,602
business metrics mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - texas                    37,846                  36,169
mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - all other regions         7,968                   6,221
c&amp;i electricity sales volume (gwh) all regions (b)         21,176                  20,400
natural gas sales volumes (mdth)                               11,253                   3,212
average retail mass customer count (in thousands)               3,063                   2,862
ending retail mass customer count (in thousands)                3,320                   2,876
(a)   includes intercompany sales of $5 million and $5 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively, representing sales from retail to the texas region
(b)   includes intercompany purchases of $1,163 million and $1,090 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively retail gross margin increased $277 million and retail economic gross margin increased $200 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, due to:
(in millions)
higher gross margin driven by margin enhancement initiatives enhancing customer product, retention, term and mix of $3.30 per mwh, or $208 million partially offset by higher supply costs due to increased power prices in ercot of $2.40 mwh, or $150 million.                                                          $58
higher gross margin due to higher volumes from net higher average customer counts primarily driven by xoom acquisition in june 2018                                                                                                                                                                                        60
higher gross margin from the favorable impact of weather due to $44 million from an increase in load in 2018 of 1,893,000 mwh partially offset by an unfavorable impact of $14 million from selling back additional excess supply in 2018 as well as $16 million due to the impacts of hurricane harvey in 2017            46
higher gross margin due to an increase in capacity revenues from the business solutions unit mainly due to approximately 1,600 additional mws sold and margin enhancements from the sale of additional capacity of $11 million                                                                                             36
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $200
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                                                                  76
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       1
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $277
56
generation gross margin and economic gross margin generation gross margin decreased $123 million and generation economic gross margin increased $138 million, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017.
the tables below describe the change in generation gross margin and generation economic gross margin:
texas region
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to a 11% increase in average realized prices                                                                                                       $153
higher gross margin from sales of nox emission credits                                                                                                                       36
higher gross margin from commercial optimization activities                                                                                                                   5
higher gross margin due to margin enhancement initiatives from reduced fuel supply costs                                                                                      3
lower gross margin driven by planned outages for both units at stp in 2018 as compared to a single unit planned outage in 2017                                               (9      )
lower gross margin due to an increase in tolling purchases in 2018 as a result of increased demand and the cancellation of the greens bayou rmr agreement in 2017            (9      )
other                                                                                                                                                                         9
increase in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                          $188
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                  (245      )
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                         4
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                   $(53      )
east/west region
(in millions)
lower gross margin primarily due to ivanpah and agua caliente being deconsolidated in april 2018 and august 2018, respectively                           $(123      )
lower gross margin driven by a 26% decrease in realized capacity pricing in new york and expiration of the long beach capacity toll in july 2017           (51      )
lower gross margin mainly due to an 11% decrease in average realized prices, primarily at midwest generation                                               (42      )
lower gross margin due to decreased load contract volumes coupled with lower prices                                                                        (29      )
lower gross margin at sunrise in 2018 due to planned major maintenance activities that extended into a forced outage.                                      (17      )
higher gross margin due to a 32% increase in pjm capacity prices and a 51% increase in neiso capacity prices                                               132
higher gross margin from commercial optimization activities                                                                                                 35
higher gross margin due to 2017 lower cost of market adjustment for fuel inventory                                                                          31
higher gross margin as a result of trading activity at betm                                                                                                  8
higher gross margin due to margin enhancement initiatives from reduced fuel supply costs                                                                     4
other                                                                                                                                                        2
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                         $(50      )
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                  (23      )
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                        3
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                  $(70      )
57
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $192 million during the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2018
generation retail             texas             east/west/other             elimination (a)             total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(2       )        $32               $(3             )           $(104           )           $(77      )
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                    (5        )        (206      )       (25             )       183                             (53       )
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating revenues                                                     $(7       )        $(174     )       $(28            )           $79                         $(130     )
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(81      )        $(6       )       $(13            )           $104                        $4
reversal of acquired gain positions related to economic hedges.                                               (10       )        -                 -                           -                           (10       )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    351            8                     (26             )           (183            )       150
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                           260                $2                $(39            )           $(79            )           $144
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017
generation retail             texas             east/west/other             elimination (a)             total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(2       )        $140              $(72            )           $64                         $130
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                    (2        )        (46       )   15                          155                         122
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating revenues                                                     $(4       )        $94               $(57            )           $219                        $252
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on settled positions related to economic hedges            $(1       )        $(17      )       $(1             )           $(64            )           $(83      )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    182                (4        )   14                              (155            )       37
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                           $181               $(21      )       $13                         $(219           )           $(46      )
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contacts that are yet to be settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
58
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2018 the $130 million loss in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period, as well as a decrease in value of open positions as a result of losses on ercot heat rate positions due to heat rate expansion. the $144 million gain in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in ercot heat rate, partially offset by the reversal of acquired gain positions.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                       2018   2017
trading gains/(losses)
realized                       $77                     $43
unrealized                      17                     (11     )
total trading gains            $94                     $32
59
operations and maintenance expense generation                                      corporate       eliminations retail   texas             east/west/other                              total year ended december 31, 2018      $209        $437              $440                           $3             $(6           )         $1,083
year ended december 31, 2017      $224        $387              $458                          $31             $(3           )         $1,097
operations and maintenance expenses decreased by $14 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease in operations and maintenance due to cost efficiencies as a result of the transformation plan                                                                                                           $(70      )
decrease in operations and maintenance due to the deconsolidation of ivanpah and agua caliente in april 2018 and august 2018, respectively                                                                        (31      )
increase in major maintenance due to planned outages of $19 million in texas and planned outages for both units at stp in 2018 as compared to a planned outage for a single unit in 2017 of $22 million            41
2018 payments in settlement of certain legal matters                                                                                                                                                               13
increase in technology and personnel costs for customer operations and retention related to margin enhancement                                                                                                     11
increase in deactivation cost primarily at dunkirk                                                                                                                                                                  8
increase in costs due to the xoom acquisition                                                                                                                                                                       7
other                                                                                                                                                                                                               7
$(14      )
(a) approximately $162 million of additional cost savings were achieved in the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, as the savings became permanent through the transformation plan other cost of operations generation retail   texas           east/west/other             total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2018      $109        $76             $79                         $264
year ended december 31, 2017       $99        $81             $97                         $277
other cost of operations, decreased by $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017.
(in millions)
decrease due to lower in accretion expense in 2018 at huntley as a result of a cost estimate increase in 2017   $(8           )
decrease in property taxes as a result of the transformation plan                                               (4            )
other                                                                                                           (1            )
$(13          )
60
depreciation and amortization generation            corporate retail                        total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2018   $116              $272                  $33                     $421
year ended december 31, 2017   $110              $454                  $32                     $596
depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $175 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, primarily due to impairments of $1,534 million in 2017 and the deconsolidation of ivanpah and agua caliente in 2018.
impairment losses for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company recorded impairment losses of $99 million related to various facilities as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2017, the company recorded impairment losses of $1,534 million related to various facilities, as well as goodwill for its texas reporting units, as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments and note 10, goodwill and other intangibles, to the consolidated financial statements.
selling, general and administrative expenses retail            generation           corporate            total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2018   $538              $212                 $49                  $799
year ended december 31, 2017   $452              $215                 $169                 $836
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $37 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to the same period in 2017.
(in millions)
decrease in general and administrative expense from cost initiatives for the transformation plan(a)                  $(164      )
prior year fees associated with advisors engaged to assist the company in its strategic review in 2017                 (22      )
increase in selling and marketing expenses associated with costs incurred for margin enhancement initiatives            51
increase in commission expense associated with selling initiatives                                                      32
increase in costs due to the xoom acquisition                                                                           32
increase in bad debt expense primarily from increased usage due to weather                                              18
increase due to additional litigation in 2018                                                                           10
other                                                                                                                    6
$(37      )
(a) approximately $98 million of additional cost savings were achieved in the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, as the savings became permanent through the transformation plan
61
reorganization costs reorganization costs, primarily related to severance and contract modifications, increased by $46 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared to the same period in 2017 as the company continued with the transformation plan announced in 2017.
other income - affiliate other income - affiliate represents the services fees charged to genon for shared services under the services agreement through june 14, 2017, the date of deconsolidation of $87 million.
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2018, consists primarily of the gain on the sale of betm and canal 3, while the gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017, represents a gain on the sale of land.
impairment losses on investments for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of $15 million, compared to $79 million in other-than-temporary impairment losses recorded in the same period in 2017, as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $44 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2018, primarily driven by the redemption of senior notes, due 2022 at a price above par value.
a loss on debt extinguishment of $49 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2017, driven by the repurchase of senior notes at a price above par value and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the replacement of the 2018 term loan facility with the new 2023 term loan facility.
62
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2018, nrg recorded income tax expense of $7 million on pre-tax income of $467 million. for the same period in 2017, nrg recorded income tax benefit of $44 million on a pre-tax loss of $1,389 million. the effective tax rate was 1.5% and 3.2% for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to a tax benefit for the change in valuation allowance, the generation of ptcs from various wind facilities, and establishment of the previously sequestered atm credit receivable, partially offset by current state tax expense.
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                            2017
(in millionsexcept as otherwise stated)
income/(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes            $467                         $(1,389       )
tax at federal statutory tax rate                                         98                            (486       )
state taxes                                                               18                              19
foreign operations                                                         -                               2
tax act - corporate income tax rate change                                 -                             665
valuation allowance due to corporate income tax rate change                -                            (660       )
valuation allowance - current period activities                         (106       )                     455
impact of non-taxable entity earnings                                      -                              (5       )
book goodwill impairment                                                   -                              30
permanent differences                                                      7                               -
production tax credits                                                    (7       )                      (8       )
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                                      1                              (5       )
alternative minimum tax ("amt") refundable credit                         (4       )                     (64       )
other                                                                      -                              13
income tax expense/(benefit)                                              $7                            $(44       )
effective income tax rate                                                1.5       %                     3.2       %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, or asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
income/(loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                               2018                2017        change south central                                           $66                  87             $(21      )
yield renewables platform &amp; carlsbad               (292    )           (290    )        (2        )
genon                                                    34                (789    )   823
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax         $(192    )          $(992    )        $800
for the year ended december 31, 2018, nrg recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax of $192 million, a decrease of $800 million in losses from discontinued operations, net of income tax for the same period in 2017, as further described in item 15 - note 3  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions .
63
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was $0 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $184 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017, the net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflect losses allocated to tax equity investors using the hypothetical liquidation at book value, or hlbv, method, offset in whole and in part by nrg yield, inc.'s share of income for the periods, respectively. as a result of the disposition of nrg yield inc. and its renewables platform, the company did not have material actuals in 2018 nor does it anticipate material nci in the future.
64
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                                                         2017                    2016               change operating revenues energy revenue (a)                                                                                   $1,636                  $2,269                 $(633    )
capacity revenue (a)                                                                                    612                     637                   (25    )
retail revenue                                                                                        6,378                   6,368                    10
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                          252                    (636     )             888
contract amortization                                                                                    (1     )                (1     )               -
other revenues (b)                                                                                      197                     278                   (81    )
total operating revenues                                                                              9,074                   8,915                   159
operating costs and expenses cost of sales (a)                                                                                     5,432                   5,562                   130
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                           46                    (508     )            (554    )
contract and emissions credit amortization (c)                                                           34                      40                     6
operations and maintenance                                                                            1,097                   1,325                   228
other cost of operations                                                                                277                     257                   (20    )
total cost of operations                                                                              6,886                   6,676                  (210    )
depreciation and amortization                                                                           596                     756                   160
impairment losses                                                                                     1,534                     483                (1,051    )
selling, general and administrative                                                                     836                   1,032                   196
reorganization costs                                                                                     44                       -                   (44    )
development costs                                                                                        22                      48                    26
total operating costs and expenses                                                                    9,918                   8,995                  (923    )
other income - affiliate                                                                                 87                     193                  (106    )
gain/(loss) on sale of assets                                                                            16                     (80     )              96
operating (loss)/income                                                                                (741     )                33                  (774    )
other income/(expense)
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates                                                           (14     )               (18     )               4
impairment losses on investments                                                                        (79     )              (268     )             189
other income, net                                                                                        51                      47                     4
loss on debt extinguishment                                                                             (49     )              (142     )              93
interest expense                                                                                       (557     )              (583     )              26
total other expense                                                                                    (648     )              (964     )             316
loss from continuing operations before income taxes                                                  (1,389     )              (931     )            (458    )
income tax (benefit)/expense                                                                            (44     )                25                    69
net loss from continuing operations                                                                  (1,345     )              (956     )            (389    )
(loss)/income from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                 (992     )                65                (1,057    )
net loss                                                                                             (2,337     )              (891     )          (1,446    )
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests        (184     )              (117     )             (67    )
net loss attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                           $(2,153     )             $(774     )         $(1,379    )
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                       $3.11                   $2.46                    26    %
(a)   includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions
(b)   includes unrealized trading gains and losses
(c)   includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi
65
gross margin the company calculates gross margin in order to evaluate operating performance as operating revenues less cost of sales, which includes cost of fuel, other costs of sales, contract and emission credit amortization and mark-to-market for economic hedging activities.
economic gross margin in addition to gross margin, the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. economic gross margin should be viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for the company's presentation of gross margin, which is the most directly comparable gaap measure. economic gross margin is not intended to represent gross margin. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue and other revenue, less cost of fuels and other cost of sales.
economic gross margin does not include mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization, emission credit amortization, or other operating costs.
the tables below present the composition and reconciliation of gross margin and economic gross margin which reflects the company's current view of reporting segments for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
year ended december 31, 2017
generation
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                retail                 texas              east/west/other(a)              subtotal             corporate/eliminations                 total energy revenue                                                     $-                $1,427                      $1,298                    $2,725                       $(1,089         )           $1,636
capacity revenue                                                    -                    22                         596                       618                            (6         )              612
retail revenue                                                  6,374                     -                           -                         -                             4                      6,378
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                     (4    )               94                         (57        )               37                           219                        252
contract amortization                                              (1    )                -                           -                         -                             -                         (1    )
other revenue                                                       -                    35                         200                       235                           (38         )              197
operating revenue                                               6,369                 1,578                       2,037                     3,615                          (910         )            9,074
cost of fuel                                                      (13    )             (732    )                   (542        )           (1,274    )                        1                     (1,286    )
other costs of sales(b)                                        (4,759    )             (137    )                   (370        )             (507    )                    1,120                     (4,146    )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    181                   (21    )                     13                        (8    )                     (219         )              (46    )
contract and emission credit amortization                           -                   (30    )                     (4        )              (34    )                        -                        (34    )
gross margin                                                   $1,778                  $658                      $1,134                    $1,792                           $(8         )           $3,562
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         177                    73                         (44        )               29                             -                        206
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net               (1    )              (30    )                     (4        )              (34    )                        -                        (35    )
economic gross margin                                          $1,602                  $615                      $1,182                    $1,797                           $(8         )           $3,391
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                 42,662                      27,923
mwh generated (thousands)                                                            38,694                      21,338
(a) includes international, renewables, and generation eliminations
(b) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits
66
year ended december 31, 2016
generation
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                retail                 texas              east/west/other(a)              subtotal             corporate/eliminations                 total energy revenue                                                     $-                $1,705                      $1,538                    $3,243                         $(974         )           $2,269
capacity revenue                                                    -                    18                         624                       642                            (5         )              637
retail revenue                                                  6,332                     -                           -                         -                            36                      6,368
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                     (1    )             (543    )                    (22        )             (565    )                      (70         )             (636    )
contract amortization                                              (1    )                -                           -                         -                             -                         (1    )
other revenue                                                       -                    48                         265                       313                           (35         )              278
operating revenue                                               6,330                 1,228                       2,405                     3,633                        (1,048         )            8,915
cost of fuel                                                       (8    )             (704    )                   (566        )           (1,270    )                        -                     (1,278    )
other costs of sales(b)                                        (4,675    )             (147    )                   (463        )             (610    )                    1,001                     (4,284    )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    365                    67                           6                        73                            70                        508
contract and emission credit amortization                          (6    )              (29    )                     (5        )              (34    )                        -                        (40    )
gross margin                                                   $2,006                  $415                      $1,377                    $1,792                           $23                     $3,821
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         364                  (476    )                    (16        )             (492    )                        -                       (128    )
less: contract and emission credit amortization, net               (7    )              (29    )                     (5        )              (34    )                        -                        (41    )
economic gross margin                                          $1,649                  $920                      $1,398                    $2,318                           $23                     $3,990
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)                                                                 42,108                      32,625
mwh generated (thousands)                                                            37,676                      23,748
(a) includes international, renewables, and generation eliminations
(b) includes purchased energy, capacity and emissions credits the table below represents the weather metrics for 2017 and 2016:
years ended december 31,              quarter ended december 31,                quarter ended september 30,                 quarter ended june 30,                  quarter ended march 31, weather metrics          texas             east/west                  texas               east/west              texas               east/west             texas            east/west              texas             east/west
2017
cdds(a)           3,068                 1,155                   311                      84              1,568                     770                966                  281                223                    20
hdds(a)           1,270                 3,198                   665                   1,157                  1                      33                 32                  380                572                 1,628
2016
cdds              3,030                 1,169                   382                      71              1,675                     806                892                  273                 82                    19
hdds              1,422                 3,190                   498                   1,145                  -                      23                 47                  410                878                 1,612
10 year average cdds              2,897                 1,043                   266                      67              1,650                     705                989                  254                 88                    17
hdds              1,928                 3,504                   691                   1,227                  5                      40                 64                  438              1,025                 1,799
(a) national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period
67
retail gross margin and economic gross margin the following is a discussion of gross margin and economic gross margin for retail.
years ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                   2017                    2016
retail revenue                                                 $6,104                  $6,096
supply management revenue                                         187                     154
capacity revenues                                                  83                      82
customer mark-to-market                                            (4     )                (1     )
contract amortization                                              (1     )                (1     )
operating revenue (a)                                           6,369                   6,330
cost of sales (b)                                              (4,772     )            (4,683     )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                    181                     365
contract amortization                                               -                      (6     )
gross margin                                                   $1,778                  $2,006
less: mark-to-market for economic hedging activities, net         177                     364
less: contract and emission credit amortization                    (1     )                (7     )
economic gross margin                                          $1,602                  $1,649
business metrics mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - texas                    36,169                  35,102
mass electricity sales volume (gwh) - all other regions         6,221                   6,764
c&amp;i electricity sales volume (gwh) all regions             20,400                  18,906
natural gas sales volumes (mdth)                                3,212                   2,166
average retail mass customer count (in thousands)               2,862                   2,778
ending retail mass customer count (in thousands)                2,876                   2,818
(a)   includes intercompany sales of $5 million and $4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, representing sales from retail to the texas region
(b)   includes intercompany purchases of $1,090 million and $993 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively retail gross margin decreased $227 million and retail economic gross margin decreased $47 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, due to:
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to lower rates to customers driven by customer product, term and mix of $103 million or approximately $1.60 per mwh, partially offset by lower supply cost of $28 million or approximately $0.50 per mwh driven by a decrease in supply costs          $(75      )
lower gross margin related to the impact of hurricane harvey in 2017, driven by a reduction in load of 200,000 mwh resulting in an impact of $9 million and the unfavorable impact of selling back excess supply along with $7 million of customer relief                      (16      )
lower gross margin due to milder weather conditions in 2017 as compared to 2016 resulting in a reduction in load of 350,000 mwh                                                                                                                                                (11      )
higher gross margin driven by higher average customer counts of 85,000 along with higher average usage due to customer mix                                                                                                                                                      55
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $(47      )
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                                                                                     (186      )
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                            6
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $(227      )
68
generation gross margin and economic gross margin generation gross margin was flat and generation economic gross margin decreased $521 million, both of which include intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016.
the tables below describe the change in generation gross margin and generation economic gross margin:
texas region
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to a 14% decrease in average realized prices due to lower hedged power prices                                              $(352      )
lower gross margin due to lower gas generation driven by the current mothball status of gregory in texas                                            (17      )
higher gross margin due to a 17% increase in coal generation driven by the timing of planned and unplanned outages                                   55
higher gross margin due to a decrease in tolling prices in 2017 offset by the cancellation of the greens bayou rmr agreement in 2017                  5
other                                                                                                                                                 4
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                 $(305      )
increase in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges           549
decrease in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                (1      )
increase in gross margin                                                                                                                           $243
east/west region
(in millions)
lower gross margin from commercial optimization activities                                                                                                                                                         $(63      )
lower gross margin due to a decrease in generation driven by lower economic generation due to milder weather conditions and the will county outage partially offset by increased generation at cottonwood           (43      )
lower gross margin due to a lower cost of market adjustment for fuel oil inventory                                                                                                                                  (33      )
lower gross margin due to lower load contracted prices coupled with slightly lower volumes                                                                                                                          (28      )
lower gross margin by betm due to higher gains in 2016 on over the counter strategies, offset in small part by higher gains in 2017 congestion strategies                                                           (20      )
lower gross margin due to lower capacity bi-lateral margins in 2017                                                                                                                                                 (11      )
lower gross margins due to the sale of certain renewable assets in 2017                                                                                                                                             (10      )
lower gross margin at agua driven by lower sales volumes resulting from weather and outages in 2017                                                                                                                  (5      )
lower gross margins due to higher business interruption proceeds from cottonwood in 2016 offset by ivanpah proceeds in 2017                                                                                          (4      )
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                 1
decrease in economic gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                 $(216      )
decrease in mark-to-market for economic hedging primarily due to net unrealized gains/losses on open positions related to economic hedges                                                                           (28      )
increase in contract and emission credit amortization                                                                                                                                                                 1
decrease in gross margin                                                                                                                                                                                          $(243      )
69
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results increased by $334 million in the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region are as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017
generation retail             texas             east/west/other             elimination (a)             total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(2       )        $140              $(72            )           $64                         $130
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                    (2        )        (46       )   15                          155                         122
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating revenues                                                     $(4       )        $94               $(57            )           $219                        $252
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on settled positions related to economic hedges            $(1       )        $(17      )       $(1             )           $(64            )           $(83      )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    182                (4        )   14                              (155            )       37
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                           $181               $(21      )       $13                         $(219           )           $(46      )
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
year ended december 31, 2016
generation retail             texas             east/west/other             elimination (a)             total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(3       )        $(390     )       $(87            )           $33                         $(447     )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    2                  (153      )   65                              (103            )           (189      )
total mark-to-market losses in operating revenues                                                             $(1       )        $(543     )       $(22            )           $(70            )           $(636     )
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges   $305               $27               $20                         $(33            )           $319
reversal of acquired gain positions related to economic hedges.                                               -                  -                 (12             )           -                           (12       )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    60             40                    (2              )       103                         201
total mark-to-market gains in operating costs and expenses                                                    $365               $67               $6                          $70                         $508
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between retail and generation mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses on contracts that are not yet settled. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same revenue or cost caption as the items being hedged.
70
the reversals of acquired gain or loss positions were valued based upon the forward prices on the acquisition date.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, the $252 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period, as well as an increase in value of open positions as a result of decreases in gas prices. the $46 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period, partially offset by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of increases in ercot heat rate.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenues. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy.
year ended december 31,
2017                                       2016
(in millions)
trading gains/(losses)
realized                       $43                     $71
unrealized                     (11     )   28
total trading gains            $32                     $99
operations and maintenance expense generation                                   corporate             eliminations retail   texas             east/west/other                        total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2017      $224        $387              $458                       $31                   $(3           )            $1,097
year ended december 31, 2016      $247        $434              $605                       $43                   $(4           )            $1,325
operations and maintenance expenses decreased by $228 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, due to the following:
(in millions)
decrease in operation and maintenance expenses due to major maintenance activities and environmental control work in the east offset by higher variable operating costs         $(100      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expenses due to timing of planned outages in texas                                                                                         (32      )
decrease in retail operations and maintenance expenses due to reduced headcount                                                                                                   (22      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expenses due to the gain on sale of jewett mine dragline in 2017                                                                           (18      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expense due to reductions at residential solar                                                                                             (16      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expenses due to gain on sale of fixed assets in the east                                                                                   (15      )
decrease in operation and maintenance expenses due to a reduction in headcount related to the sale of the engine services business                                                (10      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expenses due to the sale of wind assets in 2016 and early 2017                                                                             (10      )
other                                                                                                                                                                              (5      )
$(228      )
other cost of operations generation                                 corporate retail   texas           east/west/other                  total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2017       $99        $81             $97                        $-                       $277
year ended december 31, 2016       $93        $75             $88                        $1                       $257
other cost of operations, comprised of asset retirement expense, insurance expense and property tax expense, increased by $20 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016.
71
depreciation and amortization generation            corporate retail                        total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2017   $110              $454                  $32                     $596
year ended december 31, 2016   $114              $593                  $49                     $756
depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to due to the jewett mine being fully depreciated in december 2016 as well as impairments in 2016.
impairment losses in 2017, the company recorded impairment losses of $1,534 million related to various facilities, as well as goodwill for its texas reporting unit, as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments and note 10, goodwill and other intangibles, to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2016, the company recorded impairment losses of $483 million related to various facilities, as well as goodwill for its texas and home solar reporting units, as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments to the consolidated financial statements.
selling, general and administrative expenses retail            generation           corporate            total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2017   $452              $215                 $169                 $836
year ended december 31, 2016   $498              $279                 $255                 $1,032
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $196 million(a) for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to a reduction in personnel costs and selling and marketing activities as the company continues to focus on cost management.
(a) approximately $98 million of additional cost savings were achieved in the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, as the savings became permanent through the transformation plan development costs development costs decreased by $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, due to the strategic decision for a more focused development program primarily related to renewables and the sale of evgo in 2016.
gain/(loss) on sale of assets gain on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2017, represents a gain on the sale of land. the loss on sale of assets for the year ended december 31, 2016 is primarily due to the loss on sale of the company's majority interest in its evgo business to vision ridge partners, which resulted in a loss on sale as described in item 15 - note 3,  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment losses on investments for the year ended december 31, 2017, the company recorded impairment losses of $79 million, which is primarily due to impairments on the company's interests in petra nova parish holdings as well as as impairments on other investments as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company recorded impairment losses on certain of its cost and equity method investments of $270 million, as further described in item 15 - note 9, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
72
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $49 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by the repurchase of senior notes at a price above par value and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the replacement of the 2018 term loan facility with the new 2023 term loan facility.
a loss on debt extinguishment of $142 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by the repurchase of nrg senior notes at a price above par value and the write-off of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the replacement of the 2018 term loan facility with the new 2023 term loan facility.
interest expense nrg's interest expense decreased by $26 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to lower debt balances resulting in less interest.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017, nrg recorded an income tax benefit of $44 million on a pre-tax loss of $1,389 million. for the same period in 2016, nrg recorded an income tax expense of $25 million on pre-tax loss of $931 million. the effective tax rate was 3.2% and (2.7)% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the federal statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to tax expense recorded from the revaluation of the existing net deferred tax asset and state taxes, partially offset by the change in valuation allowance, establishing the amt credit receivable and the generation of ptcs from various wind facilities. the tax expense recorded for revaluation of the net deferred tax asset is required to reflect the reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% in accordance with the tax act.
year ended december 31,
2017                                                                                                           2016
(in millionsexcept as otherwise stated)
loss from continuing operations before income taxes                 $(1,389       )                   $(931       )
tax at federal statutory tax rate                                      (486       )                    (326       )
state taxes                                                              19                               -
foreign operations                                                        2                              10
tax act - corporate income tax rate change                              665                               -
valuation allowance due to corporate income tax rate change            (660       )                       -
valuation allowance - current period activities                         455                             382
impact of non-taxable entity earnings                                    (5       )                      22
book goodwill impairment                                                 30                               -
net interest accrued on uncertain tax positions                           -                               1
production tax credits                                                   (8       )                      (7       )
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                                    (5       )                       2
impact of changes is in effective state                                   -                             (59       )
amt refundable credit                                                   (64       )                       -
other                                                                    13                               -
income tax (benefit)/expense                                           $(44       )                     $25
effective income tax rate                                               3.2       %                    (2.7      )%
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
73
(loss)/income from discontinued operations, net of income tax year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                            2017                            2016        change south central                                                    $87                 $72             $15
yield renewables platform &amp; carlsbad                        (290    )            (99    )        (191        )
genon                                                           (789    )             92             (881        )
(loss)/income from discontinued operations, net of tax         $(992    )            $65             $(1,057     )
for the year ended december 31, 2017, nrg recorded a loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax of $992 million, an increase of $1.1 billion in losses from discontinued operations, net of income tax for the same period in 2016, as further described in item 15 - note 3  acquisitions, discontinued operations and dispositions.
(loss)/income from discontinued operations, net of income tax for the year ended december 31, 2017, nrg recorded loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax of $992 million, of which $359 million was related to operations of genon, carlsbad, nrg yield inc. and its renewables platform, and the south central portfolio and $633 million was related to the loss, fees and other expenses associated with the dispositions.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, nrg recorded income from discontinued operations, net of income tax of $65 million which was related to operations of genon, nrg yield inc. and its renewables platform, and the south central portfolio.
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was $184 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $117 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, the net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflect losses allocated to tax equity investors using the hypothetical liquidation at book value, or hlbv method.
74
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $2.0 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
2018                                                                                                      2017
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents:                                                     $563                  $770
restricted cash - operating                                                       6                    85
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                   11                   194
total                                                                           580                 1,049
total credit facility availability                                            1,397                 1,711
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties      $1,977                $2,760
(a)   includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations, and capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2018, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, decreased by $783 million. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed hereinafter under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2018 were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common stockholders, and to fund other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
credit ratings on december 6, 2018, moody's upgraded the nrg corporate family rating to ba2 and senior unsecured rating to ba3 with positive outlook. the rating agency also affirmed the company's senior secured rating at baa3.
on september 10, 2018, s&p upgraded its issuer credit rating to bb with a stable outlook. at the same time they raised the issue-level secured and unsecured ratings to bbb and bb respectively.
the following table summarizes the company's current credit ratings:
s&amp;p     moody's nrg energy, inc.   bb stable   ba2 positive
6.25% senior notes, due 2024   bb          ba3
7.25% senior notes, due 2026   bb          ba3
6.625% senior notes, due 2027   bb          ba3
5.75% senior notes, due 2028   bb          ba3
term loan facility, due 2023   bbb-        baa3
75
sources of liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from cash on hand, cash flows from operations, cash proceeds from future sales of assets and financing arrangements. as described in item 15 - note 11, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior credit facility, the senior notes, and project-related financings.
asset sale proceeds the table below represents the approximate purchase price received from sale transactions and related financings completed by the company during the year ended december 31, 2018.
sales                                                            cash proceeds (in millions)
nrg yield, inc and renewables platform                                    $1,348
buckthorn solar (a)                                                           42
upmc thermal project (a)                                                      84
betm                                                                          70
canal 3(b)                                                                   167
other sales                                                                   12
completed sales transactions as of december 31, 2018                      $1,723
(a) sale of assets to nrg yield, inc., prior to discontinued operations
(b) in addition to cash proceeds from sale, amount includes $151 million related to a financing arrangement prior to the sale the table below represents the cash proceeds received from sales transactions, excluding working capital or other adjustments, completed by the company by february 28, 2019.
expected sales                                  close date                    cash proceeds (in millions)
south central portfolio                         february 4, 2019                       $1,000
carlsbad                                        february 27, 2019   387
cash proceeds from sales transactions in 2019                                          $1,387
2048 convertible senior notes issuance on may 24, 2018, the company issued $575 million in aggregate principal amount at par of 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2048.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of the company's assets, excluding assets acquired in the eme (including midwest generation) acquisitions and nrg's assets that have project-level financing. nrg uses the first lien structure to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or gas used as a proxy for power. to the extent that the underlying hedge positions for a counterparty are out-of-the-money to nrg, the counterparty would have claim under the first lien program. the first lien program limits the volume that can be hedged, not the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. within the first lien structure, the company can hedge up to 80% of its coal and nuclear capacity and 10% of its other assets with these counterparties for the first 60 months and then declining thereafter. net exposure to a counterparty on all trades must be positively correlated to the price of the relevant commodity for the first lien to be available to that counterparty. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2018, all hedges under the first liens were out-of-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
76
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2018:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)         2019        2020        2021        2022
in mw                                                        596          831         712         743
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (b)    13   %       18   %      16   %      16   %
(a)   equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region
(b)   net coal and nuclear capacity represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the midwest generation acquisition and nrg's assets that have project-level financing uses of liquidity the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) commercial operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 11, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including repowering development, and environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with acquisition opportunities, debt repayments, return of capital and dividend payments to stockholders, as described in item 15 - note 14, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial operations the company's commercial operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (e.g. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions; and (v) collateral for project development. as of december 31, 2018, commercial operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $287 million and $793 million outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its commercial activities for both wholesale and retail transactions. as of december 31, 2018, total collateral held from counterparties was $33 million in cash and $108 million of letters of credit.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, power purchases and sales, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
2023 term loan facility in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement, on october 5, 2018, the company initiated an asset sale offer to purchase a portion of its term loan following the sale of nrg yield and the renewables platform. the offer expired on november 5, 2018, and $260 million of term loan holders accepted the offer. as a result, the company prepaid $155 million of term loans as part of its de-leveraging plan, as well as established an incremental first lien secured loan term facility under the senior credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $105 million on the same terms and conditions to stay within its debt reduction target.
in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement, upon the consummation of the sales of the south central portfolio and carlsbad, the company will initiate asset sale offers to purchase a portion of its term loan. the company has one year from the date of each sale to initiate the offer.
senior note repurchases in 2018
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company redeemed $1.1 billion in aggregate principal of its senior notes for $1.1 billion, which included accrued interest of $14 million. in connection with the redemptions, a $38 million loss on debt extinguishment was recorded in 2018, which included the write-off of previously deferred financing costs of $7 million.
77
principal repurchased            cash paid (a)           average early redemption percentage in millions, except percentages
5.750% senior notes due 2028                 $29                         $30                            99.24                   %
6.250% senior notes due 2022                  14                          15                           103.25                   %
total at june 30, 2018                 $43                         $45
6.250% senior notes due 2022                 493                         512                           103.13                   %
5.750% senior notes due 2028                  20                          20                            99.13                   %
6.625% senior notes due 2027                  20                          21                           103.06                   %
total at september 30, 2018                $576                        $598
6.250% senior notes due 2022                 485                         508                           103.13                   %
total at december 31, 2018              $1,061                      $1,106
(a) includes accrued interest of $14 million senior note redemptions in 2017
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company redeemed $1.5 billion in aggregate principal of its senior notes for $1.5 billion, which included accrued interest of $29 million. in connection with the redemptions, a $49 million loss on debt extinguishment was recorded, which included the write-off of previously deferred financing costs of $7 million.
principal repurchased            cash paid (a)           average early redemption percentage amount in millions, except percentages
7.625% senior notes due 2018                $398                        $411                           101.42                   %
7.875% senior notes due 2021                 206                         218                           102.63                   %
6.625% senior notes due 2023                 869                         915                           103.57                   %
total              $1,473                      $1,544
(a) includes accrued interest of $29 million
78
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and capital leases as of december 31, 2018 are due in the following periods:
description                          2019                 2020            2021            2022                2023            thereafter               total
(in millions)
recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2024               $-              $-                 $-           $-              $-                       $733                  $733
senior notes, due 2026               -               -                   -           -               -                       1,000                 1,000
senior notes, due 2027               -               -                   -           -               -                       1,230                 1,230
senior notes, due 2028               -               -                   -           -               -                         821                   821
convertible senior notes, due 2048   -               -                   -           -               -                         575                   575
term loan facility, due 2023         17                 18              17              17           1,629                       -                 1,698
tax-exempt bonds                     -               -                   -           -               -                         466                   466
subtotal recourse debt               17                 18              17              17           1,629                   4,825                 6,523
non-recourse debt:
agua caliente borrower 1, due 2038   3                   3               3               3                   2                  72                    86
midwest generation, due 2019         48              -                   -           -               -                           -                    48
other                                6                   5               6               5                   4                   8                    34
subtotal non-recourse debt           57                  8               9               8                   6                  80                   168
subtotal long-term debt              74                 26              26              25           1,635                   4,905                 6,691
capital leases:
capital leases                       -               -                   1           -               -                           -                     1
subtotal capital leases              -               -                   1           -               -                           -                     1
total debt and capital leases        $74             $26               $27           $25             $1,635                 $4,905                $6,692
in addition to the debt and capital leases shown in the above table, nrg had issued $1.0 billion of letters of credit under the company's $2.4 billion revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2018.
capital expenditures the following table and descriptions summarize the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental, and growth investments, for the year ended december 31, 2018, and the estimated capital expenditure and growth investments forecast for 2019.
maintenance      environmental                  growth investments             total
(in millions)
retail                                                                       $19            $-                                   $71                    $90
generation texas                                                                         77            -                                      -                     77
east/west/other (a)                                                           54                      1                          135                    190
corporate                                                                      9            -                                     22                     31
total cash capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2018         159                      1                          228                    388
funding from debt financing, net of fees                                       -            -                                   (118        )          (118   )
xoom acquisition and integration                                               -            -                                    208                    208
other investments(b)                                                           -            -                                    176                    176
total capital expenditures and investments, net of financings               $159            $1                                  $494                   $654
estimated capital expenditures for 2019                                     $155            $3                                   $65                   $223
(a) includes international, renewables and cottonwood
(b) other investments include restricted cash activity and acquisitions
•   growth investments capital expenditures - for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company's growth investment capital expenditures included $134 million for repowering canal 3, and $94 million for the company's other growth projects.
79
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2019 through 2023 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $35 million. these costs are primarily associated with the cost of adding nox controls in connecticut.
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. planned investments are either in construction or budgeted in the existing capital expenditures budget. changes to regulations could result in changes to planned installation dates. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental standards.
so2                                     nox                                       mercury                                 particulate units                 state   control equipment        install date   control equipment          install date   control equipment        install date   control equipment            install date indian river 4        de      cds                              2011   lnbofa/scr                    1999/2011   aci/cds/ff                  2008/2011   esp/ff                          1980/2011
joliet 6, 7, 8        il      gas conversion                   2016   ofa                                2016   gas conversion                   2016   gas conversion                       2016
limestone 1-2         tx      fgd                           1985-86   lnbofa                        2002/2022   aci                              2015   esp                             1985-1986
powerton 5            il      dsi                              2016   ofa/sncr                      2003/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                     1973/2016
powerton 6            il      dsi                              2014   ofa/sncr                      2002/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                     1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7   tx      ff co-benefit                    1988   scr                                2004   aci                              2015   ff                                   1988
w.a. parish 8         tx      fgd                              1982   scr                                2004   aci                              2015   ff                                   1988
waukegan 7            il      dsi                              2014   lnbofa                             2002   aci                              2008   esp/upgrade               1958/2002, 2014
waukegan 8            il      dsi                              2015   lnbofa                             1999   aci                              2008   esp/upgrade               1962/1999, 2015
will county 4         il      dsi                              2017   lnbofa/sncr              1999,2001/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                  1963,72/2000
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)   ff- fabric filterlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airofa - overfire airscr - selective catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures for the referenced periods by region:
texas             east/west               total
(in millions)
2019      $1                  $2                    $3
2020       8                   5                    13
2021       3                   8                    11
2022       4                   4                     8
2023       -                   -                     -
total     $16                 $19                   $35
common stock dividends the company returned $37 million of capital to shareholders in the year ended 2018 through a $0.12 dividend per common share.
on january 23, 2019, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.03 per share, or $0.12 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 15, 2019, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2019. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations.
80
share repurchases in 2018, the company's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase $1.5 billion of its common stock. during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company repurchased a total of 35,234,664 shares under these programs for $1.25 billion, and the remaining $250 million was repurchased by february 28, 2019. the average price paid per share for the $1.5 billion share repurchase was $36.24. in addition, the company's board of directors authorized in february 2019 an additional $1 billion share repurchase program to be executed in 2019. see note 14, capital structure, for additional discussion.
targeted debt reduction nrg is revising its balance sheet target ratios in order to further strengthen its balance sheet. in order to achieve the revised balance sheet targets, the company is reserving up to $600 million in 2019 capital which may be allocated toward debt reduction.
small book acquisitions during 2018, the company has acquired several books of customers totaling approximately 115,000 customers, along with brand names, for $44 million.
petra nova debt repayment nrg has guaranteed up to $124 million of petra nova's $248 million project debt to its lenders for purposes of debt repayment in the event petra nova is unable to meet its projected debt coverage covenant as stipulated in its financing agreements. the covenant test and possible repayment, or a portion thereof, are scheduled to occur in the third quarter of 2019. once such payment is made, nrg's guarantee will terminate.
81
cash flow discussion
2018 compared to 2017
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2018   2017                       change net cash provided by operating activities      $1,377                $1,610             $(233     )
net cash used by investing activities            (205    )             (639    )   434
net cash used by financing activities          (1,526    )           (1,138    )        (388      )
net cash provided by operating activities changes to net cash provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
change in cash from discontinued operations                                                                                           $(380      )
decrease in inventory during 2017 as a result of initiatives related to the transformation plan to reduce inventory levels             (112      )
genon settlement payment in july 2018, net of insurance proceeds received in december 2018                                              (63      )
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to changes in commodity prices                                  (25      )
increase in operating income adjusted for non-cash items                                                                                323
increase in working capital in 2018 as a result of initiatives related to the transformation plan to increase working capital            24
$(233      )
net cash used by investing activities changes to net cash used by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
increase in proceeds from sale of assets and sale of discontinued operations                        $1,134
change in cash from discontinued operations                                                            254
decrease in net investments in unconsolidated affiliates                                                18
cash removed due to deconsolidation of agua caliente and ivanpah in 2018                              (268      )
increase in cash paid for acquisitions in 2018, primarily for the xoom acquisition                    (229      )
decrease in net distributions received from discontinued operations                                   (210      )
increase in capital expenditures for growth investments and maintenance in generation assets          (134      )
increase in investments in nuclear decommissioning trust net of proceeds from sales                    (48      )
decrease in sales of emissions, net of purchases                                                       (47      )
decrease in insurance proceeds received in 2018                                                        (22      )
decrease in cash grants received in 2018                                                                (8      )
other                                                                                                   (6      )
$434
82
net cash used by financing activities changes in net cash used by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
repurchases of common stock in 2018, from open market repurchases and the asr agreement                     $(1,250      )
decrease in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                                            (68      )
change in cash from discontinued operations                                                                     640
decrease in payments for short and long-term debt                                                               150
decrease in notes issued to affiliates                                                                           99
increase in cash received from issuance of stock due to exercise of employee share-based compensation            21
decrease in net distributions paid to noncontrolling interests from subsidiaries                                 14
other                                                                                                             6
$(388      )
2017 compared to 2016
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2017   2016                       change net cash provided by operating activities      $1,610                $1,908             $(298     )
net cash used by investing activities            (639    )             (757    )   118
net cash used by financing activities          (1,138    )             (768    )        (370      )
net cash provided by operating activities changes to net cash provided by operating activities were driven by:
(in millions)
changes in cash collateral in support of risk management activities due to changes in commodity prices                                             $(476      )
other changes in working capital                                                                                                                    (121      )
decrease in operating income adjusted for non-cash items                                                                                             (67      )
decrease in inventory as a result of initiatives related to the transformation plan to reduce inventory levels in 2017 as compared to 2016            83
change in cash from discontinued operations                                                                                                          283
$(298      )
83
net cash used by investing activities changes to net cash used by investing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in capital expenditures in 2017                                                                                              $290
increase in proceeds from sale of assets                                                                                               189
increase due to net distributions received from discontinued operations                                                                208
increase in sales of emissions, net of purchases                                                                                        67
increase in investments in nuclear decommissioning trust net of proceeds from sales                                                     30
change in cash from discontinued operations, primarily due to increased capital expenditures in 2017 and asset sales in 2016          (591      )
decrease in cash grants received in 2017                                                                                               (28      )
increase due to net contributions to unconsolidated affiliates                                                                         (24      )
other                                                                                                                                  (23      )
$118
net cash used by financing activities changes in net cash used by financing activities were driven by:
(in millions)
decrease in payments for short and long-term debt primarily due to repurchases of senior notes in 2016                                                  $3,262
change due to repurchase of preferred stock in 2016                                                                                                        226
decrease in debt extinguishment costs                                                                                                                       79
decrease in deferred debt issuance costs                                                                                                                    43
decrease in payment of dividends, due to the annualized dividend rate being reduced from $0.58/share to $0.12/share in the first quarter of 2016            38
decrease in borrowings primarily related to agua caliente borrowings in 2016                                                                            (3,234      )
change in cash from discontinued operations                                                                                                               (652      )
decrease due to payment notes issued to affiliates in 2017                                                                                                (125      )
other                                                                                                                                                       (7      )
$(370      )
84
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications, under asc 740
as of december 31, 2018, the company had domestic pre-tax book income of $468 million and a foreign pre-tax book loss of $1 million. for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company generated an nol of $8.0 billion due to a current year taxable loss. as of december 31, 2018, the company has cumulative domestic federal nol carryforwards of $10.7 billion, which will begin expiring in 2031 and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $5.6 billion. nrg also has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $213 million, which do not have an expiration date. in addition to the above nols, nrg has a $442 million indefinite carryforward for interest deductions, as well as $381 million of tax credits to be utilized in future years. as a result of the company's tax position, including the benefit of $9.6 billion of tax losses and worthless stock deduction upon genon emerging from bankruptcy, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, primarily due to state and local jurisdictions, of up to $20 million in 2019.
the company has recorded short-term and long-term receivables of $35 million and $34 million, respectively, representing refundable amt credits from the irs, which are anticipated to be received from 2019 through 2022 pursuant to the 50% annual limitation as enacted by the tax act upon repeal of corporate amt effective january 1, 2018. of this amount, short-term and long-term payables of $11 million each are due to genon for their share of minimum tax credits.
in addition to these amounts, the company has $26 million of tax effected uncertain state tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $30 million (including accrued interest) until such final resolution with the related taxing authority.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2015. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2010.
off-balance sheet arrangements obligations under certain guarantee contracts nrg and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. these arrangements include financial and performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. see also item 15 - note 25 guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
retained or contingent interests nrg does not have any material retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - as of december 31, 2018, nrg has several investments with an ownership interest percentage of 50% or less in energy and energy-related entities that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. one of these investments is considered a variable interest entity for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary.
nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt held by unconsolidated affiliates was approximately $992 million as of december 31, 2018. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg. see also item 15 - note 15, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
85
contractual obligations and commercial commitments nrg has a variety of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments that represent prospective cash requirements in addition to the company's capital expenditure programs. the following tables summarize nrg's contractual obligations and contingent obligations for guarantees. see also item 15 - note 11, debt and capital leases, note 21, commitments and contingencies, and note 25, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
2018
contractual cash obligations                                        under1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           over5 years             total (a)            2017 total
(in millions)
long-term debt (including estimated interest)                        $464                  $807                $2,349                $6,520               $10,140               $13,895
capital lease obligations (including estimated interest)                -                     1                     -                     -                     1                     5
operating leases                                                       61                   102                    91                   317                   571                   675
fuel purchase and transportation obligations                          227                   278                   129                   209                   843                 1,335
fixed purchased power commitments                                      30                    25                    12                     1                    68                    68
pension minimum funding requirement (b)                                39                    53                    82                    79                   253                   205
other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirement (c)           7                    13                    12                    25                    57                    74
other liabilities (d)                                                  32                    62                    43                   144                   281                   296
total                                                                $860                $1,341                $2,718                $7,295               $12,214               $16,553
(a)   excludes $26 million non-current payable relating to nrg's uncertain tax benefits under asc 740 as the period of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. also excludes $679 million of asset retirement obligations which are discussed in item 15 - note 12 , asset retirement obligations, to the consolidated financial statements
(b)   these amounts represent the company's estimated minimum pension contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change
(c)   these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. the minimum required contribution for years after 2027 are currently not available
(d)   includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, ltsa commitments and other contractual obligations by remaining maturity at december 31,
2018
guarantees                                 under1 year                 1-3 years       3-5 years                 over5 years               total            2017 total
(in millions)
letters of credit and surety bonds(a)(b)   $1,138                      $79             $-                          $36                $1,253              $1,003
asset sales guarantee obligations          -                             4         257                             532                   793       312
other guarantees                           -                           105             -                           616                   721       645
total guarantees                           $1,138                     $188             $257                     $1,184                $2,767              $1,960
(a)   as of december 31, 2017 excludes $92 million of letters of credit issued under the intercompany revolving credit agreement between nrg and genon
(b)   december 31, 2018 includes $32 million of letter of credit and surety bonds for the benefit of genon where nrg holds cash or letter of credit to back stop the liability
86
fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at generation facilities or retail load obligations. in addition, in order to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the issuance of the company's variable rate debt, nrg enters into interest rate swap agreements.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, or asc 820. specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2018, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2018. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 4, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                               (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2017                    $103
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period           (99      )
contracts acquired during the period                                 11
changes in fair value                                                89
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2018                    $104
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2018
maturity fair value hierarchy (losses)/gains   1 year or less            greater than 1 year to 3 years              greater than 3 years to 5 years             greater than5 years             total fairvalue
(in millions)
level 1                               $(58          )           $(25                      )                 $(4                       )                 $-                              $(87            )
level 2                               106                  79                                               (1                        )                 (13               )        171
level 3                               43                        (1                        )                 (4                        )                 (18               )        20
total                                 $91                       $53                                         $(9                       )                 $(31              )             $104
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or posted on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2018, nrg's net derivative asset was $104 million, an increase to total fair value of $1 million as compared to december 31, 2017. this increase was primarily driven by gains in fair value and contracts acquired during the period, largely offset by roll off trades that were settled during the period.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $230 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2018.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $221 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2018.
87
critical accounting policies and estimates nrg's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies have not changed.
on an ongoing basis, nrg evaluates these estimates, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
nrg's significant accounting policies are summarized in item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements. the company identifies its most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and that require the most difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policy                                              judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                         assumptions used in valuation techniques assumptions used in forecasting generation assumptions used in forecasting borrowings market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets   ability to be sustained upon audit examination of taxing authorities interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods impairment of long-lived assets and investments                recoverability of investment through future operations regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about impairment triggering events goodwill and other intangible assets                           estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations contingencies                                                  estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements
88
derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815 to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the fair value of non-hedge derivative instruments immediately in earnings. in certain cases, nrg may apply hedge accounting to the company's derivative instruments. the criteria used to determine if hedge accounting treatment is appropriate are: (i) the designation of the hedge to an underlying exposure; (ii) whether the overall risk is being reduced; and (iii) if there is a correlation between the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument and the underlying hedged item. changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments accounted for as hedges are deferred and recorded as a component of oci and subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, nrg uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. in order to qualify the derivative instruments for hedged transactions, nrg estimates the forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period. judgments related to the probability of forecasted borrowings are based on the estimated timing of project construction, which can vary based on various factors. the probability that forecasted borrowings will occur by the end of a specified time period could change the results of operations by requiring amounts currently classified in oci to be reclassified into earnings, creating increased variability in the company's earnings. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that nrg has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on available baseload capacity, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2018, nrg had a valuation allowance of $3.8 billion. this amount is comprised of domestic federal net deferred tax assets of approximately $3.3 billion, domestic state net deferred tax assets of $454 million, foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $62 million and foreign capital loss carryforwards of approximately $1 million. the company believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will not generate sufficient taxable income which includes the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences to realize deferred tax assets, requiring a valuation allowance to be recorded.
nrg continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in other jurisdictions. considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws, including the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act effective december 22, 2017. nrg is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, including operations located in australia.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2015. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2010.
evaluation of assets for impairment and other-than-temporary decline in value in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, or asc 360, nrg evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events are:
•   significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•   significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•   adverse business climate;
•   accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•   current period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•   change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold, or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life
89
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value under asc 360, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. nrg considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, the company may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. nrg will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or employ an expected present value method that probability-weights a range of possible outcomes. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in the company's estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material.
annually, during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long term prices, forecasted generation and operating and capital expenditures, in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long term power and fuel prices impacted the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for its operations and the physical and economic characteristics of each of its businesses. during the fourth quarter of 2018, the company completed its annual budget and revised its view of long-term power and fuel prices and the corresponding impact on estimated cash flows associated with its long-lived assets. there were no significant changes to the company's long-term view of natural gas prices despite management's expectation of continued trends towards more renewables and energy storage. there were minimal changes to the long-term view of energy and capacity prices, which did not have a significant negative impact on the company's coal, nuclear, and renewable facilities.
the following long-lived asset impairment was recorded during 2018, as further described in item 15 -note 9, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements:
guam- during the fourth quarter of 2018, the company concluded its wholly-owned subsidiary, nrg solar guam, llc, was held for sale after board approval and advanced negotiations to sell the business. accordingly, the company recorded the assets and liabilities at fair market value as of december 31, 2018 based on the contractual sale price, which resulted in an impairment loss of $12 million. the sale was completed on february 20, 2019.
keystone and conemaugh - on june 29, 2018, the company entered into an agreement to sell its approximately 3.7% interests in the keystone and conemaugh generating stations. the company recorded impairment losses of $14 million for keystone and $14 million for conemaugh to adjust the carrying amount of the assets to fair value based on the contractual sale price. the transaction closed on september 5, 2018.
dunkirk - during the second quarter of 2018, nrg ceased its development of the project to add gas capability at the dunkirk generating station. the project was put on hold in 2015 pending the resolution of a lawsuit filed by entergy corporation against the nypsc, which challenged the legality of its contract with dunkirk. the lawsuit was later dropped and development continued, but the delay imposed a new requirement on dunkirk to enter into the nyiso interconnection study process. the nyiso studies have concluded that extensive electric system upgrades would be necessary for the station to return to service. this would cause the company to incur a material increase in cost and delay the project schedule that would render the project impractical. consequently, the company has recorded an impairment loss of $46 million, reducing the carrying amount of the related assets to $0.
other impairments - as of december 31, 2018, the company recorded additional impairment losses of approximately $13 million. these impairment losses were primarily to record the value of certain long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, at fair market value at the date of sale or in connection with an impairment indicator.
90
equity and cost method investments - nrg is also required to evaluate its equity method and cost method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired in accordance with asc 323, investments - equity method and joint ventures, or asc 323. the standard for determining whether an impairment must be recorded under asc 323 is whether a decline in the value is considered an other-than-temporary decline in value. the evaluation and measurement of impairments under asc 323 involves the same uncertainties as described for long-lived assets that the company owns directly and accounts for in accordance with asc 360. similarly, the estimates that nrg makes with respect to its equity and cost method investments are subjective, and the impact of variations in these estimates could be material. additionally, if the projects in which the company holds these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of asc 360, nrg would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss and would evaluate its investment for an other-than-temporary decline in value under asc 323. during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company recorded impairment losses on its equity method investments of $15 million due to declines in value.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2018, nrg reported goodwill of $573 million, consisting of $165 million associated with the acquisition of midwest generation and $408 million for retail business acquisitions. the balance of goodwill increased by $34 million in 2018 due to the acquisition of xoom.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations, or asc 805, and asc 350, to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, the company performs a quantitative assessment by determining the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing to its book value. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, where necessary, the company's goodwill will be impaired at that time.
the company performed its qualitative assessment of macroeconomic, industry and market events and circumstances, and the overall financial performance of the nrg business solutions and commodity retail reporting units. the company determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the goodwill attributed to these reporting units were more than their carrying amount and accordingly, no impairment existed for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the company performed a quantitative assessment for the reporting units in the following table. the company determined the fair value of these reporting units using primarily an income approach. under the income approach, the company estimated the fair value of the reporting units' invested capital exceeds its carrying value and, as such, the company concluded that goodwill associated with the reporting units in the following table is not impaired as of december 31, 2018:
reporting unit                                   % fair value over carrying value midwest generation (generation segment)                    132                  %
texas non-commodity (retail segment)                       135                  %
the company believes the methodology and assumptions used in its quantitative assessment are consistent with the views of market participants. significant inputs to the determination of fair value were as follows:
•   the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term forecasts for all of the plants in the region. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs:
◦   the company's views of power and fuel prices consider market prices for the first five-year period and the company's fundamental view for the longer term, driven by the company's long-term view of the price of natural gas. the company's fundamental view for the longer term reflects the implied power price and heat rate that would support new build of a combined cycle gas plant. the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants. hedging is included to the extent of contracts already in place;
91
◦   the company's estimate of generation, fuel costs, capital expenditure requirements and the existing and anticipated impact of environmental regulations;
◦   the company's fundamental view for the longer term, cash flows for the plants in the region were included in the fair value calculation through the end of each plants' estimated useful life; and
◦   projected generation and resulting energy gross margin in the long-term forecasts is based on an hourly dispatch that simulates dispatch of each unit into the power market. the dispatch simulation is based on power prices, fuel prices, and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant
•   the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budget for the texas non-commodity reporting unit. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs: a terminal value utilizing assumed growth rates and discount rates that reflect the inherent cash flow risk for each reporting unit.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
contingencies nrg records reserves for estimated losses from contingencies when information available indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 21, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
92
