item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company’s common stock.
the company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of content, and its success depends on its ability to compete effectively.
the company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content, including both traditional and new content providers. this competition has intensified as a result of the continued development of new digital and other technologies and platforms, and the company may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media alternatives. for example, advertising and circulation revenues in the company’s news and information services segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry such as declining newspaper buying by younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on a variety of content providers, including news aggregation websites, social media platforms and customized news feeds, for the delivery of news and information through the internet, often without charge. in addition, due to the increased availability of high-speed internet access and innovations in content distribution platforms that enable streaming and downloading of programming, consumers are now more readily able to watch internet-delivered content on smart tvs, computers, tablets, streaming devices and mobile devices through a variety of providers. these include iptv providers and svod services such as fetch tv, netflix, stan, amazon prime video, hayu and mubi, as well as programmers and distributors such as cbs, disney and the fta networks that have begun providing content, including smaller, lower-cost programming packages, directly to consumers over the internet, in some cases also without charge. the increasing number of choices available to consumers for video content may cause subscribers to the company’s pay-tv services to disconnect their services, downgrade to smaller, less expensive programming packages or purchase certain services from other providers that they would have historically purchased from the company. this may, in turn, adversely affect both the company’s subscription revenue and advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the company.
17
the company’s ability to compete effectively depends upon its ability to differentiate and distinguish its products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behaviors, which in turn, depends on many factors both within and beyond its control. for example, the company relies on audience acceptance of the high-quality differentiated content in its newspapers, book titles, pay-tv programming and radio stations in order to retain and grow their audiences, consumers and subscribers. similarly, the success of the company’s digital real estate services business depends in part on providing more comprehensive, current and accurate real estate listing data than its competitors, which the company generally obtains through short-term arrangements with mlss, real estate brokers, real estate agents and other third parties that may not be renewed and/or may be terminated with limited or no notice. however, when faced with a multitude of media choices, consumers may place greater value on when, where, how and at what price they consume content than they do on the source, quality or reliability of such content. online traffic is also driven by internet search results and referrals from social media and other platforms. search engine results are based on algorithms that change frequently, and social media and other platforms may also vary their emphasis on what content to highlight for users. any failure to successfully manage and adapt to these changes across the company’s businesses could result in significant decreases in traffic to the company’s digital properties, lower advertiser interest in those properties and increased costs if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic or otherwise adversely affect the company’s business.
some of the company’s current and potential competitors may have greater resources or better competitive positions in certain areas than it does, which may allow them to respond more effectively to new technologies and changes in market conditions. if the company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the company must respond to new technologies and changes in consumer behavior and continue to innovate and provide useful products in order to remain competitive.
technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the resulting changes in consumer behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render the company’s products and services less valuable. for example, alternative methods for the delivery, storage and consumption of digital content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, often without charge, internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading and digital distribution models for books, have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where, how and at what price they consume content. enhanced internet capabilities and the development of new media channels may continue to reduce the demand for the company’s newspapers, television programs and other products and the price consumers are willing to pay for such products. in addition, other technological developments, such as those allowing consumers to skip, fast forward through or block advertisements, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could adversely affect the attractiveness of the company’s offerings to advertisers.
other digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with the company, often at a lower cost. this trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the company’s products disproportionately to the costs associated with generating content and result in relatively low barriers to entry for competing internet-based products and services. additional digital distribution channels, such as the internet and online retailers, have presented, and may continue to present, challenges to the company’s businesses, including its traditional book publishing model, which could adversely affect sales volume and/or pricing.
the company must continue to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to ensure that its products and services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers and are delivered in the manner in which consumers and customers wish to consume them. the company may be required to incur
18
significant capital expenditures and other costs in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors and changes in consumer behavior, and to attract and retain employees with the skill sets and knowledge base needed to successfully operate its digital and other businesses. for example, the company expects to make significant investments in its pay-tv business as it continues to develop and improve the capabilities of its services, including potential new svod services. the development of new strategies and technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process, and there is a risk that the company may not be able to develop and market these opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner and that its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including new product offerings and the distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be accepted by consumers. the company’s failure to respond to and develop new technologies, distribution channels and platforms, products, services and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base or its advertisers to decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses, asset values, financial condition and results of operations.
a decline in customer advertising expenditures in the company’s newspaper and other businesses could cause its revenues and operating results to decline significantly.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising through its newspapers, integrated marketing services, digital media properties, cable channels and other pay-tv programming and radio stations. the company’s ability to generate advertising revenue is dependent on a number of factors, including: (1) demand for the company’s products and services, (2) audience fragmentation, (3) digital advertising trends, (4) its ability to offer advertising products and formats sought by advertisers, (5) general economic and business conditions, (6) demographics of the customer base, (7) advertising rates and (8) advertising effectiveness.
demand for the company’s products and services depends upon the company’s ability to differentiate those products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behaviors and is evaluated based on a variety of metrics. for example, circulation levels for the company’s newspapers, ratings points for its cable channels and number of listeners for its radio stations are among the factors advertisers consider when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the company as well as advertising rates. for the company’s digital media properties, including its digital real estate services sites, advertisers evaluate consumer demand using metrics such as the number of visits, number of users and user engagement. any difficulty or failure in accurately measuring demand, particularly demand generated through new platforms, may lead to under-measurement and, in turn, lower advertising pricing and spending.
the increasing popularity of digital media among consumers as a source of news and other content has driven a corresponding shift in advertising from traditional channels to digital platforms. this shift has significantly impacted the company’s print advertising revenues in particular, which have declined in each of its last three fiscal years. the development of new devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. in addition, in the past, rates have been generally lower for mobile advertising than for desktop advertising. as a result, increasing consumer reliance on mobile devices may add additional pricing pressure. consequently, the company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption.
the digital advertising market also continues to undergo significant changes that may further impact digital advertising revenues. digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing pressure. new delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. in addition,
19
evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, as well as the development and adoption of technology designed to block, change the location of, or obscure, the display of advertising on websites and mobile devices and/or block or delete cookies, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. as the digital advertising market continues to evolve, the company’s ability to compete successfully for advertising budgets will depend on, among other things, its ability to drive scale, engage and grow digital audiences, derive better demographic and other information about its users, develop new digital advertising products and formats such as branded and other custom content, and video and mobile advertising, and prove the value of its advertising and the effectiveness of the company’s platforms to its advertising customers, including through more targeted, data-driven offerings. in recent years, large digital platforms such as facebook and google, which have extensive audience reach and targeting capabilities, have commanded an increasing share of the digital advertising market, and the company expects this trend may continue.
the company’s print and digital advertising revenue is also affected generally by overall national and local economic and business conditions, including consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation, advertisers’ budgeting and buying patterns, which tend to be cyclical, as well as federal, state and local election cycles. in addition, certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the company’s advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. some of these sectors, such as retail, are more susceptible to weakness in economic conditions and have also been under pressure from increased online competition. a decline in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the company’s overall advertising revenue.
while the company has adopted a number of strategies and initiatives to address these challenges, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be successful. if the company is unable to demonstrate the continuing value of its various platforms and high-quality content and brands or offer advertisers unique multi-platform advertising programs, its results may suffer. reduced demand for the company’s offerings, a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company’s customers or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company’s businesses and assets, results of operations and financial condition.
the inability to obtain and retain sports and other programming rights could adversely affect the revenue of certain of the company’s operating businesses, and programming costs could also increase upon renewal.
competition for popular programming that is licensed from third parties is intense, and the success of certain of the company’s operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, will depend on, among other things, their ability to obtain and retain desirable programming and deliver it to subscribers and audiences at competitive prices. the pay-tv industry in particular has continued to experience higher programming costs due to, among other things, (1) increases imposed by sports and other programmers when offering new programming or upon the expiration of existing contracts; (2) the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and svod programming; and (3) increased competition from other digital media companies, including svod providers, for the rights to popular or exclusive content. certain of the company’s operating businesses, including its pay-tv business, are party to contracts for sports and other programming rights with various third parties, including professional sports leagues and teams, television and motion picture producers and other suppliers. these contracts have varying durations and renewal terms, and as they expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought. however, third parties may outbid the company for those rights and/or for any new programming offerings. in addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own direct-to-consumer sports offerings or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. the loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage and the availability of other popular entertainment programming offered by the company and lead to customer or audience dissatisfaction or, in some cases, loss of customers or audiences, which could, in turn, adversely affect its revenues. in addition, the company’s results could be adversely affected if upon renewal, escalations in programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates.
20
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions and investments that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the company’s senior management from the company’s operations, (6) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (7) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (8) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (9) liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments and (10) in some cases, increased regulation.
if any acquired business or investment, including the recent combination of foxtel and fox sports australia, fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the company’s existing businesses, the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company’s results of operations.
the company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its consolidated debt when the debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations whose cash flows support the ability to repay or refinance such debt. as of june 30, 2018, the new foxtel operating subsidiaries, whose functional currency is australian dollars, had $575 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness denominated in u.s. dollars. the company’s policy is to hedge against the risk of foreign currency exchange rate movements with respect to this exposure where commercially reasonable. however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements.
in addition, the company is exposed to foreign currency translation risk because it has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in currencies other than the company’s reporting currency, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the company’s financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company’s earnings when the results of those operations that are reported in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars for inclusion in the company’s consolidated financial statements, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its reported results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. in particular, exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling are expected to remain volatile due to continued political uncertainty in the u.k. and the negotiation of its exit from the european union, commonly referred to as “brexit.”
weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company’s business.
the u.s. and global economies have undergone, and continue to experience, periods of economic and market uncertainty, including as a result of recent trade disputes between a number of countries. these conditions have in the past resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit and capital markets, limited access to
21
the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a dramatic decline in the real estate market. the resulting pressure on the labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the company does business and had an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, including advertising revenues. any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the company’s business, reduce its advertising and other revenues and negatively impact the performance of its newspapers, television operations, books, digital real estate services business, radio stations and other consumer products and services. in addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the company to obtain financing. these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the company does business to satisfy their obligations to the company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. the company is particularly exposed to certain australian business risks, including specific australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets and generated approximately 32% of its fiscal 2018 revenues from australia. as a result, the company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian market. the company also generated approximately 16% of its fiscal 2018 revenues from the u.k., which continues to experience political, regulatory, economic and market uncertainty as it negotiates the terms of brexit. while the impact of brexit is difficult to predict, it could significantly affect the fiscal, monetary, political and regulatory landscape, lead other member countries to consider leaving the european union, result in the diminishment or elimination of barrier-free access between the u.k. and other european union member states and additional volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets and have an adverse impact on the company’s businesses in the u.k. and elsewhere. although the company believes that its capitalization, operating cash flow and current access to credit and capital markets, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global credit and capital markets will not impair the company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing.
the company relies on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause a disruption of services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue, reputational damage or other harm to the company’s business.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company’s network management, are important to its business activities and contain the company’s proprietary, confidential and sensitive business information, including personal data of its customers and personnel. the company also relies on third party providers for certain technology and “cloud-based” systems and services that support a variety of business operations. network and information systems-related events affecting the company’s systems, or those of third parties upon which the company’s business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company’s business and/or loss, corruption or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the company’s disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient to address all potential cyber events. unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce the company’s employees or other agents to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to the company’s systems, facilities or data, or those of third parties with whom the company does business. in addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications the company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly compromise information security.
22
in recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies’ network and information systems, and such attacks have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent against. as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the company’s digital businesses expand. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the company to date, individually or in the aggregate. while the company and its vendors have developed and implemented security measures and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, such security measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. while the company maintains cyber risk insurance, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any future breaches of the company’s systems.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company’s systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption of its operations, including degradation or disruption of service, equipment damage, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of customers, audience, advertisers or revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal and credit card data, as well as confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company’s business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. in addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the company’s systems or those of third parties upon which its business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact the company’s brand and reputation and materially affect its business.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of adverse developments in the company’s industry and challenging economic and market conditions, the company may recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other long-lived assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company’s financial results. when the company acquires a business, it records goodwill in an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, as of the acquisition date. the company’s management must regularly evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company’s cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads, distribution networks, publishing imprints, radio broadcast licenses, trademarks and trade names, publishing rights and customer relationships, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the business environment, credit and capital markets or the economy generally and actual or projected operating results, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. for example, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue, the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights and/or consumer acceptance of new products, including new svod services, could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets,
23
investments or other long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required. any such charge could be material to the company’s reported results of operations. for example, in fiscal 2018, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $280 million, primarily related to news america marketing and fox sports australia, and a $957 million non-cash write-down of its investment in foxtel. in addition, as of june 30, 2018, the company had approximately $170 million of goodwill that is at risk for future impairment because the fair value of the corresponding reporting unit was equal to its carrying value. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
there can be no assurance that the company will have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it, and the significant leverage of its new foxtel operating subsidiaries could limit the ability of those subsidiaries to access the credit and capital markets and have other adverse effects.
from time to time the company may need or desire to access the credit and capital markets to obtain financing. although the company believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the company’s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors. in addition, as a result of the transaction, the company now consolidates the debt of its new foxtel operating subsidiaries. those subsidiaries have significant leverage that could limit or prevent them from incurring additional debt or refinancing or otherwise extending the maturities of their existing debt. as of june 30, 2018, the new foxtel operating subsidiaries’ total outstanding indebtedness was $1.6 billion, including $370 million due in fiscal 2019, with the remainder having various maturities through fiscal 2025. factors impacting the company’s ability to access the credit and capital markets include, but are not limited to: (1) the financial performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (2) the company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable; (3) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents (collectively, the “debt documents”); (4) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets; and (5) the state of the economy. there can be no assurance that the company (particularly as a company that currently has no credit rating) will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on terms acceptable to it.
the company’s consolidated debt could also have other adverse effects. a portion of the outstanding debt bears interest at variable rates, which exposes the company to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. if interest rates increase, the applicable debt service obligations will increase, which could reduce available cash flow and make it more difficult to make scheduled debt payments and/or limit the amount of cash available for operations, including investments and capital expenditures. although the company hedges a portion of the exposure to these interest rate movements, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost or at all, or that there will not be a default by any of the counterparties to those arrangements. in addition, the new foxtel operating subsidiaries’ outstanding debt documents contain significant financial and operating covenants that may limit their operational and financial flexibility. subject to certain exceptions, these covenants restrict or prohibit these operating subsidiaries from, among other things, undertaking certain transactions, disposing of properties or assets (including subsidiary stock), merging or consolidating with any other person, making financial accommodation available, giving guarantees, entering into certain other financing arrangements, creating or permitting certain liens, engaging in transactions with affiliates, making repayments of other loans and undergoing fundamental business changes. these instruments also generally include financial covenants requiring the new foxtel operating subsidiaries to maintain specified total debt to ebitda and interest coverage ratios. in the event any of these covenants are breached and such breach results in a default under any of the new foxtel operating subsidiaries’ debt documents, the lenders or noteholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the applicable debt documents, which could result in a default under other outstanding debt documents and could have a material adverse impact on the company’s business, results of operation and financial condition.
24
the company’s business could be adversely impacted by changes in governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company’s products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries, could have a negative impact on its interests. in addition, laws and regulations in some international jurisdictions differ from those in the united states, and the enforcement of those laws and regulations may be inconsistent and unpredictable. the company may incur substantial costs or be required to change its business practices in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and could incur substantial penalties or other liabilities in the event of any failure to comply.
the company’s australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. this includes:
•              anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-tv providers such as new foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for example, the olympic games and certain australian rules football and cricket matches) unless:

–   national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 26 weeks before the start of the event;

–   the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the australian population; or

–   the rights to televise are also held by one of australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters;

•     other parts of the broadcasting services act that regulate ownership interests and control of australian media organizations. such legislation may have an impact on the company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities; and

•   the telecommunications act and associated codes, which apply various consumer protection regimes to new foxtel as a telecommunications service provider.

the company’s business activities are also subject to various laws and regulations in the united states and internationally governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which have implications for how such data is managed. many of these laws and regulations continue to evolve, and substantial uncertainty surrounds their scope and application. complying with these laws and regulations could be costly, require the company to change its business practices, or limit or restrict aspects of the company’s business in a manner adverse to its business operations, including by inhibiting or preventing the collection of information that would enable it to provide more targeted, data-driven advertising offerings. the company’s failure to comply, even if inadvertent or in good faith, or as a result of a compromise, breach or interruption of the company’s systems by a third party, could result in exposure to enforcement by u.s. federal or state or foreign governments or private actors, as well as significant negative publicity and reputational damage. an example of such a law is the european union’s gdpr, which recently went into effect and expands the regulation of personal data processing throughout the european union and significantly increases maximum penalties for non-compliance. see “governmental regulation—data privacy and security” for more information. finally, because some of the company’s products and services are available on the internet, it may be subject to laws or regulations exposing it to liability or compliance obligations even in jurisdictions where the company does not have a substantial presence.
in addition, the company’s newspaper publishing businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press. following the inquiry, the u.k. government established a press recognition panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press regulatory body. publishers who are not members of an approved regulator, including the
25
company, may be subject to exemplary damages in privacy and libel cases and, if section 40 of the crime and courts act 2013 is enacted, the payment of costs for both parties in libel actions in certain circumstances. the majority of the u.k. press, including news uk, has established an alternative regulator, the independent press standards organisation, or ipso. ipso, which has indicated that it does not intend to seek approval by the press recognition panel, has powers to impose burdens on its print media members in the u.k. these powers, which include the ability to impose fines of up to £1 million for systemic breaches of ipso’s editor’s code of practice, may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance. depending on the political environment, the second phase of the leveson inquiry may be commenced, investigating the relationship between the press and the police.
the company’s radio stations in the u.k. and ireland are also subject to governmental regulation by the relevant broadcast authorities as the company is required to obtain and maintain licenses from such authorities to operate these stations. although the company expects its licenses will, where relevant, be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. non-compliance by the company with the requirements associated with such licenses or other applicable laws and regulations, including of the relevant authority, could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other adverse regulatory actions.
adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company’s business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies, including with respect to antitrust, tax, data privacy and security, intellectual property and other matters. see “item 3. legal proceedings” and note 16 to the financial statements for a discussion of certain matters. the outcome of these matters and other litigation and proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or settlement costs that could adversely affect the company’s results of operations or financial condition as well as the company’s ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors.
the company could be subject to significant additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
the company is subject to taxation in u.s. federal, state and local jurisdictions and various non-u.s. jurisdictions, including australia and the u.k. the company’s effective tax rate is impacted by the tax laws, regulations, practices and interpretations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may fluctuate significantly from period to period depending on, among other things, the geographic mix of the company’s profits and losses, changes in tax laws and regulations or their application and interpretation, the outcome of tax audits and changes in valuation allowances associated with the company’s deferred tax assets. evaluating and estimating the company’s tax provision, current and deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax accruals requires significant management judgment, and there are often transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
the company’s tax returns are routinely audited by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company’s tax returns or positions taken by the company, and as a result, tax-related settlements or litigation may occur, resulting in additional income tax liabilities against the company. although the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of tax reviews and examinations and any related litigation, the final outcomes of these matters could differ materially from the amounts recorded in the financial statements. as a result, the company may be required to recognize additional charges in its statements of operations and pay significant additional amounts with respect to current or prior periods, or its taxes in the future could increase, which could adversely affect its operating results and financial condition.
26
in connection with the separation, 21st century fox received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service (“irs”) and an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the separation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the company and 21st century fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated. if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st century fox and/or the company would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and 21st century fox would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the company’s common stock distributed to 21st century fox’s stockholders on the distribution date over 21st century fox’s tax basis in such shares. the company may in certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st century fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing. specifically, under the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement that the company and 21st century fox entered into in connection with the separation, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken, or omitted to be taken, after the separation by the company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st century fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, or (3) the company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st century fox as a result of such determination.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax act instituted significant changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system including, among other things, lowering the corporate tax rate and implementing a partial territorial tax system. the company recorded provisional charges during fiscal 2018 for certain transitional impacts associated with these changes. in addition, a number of other provisions in the tax act do not take effect until fiscal 2019, including changes to limits on the deductions for executive compensation, a tax on global intangible low-taxed income, the base erosion anti-abuse tax and a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income. the company continues to assess the full impact of the tax act, including finalizing the transitional impacts referenced above, and cannot predict the manner in which provisions of the tax act or any related regulations, legislation or accounting standards may be interpreted or enforced or whether such interpretation or enforcement may have a material adverse effect on its income tax expense and/or its business, financial condition and results of operations. see note 19 to the financial statements for more information regarding the impact of the tax act.
the company’s international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, approximately 57% of the company’s revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (4) compliance with international laws and regulations, including foreign ownership restrictions and data privacy requirements such as the gdpr; (5) compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act; (6) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; and (7) compliance with local labor laws and regulations. for example, brexit may, among other things, adversely affect economic and market conditions in the u.k. and the european union and create uncertainty around doing business in the u.k., including with respect to data protection and transfer, tax rates and the recruitment and retention of employees. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company’s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. challenges
27
associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that contain operational and management restrictions and/or other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company.
the company is party to agreements with third parties relating to certain of its businesses that restrict the company’s ability to take specified actions and contain other rights that, depending on the circumstances, may not be in the best interest of the company. for example, the company and telstra are parties to a shareholders’ agreement with respect to new foxtel containing certain minority protections for telstra, including standard governance provisions, as well as transfer and exit rights. the shareholders’ agreement provides telstra with the right to appoint two directors to the board of new foxtel, as well as board and shareholder-level veto rights over certain non-ordinary course and/or material corporate actions that may prevent new foxtel from taking actions that are in the interests of the company. the shareholders’ agreement also provides for (1) certain transfer restrictions, which could adversely affect the company’s ability to effect such transfers and/or the prices at which those transfers may occur, and (2) exit arrangements, which could, in certain circumstances, force the company to sell its interest, subject to rights of first and, in some cases, last refusals.
in addition, move, the company’s digital real estate services business in the u.s., operates the realtor.com® website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com® website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com® website, either by itself or with another third party.
theft of the company’s content, including digital piracy and signal theft, may decrease revenue and adversely affect the company’s business and profitability.
the company’s success depends in part on its ability to maintain and monetize the intellectual property rights in its content, and theft of its brands, programming, digital content, books and other copyrighted material affects the value of its content. developments in technology, including the wide availability of higher internet bandwidth and reduced storage costs, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material, including from other less-regulated countries into the company’s primary markets. the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy by preventing unauthorized access to such content through the use of encryption of programming content, signal encryption and other security access devices and digital rights management software, as well as by obtaining site blocking orders against pirate streaming and torrent sites and a variety of other actions, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. however, these efforts are not always successful, and the company cannot ensure that it will be able to reduce or control theft of its content. moreover, protection of the company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the company’s ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. the proliferation of unauthorized use of the company’s content may have an adverse effect on its business and profitability by reducing the revenue that the company potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its content.
failure by the company to protect certain intellectual property and brands could adversely impact the company’s results of operation and financial condition.
the company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names and other proprietary rights, as well as licenses and other contractual arrangements, including licenses relating to
28
sports programming rights, set-top box technology and related systems, the nar license and the fox licenses, to establish, obtain and protect the intellectual property and brand names used in their businesses. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights will be upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country or region in which the company operates or where its products are available. any failure by the company to effectively protect its intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the company’s results of operations or financial condition. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
newsprint prices may continue to be volatile and difficult to predict and control, and any increase in newsprint costs may adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the company’s newspaper publishing units. during the quarter ended june 30, 2018, the company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 1% lower than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years on a constant currency basis. the price of newsprint has historically been volatile, and a number of factors may cause prices to increase, including: (1) the closure and consolidation of newsprint mills, which has reduced the number of suppliers over the years; (2) the imposition of tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. suppliers of paper; (3) an increase in supplier operating expenses due to rising raw material or energy costs or other factors; (4) failure to maintain the company’s current consumption levels; and (5) the inability to maintain the company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers. any increase in the cost of newsprint could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
damage, failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company’s pay-tv business depends upon to distribute its programming could adversely affect the company’s business and results of operations.
the company’s pay-tv business uses satellite systems to transmit its programming to its subscribers and/or authorized sublicensees. the distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. in addition, each of the company’s cable networks uses studio and transmitter facilities. transmissions may be disrupted or degraded as a result of local disasters, including extreme weather, that damage or destroy on-ground uplinks or downlinks or studio and transmitter facilities, or as a result of damage to a satellite. satellites are subject to significant operational and environmental risks while in orbit, including anomalies resulting from various factors such as manufacturing defects and problems with power or control systems, as well as environmental hazards such as meteoroid events, electrostatic storms and collisions with space debris. these events may result in the loss of one or more transponders on a satellite or the entire satellite and/or reduce the useful life of the satellite, which could, in turn, lead to a disruption or loss of pay-tv services to the company’s customers. the company does not carry commercial insurance for business disruptions or losses resulting from the foregoing events as it believes the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to the risk. instead, the company seeks to mitigate this risk through the maintenance of backup satellite capacity and other contingency plans. however, these steps may not be sufficient, and if the company is unable to secure alternate distribution, studio and/or transmission facilities in a timely manner, any such disruption or loss could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company’s pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party service providers and suppliers for certain key products or services, and any reduction or interruption in the supply of these products and services or a significant increase in price could have an adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company’s pay-tv business depends on a single or limited number of third party service providers and suppliers to supply certain key products and services necessary to provide its pay-tv services. in particular, the
29
company depends on optus to provide all of its satellite transponder capacity, and arris and technicolor are the company’s sole suppliers of satellite and cable set-top boxes and the foxtel now box, respectively. if any of these service providers or suppliers breaches or terminates their agreements with the company or otherwise fails to perform their obligations in a timely manner, experiences operating or financial difficulties, is unable to meet demand due to component shortages, insufficient capacity or otherwise, significantly increases the amount the company pays for necessary products or services or ceases production of any necessary product, the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. while the company will seek alternative sources for these products and services where possible, it may not be able to develop these alternative sources quickly and cost-effectively, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services to its subscribers or operate its business.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company’s business.
in a variety of the company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins.
the market price of the company’s stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the company’s business strategy; (4) the company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company’s business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) investor perception of the company and the industries in which it operates; (12) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (13) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and (14) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions.
certain of the company’s directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in 21st century fox, and certain of the company’s officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of 21st century fox, which may result in the diversion of corporate opportunities to 21st century fox.
certain of the company’s directors and executive officers own shares of 21st century fox’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company’s officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st century fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company’s executive chairman and executive chairman of 21st century fox, lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company’s co-chairman and executive chairman of 21st century fox, and james r. murdoch, who serves as a director of the company and chief executive officer of 21st century fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and 21st century fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and 21st century fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and 21st century fox may agree to implement, the company and
30
21st century fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company’s restated certificate of incorporation acknowledges that the company’s directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and 21st century fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st century fox and certain of its affiliates. the company’s restated certificate of incorporation provides that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company’s restated certificate of incorporation) to 21st century fox instead of the company. as 21st century fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate opportunities in its certificate of incorporation, the provisions in the company’s restated certificate of incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to 21st century fox instead of the company.
certain provisions of the company’s restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws, tax sharing and indemnification agreement, separation and distribution agreement and delaware law, the company’s third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company’s common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers, and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company’s board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
•   a dual class common equity capital structure;

•   a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;

•   special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the chief executive officer, the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock;

•   the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders’ meeting;

•   the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;

•   vacancies on the board of directors to be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;

•   certain restrictions on the transfer of the company’s shares; and

•   the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.

these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, in connection with the separation, the company’s board of directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in june 2014, june 2015 and again in june 2018. pursuant to the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the company additional shares of its class a common stock and
31
class b common stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding class b common stock without approval of the company’s board of directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the company’s class b common stock immediately following the separation. the stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the company’s voting common stock without the approval of its board of directors. the rights expire on june 18, 2021, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company’s outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 7, 2018, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the company’s class b common stock and less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock as of august 7, 2018. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock and approximately 39.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 7, 2018. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the third amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the company’s board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company’s class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the “exchange act”), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “predict,” “believe” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company’s financial condition or results of operations and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. more information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading “risk factors” in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the “annual report”). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “news corporation,” “news corp,” the “company,” “we,” or “us”) is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: news and information services, book publishing, digital real estate services and subscription video services in australia.
in april 2018, news corp and telstra combined their respective 50% interests in foxtel and news corp’s 100% interest in fox sports australia into a new company, which the company refers to as “new foxtel” (the “transaction”). following the completion of the transaction, news corp owns a 65% interest in the combined business, with telstra owning the remaining 35%. consequently, the company began consolidating foxtel in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. (see note 3—acquisitions, disposals and other transactions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). the results of the combined business are reported within the subscription video services segment (formerly the cable network programming segment). the company has revised its prior year discussion and analysis to reflect this segment name change. to enhance the comparability of the financial information provided to users, the company has supplementally included pro forma financial information for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 reflecting the transaction within its discussion and analysis below.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2016, management approved a plan to dispose of the company’s digital education business. as a result of the plan and the discontinuation of further significant business activities in the digital education segment, the assets and liabilities of this segment were classified as held for sale and the results of operations have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. unless indicated otherwise, the information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to the company’s continuing operations. see note 4—discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the consolidated financial statements are referred to herein as the “consolidated financial statements.” the consolidated statements of operations are referred to herein as the “statements of operations.” the consolidated balance sheets are referred to herein as the “balance sheets.” the consolidated statements of cash flows are
39
referred to herein as the “statements of cash flows.” the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (“gaap”).
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of the company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
•                                                                overview of the company’s business—this section provides a general description of the company’s businesses, as well as developments that occurred during the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and through the date of this filing that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.

•                                                              results of operations—this section provides an analysis of the company’s results of operations for the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2018. this analysis is presented on both a consolidated basis and a segment basis. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed. to enhance the comparability of the financial information provided to users, the company has supplementally included pro forma financial information for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 within its discussion and analysis below reflecting the transaction.
the company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to june 30 in each year. fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 included 52, 52 and 53 weeks, respectively. as a result, the company has referenced the impact of the 53rd week, where applicable, when providing analysis of the results of operations.

•                        liquidity and capital resources—this section provides an analysis of the company’s cash flows for the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2018, as well as a discussion of the company’s financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2018.

•                                                               critical accounting policies—this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company’s significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policies discussed in this section.

overview of the company’s businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following five segments:
•                                                           news and information services—the news and information services segment includes the company’s global print, digital and broadcast radio media platforms. these product offerings include the global print and digital versions of the wall street journal and the dow jones media group, which includes barron’s and marketwatch, the company’s suite of professional information products, including factiva, dow jones risk &amp; compliance, dow jones newswires and djx and its live journalism events. the company also owns, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun, the courier mail and the advertiser in australia, the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. and the new york post in the u.s. this segment also includes news america marketing, a leading provider of home-delivered shopper media, in-store marketing products and services and digital marketing solutions, including checkout 51’s mobile application, as well as unruly, a global video advertising marketplace, wireless group, operator of talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., and storyful, a social media content agency.

•                                                    book publishing—the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 18 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious publishing. harpercollins owns more than 120 branded publishing imprints, including harper, william morrow, harpercollins children’s books,

40
avon, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, patricia cornwell, chip and joanna gaines, rick warren, sarah young and agatha christie and popular titles such as the hobbit, goodnight moon, to kill a mockingbird, jesus calling and hillbilly elegy.

•                                                            digital real estate services—the digital real estate services segment consists of the company’s 61.6% interest in rea group and
80% interest in move. the remaining 20% interest in move is held by rea group. rea group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property and is listed on the australian securities exchange (“asx”) (asx: rea). rea group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile applications across australia and asia, including australia’s leading residential and commercial property websites, realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au, and property portals in asia. in addition, rea group provides property-related data to the financial sector and financial services through an end-to-end digital property search and financing experience and a mortgage broking offering.

move is a leading provider of online real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com®, a premier real estate information and services marketplace. move offers real estate advertising solutions to agents and brokers, including its connectionssm for buyers and advantagesm pro products. move also offers a number of professional software and services products, including top producer®, fivestreet® and listhubtm.
•                                                                                                                                  subscription video services—the company’s subscription video services segment provides video sports, entertainment and news services to pay-tv subscribers and other commercial licensees, primarily via cable, satellite and internet protocol, or ip, distribution, and consists of (i) its 65% interest in new foxtel and
(ii) australian news channel pty ltd (“anc”). the remaining 35% interest in new foxtel is held by telstra, an asx-listed telecommunications company. new foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, with over 200 channels covering sports, general entertainment, movies, documentaries, music, children’s programming and news and broadcast rights to live sporting events in australia including: national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, the domestic football league, the australian rugby union and various motorsports programming.

anc operates the sky news network, australia’s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service. anc channels are distributed throughout australia and new zealand and available on foxtel and sky network television nz. anc also owns and operates the international australia channel iptv service and offers content across a variety of digital media platforms, including mobile, podcasts and social media websites.
•                                                     other—the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters (as defined in “item 3. legal proceedings” in this annual report). the company’s strategy group identifies new products and services across its businesses to increase revenues and profitability and targets and assesses potential acquisitions, investments and dispositions.

news and information services revenue at the news and information services segment is derived primarily from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising continue to affect revenues. advertising revenues at the news and information services segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company’s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company’s and/or competitors’ products, as well as by promotional activities.
41
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial, commissions and radio sports rights. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
the news and information services segment’s advertising volume and rates, circulation and the price of paper are the key variables whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the company’s operating results and cash flow. the company has to anticipate the level of advertising volume and rates, circulation and paper prices in managing its businesses to maximize operating profit during expanding and contracting economic cycles. the company continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the company’s expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper and other factors that may affect paper prices, including tariffs or other restrictions on non-u.s. paper suppliers. the news and information services segment’s products compete for readership, audience and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers’ judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of consumer demographics.
the company’s traditional print business faces challenges from alternative media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the company is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move in advertising from print to digital. these alternative media formats could impact the company’s overall performance, positively or negatively. in addition, technologies have been and will continue to be developed that allow users to block advertising on websites and mobile devices, which may impact advertising rates or revenues.
as a multi-platform news provider, the company recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from a variety of media formats and platforms, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital products. smartphones, tablets and similar devices, their related applications, and other technologies, provide continued opportunities for the company to make its content available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes, and develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between content providers and consumers. the company continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content across a variety of media channels and platforms.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace is highly competitive and continues to change due to technological developments, including additional digital platforms and distribution channels, and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product, and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment’s sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions. operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, authors’ royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
42
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment generates revenue through property and property-related advertising and services, including the sale of real estate listing products to agents, brokers and developers, display advertising on its residential real estate and commercial property sites and residential property data services to the financial sector. the digital real estate services segment also generates revenue through licenses of certain professional software products on a subscription basis and fees and commissions from referrals generated through its end-to-end digital property search and financing offering and mortgage broking services. significant expenses associated with these sites, services and software solutions include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, broker commissions, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
consumers are increasingly turning to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information and services. the digital real estate services segment’s success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that are useful for consumers and real estate, mortgage and financial services professionals and attractive to its advertisers. the digital real estate services segment operates in a highly competitive digital environment with other real estate and property websites.
subscription video services the company’s subscription video services segment consists of (i) its 65% interest in new foxtel and (ii) anc. new foxtel is the largest pay-tv provider in australia, delivering over 200 channels including the leading sports programming content in australia. new foxtel generates revenue primarily through subscription revenue as well as advertising revenue.
new foxtel competes for audiences primarily with free-to-air (“fta”) tv operators in australia, including the three major commercial fta networks and two major government-funded fta broadcasters, as well as other pay-tv operators, iptv providers and subscription video-on-demand services such as fetch tv, netflix, stan, amazon prime video, hayu and mubi.
anc operates the sky news network, australia’s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and also owns and operates the australia channel iptv service for international markets. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers based on the number of subscribers and advertising.
the most significant operating expenses of the subscription video services segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming, the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations, expenses related to cable, satellite, internet and broadband transmission costs and studio and engineering expense. the expenses associated with licensing certain programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the subscription video services segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of new foxtel’s local and international sports programming. programming rights associated with a dedicated channel are amortized over twelve months. other expenses include subscriber acquisition costs such as sales costs and marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company’s strategy group identifies new products and services across the company’s businesses to increase revenues and profitability and targets and assesses potential acquisitions, investments and dispositions.
43
other business developments in june 2018, rea group acquired hometrack australia pty ltd (“hometrack australia”) for a$130 million (approximately $100 million) in cash, which was funded with a mix of cash on hand and debt of a$70 million (approximately $53 million). hometrack australia is a provider of property data services to the financial sector and it allows rea group to deliver more property data and insights to its customers. hometrack australia is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
in april 2018, news corp and telstra combined their respective 50% interests in foxtel and news corp’s 100% interest in fox sports australia into a new company, new foxtel. following the completion of the transaction, news corp owns a 65% interest in new foxtel, and telstra owns the remaining 35%. the combination allows foxtel and fox sports australia to leverage their media platforms and content to improve services for consumers and advertisers. the results of new foxtel are reported within the subscription video services segment (formerly, the cable network programming segment), and it is considered a separate reporting unit for purposes of the company’s annual goodwill impairment review.
in july 2017, rea group acquired an 80.3% interest in smartline home loans pty limited (“smartline”) for approximately a$70 million in cash (approximately $55 million). the minority shareholders have the option to sell the remaining 19.7% interest to rea group beginning three years after closing at a price dependent on the financial performance of smartline. if the option is not exercised, the minority interest will become mandatorily redeemable four years after closing. as a result, rea group recognized a liability of $12 million in the three months ended september 30, 2017 for the present value of the amount expected to be paid for the remaining interest based on the formula specified in the acquisition agreement. smartline is one of australia’s premier mortgage broking franchise groups, and the acquisition provides rea group’s financial services business with greater scale and capability. smartline is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment.
in january 2017, rea group acquired an approximate 15% interest in elara technologies pte. ltd., a leading online real estate services provider in india (“elara”), for $50 million. elara operates proptiger.com, makaan.com and housing.com, and the investment further strengthens rea group’s presence in asia. following the completion of the investment and certain related transactions, including elara’s acquisition of housing.com, news corporation’s pre-existing interest in elara decreased to approximately 23%.
in december 2016, rea group sold its european business for approximately $140 million (approximately €133 million) in cash, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of $107 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. the sale allows rea group to focus on its core businesses in australia and asia.
in september 2016, the company completed its acquisition of wireless group plc (“wireless group”) for a purchase price of 315 pence per share in cash, or approximately £220 million (approximately $285 million) in the aggregate, plus $23 million of assumed debt which was repaid subsequent to closing. wireless group operates talksport, the leading sports radio network in the u.k., and a portfolio of radio stations in the u.k. and ireland. the acquisition broadens the company’s range of services in the u.k., ireland and internationally and the company continues to closely align wireless group’s operations with those of the sun and the times. wireless group’s results are included within the news and information services segment, and it is considered a separate reporting unit for purposes of the company’s annual goodwill impairment review.
in addition to the acquisitions noted above, the company used $62 million of cash for additional acquisitions during fiscal 2017, primarily consisting of australian regional media (“arm”). arm’s results are included within the news and information services segment.
in february 2016, rea group increased its investment in iproperty group limited (“iproperty”) from 22.7% to approximately 86.9% for a$482 million in cash (approximately $340 million). the remaining 13.1% interest was
44
mandatorily redeemable during fiscal 2018, and as a result, the company recognized a liability of approximately $76 million at the time of acquisition. the acquisition was funded primarily with the proceeds from borrowings under an unsecured syndicated revolving loan facility (the “rea facility”). (see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). the acquisition of iproperty extends rea group’s market leading business in australia to attractive markets throughout southeast asia. iproperty is a subsidiary of rea group, and its results are included within the digital real estate services segment. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, rea group recognized a gain of $29 million related to the revaluation of its previously held equity interest in iproperty in other, net in the statements of operations. the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest was redeemed in april 2018 and the amount paid was based on the actual performance of the business against the targets stipulated in the acquisition agreement.
on september 30, 2015, the company acquired unruly holdings limited (“unruly”) for approximately £60 million (approximately $90 million) in cash and up to £56 million (approximately $86 million) in future cash consideration related to payments primarily contingent upon the achievement of certain performance objectives. unruly is a global video advertising marketplace that is focused on delivering branded video advertising across websites and mobile devices. unruly’s results are included within the news and information services segment, and it is considered a separate reporting unit for purposes of the company’s annual goodwill impairment review.
in addition to the acquisitions noted above, the company used $90 million of cash for additional acquisitions during fiscal 2016, primarily consisting of diakrit international limited (“diakrit”), flatmates.com.au pty ltd (“flatmates”) and checkout 51 mobile apps ulc (“checkout 51”). diakrit and flatmates’ results are included within the digital real estate services segment, and checkout 51’s results are included within the news and information services segment.
results of operations—fiscal 2018 versus fiscal 2017 (as reported)
the following table sets forth the company’s operating results for fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                    2017                              change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                                           $2,799                   $2,860                   $(61   )                 (2)%
circulation and subscription                                           3,021                    2,470                    551                      22%
consumer                                                               1,664                    1,573                     91                       6%
real estate                                                              858                      696                    162                      23%
other                                                                    682                      540                    142                      26%
total revenues                                                         9,024                    8,139                    885                      11%
operating expenses                                                    (4,903   )               (4,529   )               (374   )                 (8)%
selling, general and administrative                                   (3,049   )               (2,725   )               (324   )                (12)%
depreciation and amortization                                           (472   )                 (449   )                (23   )                 (5)%
impairment and restructuring charges                                    (351   )                 (927   )                576                      62%
equity losses of affiliates                                           (1,006   )                 (295   )               (711   )                   **
interest, net                                                             (7   )                   39                    (46   )                   **
other, net                                                              (325   )                  132                   (457   )                   **
loss before income tax expense                                        (1,089   )                 (615   )               (474   )                (77)%
income tax expense                                                      (355   )                  (28   )               (327   )                   **
net loss                                                              (1,444   )                 (643   )               (801   )                   **
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (70   )                  (95   )                 25                      26%
net loss attributable to news corporation                            $(1,514   )                $(738   )              $(776   )                   **
**   not meaningful

45
revenues—revenues increased $885 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the revenue increase was primarily due to higher revenues at the subscription video services segment of $510 million resulting in large part from the transaction, which contributed $461 million to the increase. the revenue increase was also attributable to higher revenues of $203 million at the digital real estate services segment, mainly due to increased revenues at both rea group and move, and $122 million at the book publishing segment as a result of strong frontlist and backlist sales in the general books category and $28 million from the sublicensing agreement for j.r.r. tolkien’s the lord of the rings trilogy.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $172 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses—operating expenses increased $374 million, or 8%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was mainly due to higher operating expenses at the subscription video services segment of $313 million primarily resulting from the transaction and, to a lesser extent, the timing of programming amortization related to the launch of a dedicated national rugby league channel, higher national rugby league programming rights costs and the acquisition of anc. the book publishing segment also contributed $54 million to the increase primarily due to higher costs associated with higher revenues and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense increase of $84 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses—selling, general and administrative expenses increased $324 million, or 12%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses of $147 million at the subscription video services segment, primarily as a result of the transaction, and $108 million at the digital real estate services segment primarily due to higher costs associated with higher revenues, the acquisition of smartline and increased marketing costs at move. the increase was also attributable to higher expenses of $81 million at the news and information services segment primarily related to higher compensation and marketing costs, the $55 million increase from foreign currency fluctuations, as well as the absence of a $12 million adjustment to reduce the deferred consideration accrual related to the acquisition of unruly which did not recur in the current year period. these increases were partially offset by the $46 million impact from the reversal of a portion of the previously accrued liability for the u.k. newspaper matters and the corresponding receivable from 21st century fox as the result of an agreement reached with the relevant tax authority with respect to certain employment taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense increase of $71 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense increased $23 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily as a result of an additional $78 million of depreciation and amortization expense due to the transaction. the increase was partially offset by lower depreciation expense of $60 million at the news and information services segment, primarily due to the write down of fixed assets at the u.k. and australian newspapers during fiscal 2017.
impairment and restructuring charges—during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, the company recorded restructuring charges of $71 million and $142 million, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits in the news and information services segment.
46
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company recognized total non-cash impairment charges of $785 million, primarily at news uk and news corp australia. the charges consisted of a write-down of the company’s fixed assets of $679 million, a write-down of intangible assets of $58 million and a write-down of goodwill of $48 million.
see note 5—restructuring programs, note 7—property, plant and equipment and note 8—goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates—equity losses of affiliates increased $711 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was primarily due to a $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel in the third quarter of fiscal 2018 due to lower-than-expected revenues from certain new products and broadcast subscribers. the increase was partially offset by the absence of the $227 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel during the second quarter of fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                 2017                      change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                            better/(worse)
foxtel(a)                               $(974       )         $(265      )         $(709       )                **
other equity affiliates, net(b)               (32   )              (30   )               (2    )                7%
total equity losses of affiliates       $(1,006     )         $(295      )         $(711       )                **
**   not meaningful

(a)   the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 include the write-downs discussed above. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

in accordance with accounting standards codification (“asc”) 350, “intangibles—goodwill and other” (“asc 350”), the company amortized $49 million and $68 million related to excess cost over the company’s proportionate share of its investment’s underlying net assets allocated to finite-lived intangible assets during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, respectively. such amortization is reflected in equity losses of affiliates in the statement of operations. the company began consolidating the results of foxtel in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 as a result of the transaction. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
(b)                                                  other equity affiliates, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 include losses primarily from the company’s interest in elara.
additionally, during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, the company recognized non-cash write-downs of $13 million and $9 million, respectively, on certain other equity method investments. the write-downs are reflected in equity losses of affiliates in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

interest, net—interest, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 decreased $46 million, as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to lower interest income due to the repayment of the foxtel shareholder note in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 (see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements), higher interest expense as a result of the transaction and the absence of an adjustment of the deferred consideration related to rea group’s acquisition of iproperty recognized in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. as a result of the transaction, the company recorded outstanding debt of approximately $1.8 billion. see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
47
other, net—other, net decreased $457 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. see note 21—additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax (expense) benefit—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $355 million and (33%), respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $28 million and (5%), respectively, for fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 the company recorded a tax expense of $355 million on pre-tax loss of $1,089 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $340 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs of approximately $1.3 billion, $88 million of lower tax benefits related to the $337 million loss for the settlement of the pre-existing contractual arrangement between fox sports australia and foxtel as a result of the transaction and a tax expense of $237 million related to the impact of the tax act, offset by a tax benefit of approximately $49 million related to the settlement of pre-separation tax matters with the internal revenue service.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 the company recorded a tax expense of $28 million on pre-tax loss of $615 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $139 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs in foreign jurisdictions of approximately $1 billion, a tax expense of approximately $63 million related to the settlement of a foreign tax audit and $40 million related to the recording of a valuation allowance against foreign net operating losses, offset by lower taxes on the sale of certain business assets.
net loss—net loss increased $801 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher equity losses of affiliates resulting from the $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel, the loss on the transaction, non-cash impairment charges of approximately $280 million mainly related to news america marketing and fox sports australia and the tax impacts discussed above in fiscal 2018 and the absence of the gain recognized on the sale of rea group’s european business in fiscal 2017, partially offset by the absence of the non-cash impairment charges of approximately $785 million primarily related to the write-down of fixed assets at the u.k. and australian newspapers and the $227 million non-cash write-down of the company’s investment in foxtel in the prior year period.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by $25 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to the absence of the gain recognized on the sale of rea group’s european business.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity losses of affiliates, interest, net, other, net, income tax (expense) benefit and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of and allocate resources within the company’s businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company’s business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors’ data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in
48
addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company’s financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company’s operations and other factors that affect the company’s reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company’s consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods. the following table reconciles net loss to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
(in millions)                          2018                      2017
net loss                                        $(1,444   )                   $(643   )
add:
income tax expense                                  355                          28
other, net                                          325                        (132   )
interest, net                                         7                         (39   )
equity losses of affiliates                       1,006                         295
impairment and restructuring charges                351                         927
depreciation and amortization                       472                         449
total segment ebitda                             $1,072                        $885
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                                          2017
segment                                         segment
(in millions)                          revenues                 ebitda                 revenues                 ebitda news and information services            $5,119                   $392                   $5,069                   $414
book publishing                           1,758                    244                    1,636                    199
digital real estate services              1,141                    401                      938                    324
subscription video services               1,004                    173                      494                    123
other                                         2                   (138   )                    2                   (175   )
total                                    $9,024                 $1,072                   $8,139                   $885
49
news and information services (57% and 62% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                    2017                          change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $2,532                   $2,608             $(76        )                (3)%
circulation and subscription                     2,115                    2,010             105                            5%
other                                              472                      451             21                             5%
total revenues                                   5,119                    5,069             50                             1%
operating expenses                              (2,934   )               (2,943   )         9                              **
selling, general and administrative             (1,793   )               (1,712   )               (81   )                (5)%
segment ebitda                                    $392                     $414             $(22        )                (5)%
**   —not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, revenues at the news and information services segment increased $50 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the revenue increase was primarily due to higher circulation and subscription revenues of $105 million as compared to the corresponding period of fiscal 2017, mainly due to cover price and subscription price increases, the $53 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, digital subscriber growth, primarily at the wall street journal and in australia, higher professional information business revenues at dow jones and the contribution from the acquisition of arm. these increases were partially offset by lower single-copy sales in the u.k., primarily at the sun, and in australia. advertising revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 decreased $76 million as compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market across mastheads and lower revenues at news america marketing of $75 million. these decreases were partially offset by the $47 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the $42 million and $38 million contributions from the acquisitions of wireless group and arm, respectively, and digital advertising growth, primarily in australia and the u.k. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $119 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, segment ebitda at the news and information services segment decreased $22 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the decrease was primarily due to the $12 million impact from the absence of the adjustment to reduce the deferred consideration accrual related to the acquisition of unruly in the prior year period.
dow jones revenues were $1,511 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, an increase of $32 million, or 2%, as compared to fiscal 2017 revenues of $1,479 million. circulation and subscription revenues increased $84 million, primarily due to the $56 million impact mainly from digital subscriber growth and subscription price increases at the wall street journal, as well as $28 million of higher professional information business revenues led by risk & compliance. advertising revenues decreased $55 million, primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market and the decision to cease the wall street journal’s international print editions in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
news corp australia revenues at the australian newspapers were $1,279 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, an increase of $8 million, or 1%, compared to fiscal 2017 revenues of $1,271 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $35 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. circulation and subscription revenues increased
50
$17 million due to the $13 million contribution from the acquisition of arm and the $12 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as cover price increases and digital subscriber growth were more than offset by the impact of print volume declines. advertising revenues decreased $11 million, primarily as a result of the $80 million impact of weakness in the print advertising market and the $8 million impact from the sale of perth sunday times in november 2016. these decreases were partially offset by the acquisition of arm, the $19 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and $18 million of digital advertising growth.
news uk revenues were $1,076 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, an increase of $39 million, or 4%, as compared to fiscal 2017 revenues of $1,037 million. advertising revenues increased $16 million, primarily due to the $19 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as weakness in the print advertising market more than offset digital advertising growth. circulation and subscription revenues increased $9 million, primarily due to the $32 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $15 million impact of cover price increases across mastheads, partially offset by the $36 million impact of single-copy volume declines, mainly at the sun. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $63 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing were $956 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, a decrease of $65 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2017 revenues of $1,021 million. the decrease was primarily related to lower home delivered revenues of $74 million, mainly due to lower volume and rate and lower custom publishing.
book publishing (19% and 20% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                    2017                             change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                        better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                        $1,664                   $1,573                   $91                      6%
other                                               94                       63                    31                     49%
total revenues                                   1,758                    1,636                   122                      7%
operating expenses                              (1,178   )               (1,124   )               (54   )                (5)%
selling, general and administrative               (336   )                 (313   )               (23   )                (7)%
segment ebitda                                    $244                     $199                   $45                     23%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, revenues at the book publishing segment increased $122 million, or 7%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase was mainly due to strong frontlist and backlist sales in the general books category, which increased $54 million, including the subtle art of not giving a f*ck by mark manson, magnolia table by joanna gaines, the pioneer woman cooks: come and get it! by ree drummond, the woman in the window by a.j. finn and hillbilly elegy by j.d. vance, $28 million from the sublicensing agreement for j.r.r tolkien’s the lord of the rings trilogy and the $25 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. digital sales increased 6% compared to the prior year period, driven by growth in downloadable audiobook sales, and represented 19% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $45 million, or 23%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase was primarily due to the higher revenues discussed above and the mix of titles as compared to the prior year.
51
digital real estate services (13% and 12% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                  2017                       change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $139                  $165             $(26         )                (16)%
circulation and subscription                      56                    58                     (2   )                 (3)%
real estate                                      858                   696             162                             23%
other                                             88                    19             69                               **
total revenues                                 1,141                   938             203                             22%
operating expenses                              (138   )              (120   )                (18   )                (15)%
selling, general and administrative             (602   )              (494   )               (108   )                (22)%
segment ebitda                                  $401                  $324             $77                             24%
**   —not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $203 million, or 22%, as compared to fiscal 2017. at rea group, revenues increased $141 million, or 27%, to $666 million in fiscal 2018 from $525 million in fiscal 2017. the higher revenues were primarily due to a $74 million increase in australian residential depth revenue, the $55 million contribution from the acquisition of smartline and the $18 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the $19 million impact resulting from the sale of rea group’s european business in december 2016. revenues at move increased $58 million, or 15%, to $452 million in fiscal 2018 from $394 million in fiscal 2017, primarily due to a $61 million increase in connectionssm for buyers product revenues driven by improvement in yield optimization and growth in leads and customers.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment increased $77 million, or 24%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in segment ebitda was the result of higher contributions from rea group and move of $71 million and $5 million, respectively, primarily due to the higher revenues noted above, partially offset by $50 million in higher costs associated with higher revenues, $43 million in broker commissions from the acquisition of smartline and $28 million of higher marketing costs, primarily at move, to drive audience growth.
subscription video services (11% and 6% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                  2017                           change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $127                   $86                    $41                    48%
circulation and subscription                     850                   402                    448                    **
other                                             27                     6                     21                    **
total revenues                                 1,004                   494                    510                    **
operating expenses                              (654   )              (341   )               (313   )                (92)%
selling, general and administrative             (177   )               (30   )               (147   )                **
segment ebitda                                  $173                  $123                    $50                    41%
**   —not meaningful

52
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, revenues at the subscription video services segment increased $510 million, as compared to fiscal 2017. the revenue increase was primarily due to the transaction, which contributed $461 million of revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $10 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. see the “results of operations—fiscal 2018 versus fiscal 2017 (pro forma)” section below for additional details.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, segment ebitda at the subscription video services segment increased $50 million, or 41%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in segment ebitda was due to the transaction.
results of operations—fiscal 2018 versus fiscal 2017 (pro forma)
the following supplemental unaudited pro forma information for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 reflect the company’s results of operations as if the transaction had occurred on july 1, 2016. the company believes that the presentation of this supplemental information enhances comparability across the reporting periods. the information was prepared in accordance with article 11 of regulation s-x and is based on historical results of operations of news corp and foxtel, adjusted for the effect of transaction-related accounting adjustments, as described below. pro forma adjustments were based on available information and assumptions regarding impacts that are directly attributable to the transaction, are factually supportable, and are expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results. however, these adjustments are subject to change as valuations are finalized. in addition, the pro forma information is provided for supplemental and informational purposes only, and is not necessarily indicative of what the company’s results of operations would have been, or the company’s future results of operations, had the transaction actually occurred on the date indicated. the unaudited pro forma information should be read in conjunction with other sections of this “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations”, as well as “selected financial data” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this annual report.
53
pro forma (unaudited)
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018
news                               foxtel             transaction                    pro corp                        historical(b)             adjustments                    forma historical(a)
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues:
advertising                                                        $2,799                               $141                      $—                    $2,940
circulation and subscription                                                 3,021                     1,638                    (278   )(c)(d)                 4,381
consumer                                                                     1,664                         —                       —                           1,664
real estate                                                        858                                     —                       —                    858
other                                                              682                                    39                       —                    721
total revenues                                                               9,024                     1,818                    (278   )                      10,564
operating expenses                                                          (4,903   )                (1,136   )                 291   (c)(e)                 (5,748   )
selling, general and administrative                                         (3,049   )                  (340   )                  17   (f)                    (3,372   )
depreciation and amortization                                                 (472   )                  (187   )                 (17   )(g)(h)(i)               (676   )
impairment and restructuring charges                                          (351   )                    (5   )                (957   )(j)                   (1,313   )
equity losses of affiliates                                                 (1,006   )                     5                     974   (j)                       (27   )
interest, net                                                                   (7   )                   (76   )                   —                             (83   )
other, net                                                                    (325   )                    (2   )                 337   (k)              10
(loss) income before income tax expense                                     (1,089   )                    77                     367                            (645   )
income tax expense                                                            (355   )                   (13   )                  (5   )(l)                     (373   )
net loss (income)                                                           (1,444   )                    64                     362                          (1,018   )
less: net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests               (70   )                     1                     (27   )(m)                      (96   )
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation                 $(1,514           )                   $65                    $335                    $(1,114        )
basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share:
net loss available to news corporation stockholders per share      $(2.60            )                                                                  $(1.92         )
54
pro forma (unaudited)
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017
news                    foxtel           transaction                      pro corp             historical(b)           adjustments                      forma historical(a)
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues:
advertising                                                                 $2,860                      $196           $—                               $3,056
circulation and subscription                                                 2,470                     2,156                   (359    )(c)(d)                 4,267
consumer                                                                     1,573                         —                   —                               1,573
real estate                                                                    696                         —                   —                        696
other                                                                          540                        59                   —                        599
total revenues                                                               8,139                     2,411                   (359    )                      10,191
operating expenses                                                          (4,529   )                (1,382   )       367             (c)(e)                 (5,544   )
selling, general and administrative                                         (2,725   )                  (461   )               —                              (3,186   )
depreciation and amortization                                                 (449   )                  (215   )               (47     )(g)(h)(i)               (711   )
impairment and restructuring charges                                          (927   )                   (63   )               (227    )(j)                   (1,217   )
equity losses of affiliates                                                   (295   )                   (52   )       265             (j)                       (82   )
interest, net                                                                   39                      (161   )               —                                (122   )
other, net                                                                     132                         —                   —                        132
(loss) income before income tax expense                                       (615   )                    77                   (1      )                        (539   )
income tax expense                                                             (28   )                   (18   )       15              (l)                       (31   )
net (loss) income                                                             (643   )                    59           14                                       (570   )
less: net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests               (95   )                     1                   (31     )(m)                     (125   )
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation                           $(738   )                   $60           $(17            )                $(695          )
basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share:
net loss available to news corporation stockholders per share               $(1.27   )                                                                  $(1.20         )
notes to the unaudited proforma statements:
(a)   reflects the historical results of operations of news corporation. as the acquisition of a controlling interest in foxtel was completed on april 3,
2018, foxtel is reflected in our historical statement of operations from april 3, 2018 onwards.

(b)                                                      reflects the historical results of operations of foxtel to the date of the transaction. from april 3, 2018 onwards, foxtel is included in the historical results of operations of news corporation. the statements of operations of foxtel are derived from its historical financial statements for the nine months ended march 31, 2018 and the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. these statements of operations for the nine months ended march 31, 2018 and the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 reflect foxtel’s statements of operations on a u.s. gaap basis and translated from australian dollars to u.s. dollars, the reporting currency of the combined group, using the quarterly average rates for each period presented. additionally, certain balances within foxtel’s historical financial information were reclassified to be consistent with the company’s presentation.

(c)   represents the impact of eliminating transactions between foxtel and the consolidated subsidiaries of news corporation, which would be eliminated upon consolidation as a result of the transaction.

(d)   reflects the reversal of revenue recognized in foxtel’s historical statements of operations resulting from the fair value adjustment of foxtel’s historical deferred installation revenue in the preliminary purchase price allocation for the transaction.

(e)   reflects the adjustment to amortization of program inventory recognized in foxtel’s historical statements of operations related to the fair value adjustment of foxtel’s historical program inventory in the preliminary purchase price allocation.

55
(f)                           reflects the removal of transaction expenses directly related to the transaction that are included in news corp’s historical statements of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. these costs are considered to be non-recurring in nature, and as such, have been excluded from the pro forma statement of operations.

(g)   reflects the adjustment to amortization expense resulting from the recognition of amortizable intangible assets in the preliminary purchase price allocation.

(h)   reflects the adjustment to depreciation and amortization expense resulting from the fair value adjustment to foxtel’s historical fixed assets in the preliminary purchase price allocation, which resulted in a step-up in the value of such assets.

(i)                                 reflects the reversal of amortization expense included in news corp’s historical statements of operations from the company’s settlement of its pre-existing contractual arrangement between foxtel and fox sports australia, which resulted in a write-off of its channel distribution agreement intangible asset at the time of the transaction.

(j)                                                  represents the impact to equity losses of affiliates as a result of the transaction, as if the transaction occurred on july 1, 2016. historically news corp accounted for its investment in foxtel under the equity method of accounting. as a result of the transaction, foxtel became a majority-owned subsidiary of the company, and therefore, the impact of foxtel on the company’s historical equity losses of affiliates was eliminated. in addition, news corp previously recorded certain impairments to its investment in foxtel within equity losses of affiliates which are reflected in news corp’s historical results. as these impairments are not directly attributable to the transaction, such amounts have not been eliminated and have been reclassified in the pro forma statement of operations from equity losses of affiliates into impairment and restructuring charges.

(k)                                                 represents the write-off recorded as a result of the effective settlement of the channel distribution agreement between fox sports australia and foxtel as a result of the transaction as well as other costs directly attributable to the transaction. the write-off of the intangible asset related to this agreement and other associated costs are considered transaction costs directly attributable to the transaction that were incurred in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018.

(l)                                                  in determining the tax rate to apply to our pro forma adjustments we used the australian statutory rate of 30%, which is the jurisdiction in which the business operates. however, in certain instances, the effective tax rate applied to adjustments differs from the statutory rate primarily as a result of certain valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, based on the company’s historical tax profile in australia.

(m)   represents the adjustment, as a result of the transaction, to reflect the noncontrolling interest of the combined company on a pro forma basis.

56
the following table sets forth the company’s unaudited pro forma operating results for fiscal 2018 and 2017.
pro forma (unaudited)
for the fiscal year ended june 30,
2018                   2017                           change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                            better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                                           $2,940                 $3,056                $(116   )                 (4)%
circulation and subscription                                           4,381                  4,267                  114                       3%
consumer                                                               1,664                  1,573                   91                       6%
real estate                                                              858                    696                  162                      23%
other                                                                    721                    599                  122                      20%
total revenues                                                        10,564                 10,191                  373                       4%
operating expenses                                                    (5,748   )             (5,544   )             (204   )                 (4)%
selling, general and administrative                                   (3,372   )             (3,186   )             (186   )                 (6)%
depreciation and amortization                                           (676   )               (711   )               35                       5%
impairment and restructuring charges                                  (1,313   )             (1,217   )              (96   )                 (8)%
equity losses of affiliates                                              (27   )                (82   )               55                      67%
interest, net                                                            (83   )               (122   )               39                      32%
other, net                                                                10                    132                 (122   )                (92)%
loss before income tax expense                                          (645   )               (539   )             (106   )                (20)%
income tax expense                                                      (373   )                (31   )             (342   )                   **
net loss                                                              (1,018   )               (570   )             (448   )                (79)%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (96   )               (125   )               29                      23%
net loss attributable to news corporation                            $(1,114   )              $(695   )            $(419   )                (60)%
**   not meaningful

revenues (pro forma)—revenues increased $373 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the revenue increase was primarily attributable to higher revenues of $203 million at the digital real estate services segment, mainly due to increased revenues at both rea group and move, and $122 million at the book publishing segment as a result of strong frontlist and backlist sales in the general books category and $28 million from the sublicensing agreement for j.r.r. tolkien’s the lord of the rings trilogy. news and information services segment revenues increased $50 million primarily due to higher circulation and subscription revenues of $105 million primarily due to cover price and subscription price increases, the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and digital subscriber growth, partially offset by lower advertising revenues of $76 million primarily due to weakness in the print advertising market across mastheads and lower revenues at news america marketing of $75 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue increase of $244 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
operating expenses (pro forma)—operating expenses increased $204 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was mainly due to higher operating expenses at the subscription video services segment of $143 million primarily resulting from higher sports programming rights costs and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the book publishing segment also contributed $54 million to the increase primarily due to higher costs associated with higher revenues and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense increase of $123 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
selling, general and administrative expenses (pro forma)—selling, general and administrative expenses increased $186 million, or 6%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses of $108 million at the
57
digital real estate services segment primarily due to higher costs associated with higher revenues, the acquisition of smartline and increased marketing costs at move. the increase was also attributable to higher expenses of $81 million at the news and information services segment primarily related to higher compensation and marketing costs, the $55 million increase from foreign currency fluctuations, as well as the absence of a $12 million adjustment to reduce the deferred consideration accrual related to the acquisition of unruly which did not recur in the current year period. these increases were partially offset by the $46 million impact from the reversal of a portion of the previously accrued liability for the u.k. newspaper matters and the corresponding receivable from 21st century fox as the result of an agreement reached with the relevant tax authority with respect to certain employment taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense increase of $89 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
depreciation and amortization (pro forma)—depreciation and amortization expense decreased $35 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to lower depreciation expense of $60 million at the news and information services segment, primarily due to the write-down of fixed assets at the u.k. and australian newspapers during fiscal 2017. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense increase of $79 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.
impairment and restructuring charges (pro forma)—during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, the company recorded restructuring charges of $76 million and $151 million, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits in the news and information services segment.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company recognized non-cash impairment charges of $1,237 million primarily related to the $957 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of its investment in foxtel and $280 million primarily related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at the news america marketing reporting unit and impairment of goodwill at the fox sports australia reporting unit.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company recognized total non-cash impairment charges of $1,066 million primarily at news uk and news corp australia. the charges consisted of a write-down of the company’s fixed assets of $679 million, a write-down of intangible assets of $58 million and a write-down of goodwill of $48 million. the company also recognized a $227 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of its investment in foxtel and $53 million related to foxtel management’s decision to cease presto operations in fiscal 2017.
see note 5—restructuring programs, see note 6—investments, note 7—property, plant and equipment and note 8—goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity losses of affiliates (pro forma)—equity losses of affiliates improved $55 million to ($27) million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 from ($82) million in fiscal 2017. the decrease in losses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was primarily due to the absence of losses from the company’s interest in ten network holdings (“ten”).
included within losses of affiliates in fiscal 2017 was a $58 million write-down of foxtel’s investment in ten. during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, foxtel was deemed to have significant influence over its investment in ten. as a result, foxtel was required to treat its investment in ten as an equity investment. foxtel elected the fair value option under asc 825, “financial instruments” (“asc 825”) and adjusted the carrying value of the ten investment to fair value each reporting period. although foxtel ceased to have significant influence in ten during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, it continued to adjust the carrying value of the ten investment to fair value each reporting period due to its election of the fair value option under asc 825.
58
during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017, the company recognized non-cash impairments of $13 million and $9 million on certain other equity method investments, respectively. the impairments are reflected in equity losses of affiliates in the statement of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
interest, net (pro forma)—interest, net decreased $39 million, or 32%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to lower interest expense from the repayment of the foxtel shareholder note in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, partially offset by the absence of an adjustment of the deferred consideration related to rea group’s acquisition of iproperty recognized in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
other, net (pro forma)—other, net decreased $122 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily related to the absence of the $107 million gain recognized in the prior fiscal year related to rea group’s sale of its european business.
income tax (expense) benefit (pro forma)—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 were $373 million and (58%), respectively, as compared to an income tax expense and effective tax rate of $31 million and (6%), respectively, for fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 the company recorded a tax expense of $373 million on pre-tax loss of $645 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $340 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs of approximately $1.3 billion and a tax expense of $237 million related to the impact of the tax act, offset by a tax benefit of approximately $49 million related to the settlement of pre-separation tax matters with the internal revenue service.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 the company recorded a tax expense of $31 million on pre-tax loss of $539 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $139 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs in foreign jurisdictions of approximately $1 billion, a tax expense of approximately $63 million related to the settlement of a foreign tax audit and $40 million related to the recording of a valuation allowance against foreign net operating losses, offset by lower taxes on the sale of certain business assets.
net loss (pro forma)—net loss increased $448 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 primarily due to the tax impacts discussed above and lower other, net primarily due to the absence of the gain recognized on the sale of rea group’s european business.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (pro forma)—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by $29 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily due to the absence of the gain recognized on the sale of rea group’s european business.
59
segment analysis (pro forma)
the following table reconciles pro forma net loss to pro forma total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017:
pro forma for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                      2017
(in millions, except %)
pro forma net loss                              $(1,018   )                    $(570   )
add:
income tax expense                                  373                           31
other, net                                          (10   )                     (132   )
interest, net                                        83                          122
equity losses of affiliates                          27                           82
impairment and restructuring charges              1,313                        1,217
depreciation and amortization                       676                          711
pro forma total segment ebitda                   $1,444                       $1,461
pro forma for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                                       2017
(in millions)                          revenues              segment               revenues              segment ebitda                                      ebitda news and information services            $5,119                 $392                 $5,069                 $414
book publishing                           1,758                  244                  1,636                  199
digital real estate services              1,141                  401                    938                  324
subscription video services               2,544                  545                  2,546                  699
other                                         2                 (138   )                  2                 (175   )
total                                   $10,564               $1,444                $10,191               $1,461
subscription video services (pro forma) (24% and 25% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively)
pro forma for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                  2017                      change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                      $268                  $282           $(14         )                 (5)%
circulation and subscription                    2,210                 2,199           11                               1%
other                                              66                    65           1                                2%
total revenues                                  2,544                 2,546                 (2     )                   **
operating expenses                             (1,499   )            (1,356   )             (143   )                (11)%
selling, general and administrative              (500   )              (491   )             (9     )                 (2)%
segment ebitda                                   $545                  $699           $(154        )                (22)%
**   not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, revenues at the subscription video services segment decreased $2 million as compared to fiscal 2017. the revenue decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues,
60
as lower subscription revenues resulting from subscriber mix were more than offset by the $82 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, segment ebitda at the subscription video services segment decreased $154 million, or 22%, as compared to fiscal 2017. the decrease in segment ebitda was primarily due to the lower revenues discussed above and higher sports programming costs, primarily for the national rugby league and australian football league and third party transition costs of $10 million.
results of operations—fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2016
the following table sets forth the company’s operating results for fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                    2016                              change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                                                   better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                                                              $2,860                   $3,025                  $(165   )                (5)%
circulation and subscription                                                              2,470                    2,569                    (99   )                (4)%
consumer                                                                                  1,573                    1,578                     (5   )                **
real estate                                                                                 696                      619                     77                    12%
other                                                                                       540                      501                     39                    8%
total revenues                                                                            8,139                    8,292                   (153   )                (2)%
operating expenses                                                                       (4,529   )               (4,728   )                199                    4%
selling, general and administrative                                                      (2,725   )               (2,722   )                 (3   )                **
nam group and zillow settlements, net                                                         —                     (158   )                158                    **
depreciation and amortization                                                              (449   )                 (505   )                 56                    11%
impairment and restructuring charges                                                       (927   )                  (89   )               (838   )                **
equity (losses) earnings of affiliates                                                     (295   )                   30                   (325   )                **
interest, net                                                                                39                       43                     (4   )                (9)%
other, net                                                                                  132                       18                    114                    **
(loss) income from continuing operations before income tax (expense) benefit               (615   )                  181                   (796   )                **
income tax (expense) benefit                                                                (28   )                   54                    (82   )                **
(loss) income from continuing operations                                                   (643   )                  235                   (878   )                **
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                        —                       15                    (15   )                **
net (loss) income                                                                          (643   )                  250                   (893   )                **
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                   (95   )                  (71   )                (24   )                (34)%
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation                                        $(738   )                 $179                  $(917   )                **
**   not meaningful

revenues—revenues decreased $153 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the revenue decrease was mainly due to a decrease in revenues at the news and information services segment of $269 million, primarily resulting from weakness in the print advertising market across mastheads, the $143 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $77 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017. the revenue decrease was partially offset by the acquisitions of wireless group and arm which contributed $74 million and $61 million in revenues, respectively. the decrease in the news and information services segment was partially offset by increased revenues at the digital real estate services segment of $116 million, primarily as a result of higher revenues at both rea group and move.
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies and the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 resulted in revenue decreases of $147 million and $112 million, respectively, for the fiscal
61
year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the company calculates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations for businesses reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar by multiplying the results for each quarter in the current period by the difference between the average exchange rate for that quarter and the average exchange rate in effect during the corresponding quarter of the prior year and totaling the impact for all quarters in the current period.
operating expenses—operating expenses decreased $199 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was mainly due to a decrease in operating expenses at the news and information services segment of $199 million, primarily as a result of the impact of cost savings initiatives and lower newsprint, production, and distribution costs and a $74 million positive impact from foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by higher costs of $75 million associated with the acquisitions of arm and wireless group. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $59 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
selling, general and administrative expenses—selling, general and administrative expenses increased $3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses at the news and information services segment of $10 million, mainly due to $56 million in higher costs associated with the acquisitions of wireless group and arm, and $19 million in higher costs at news america marketing, primarily due to a $12 million increase in investment spending at checkout 51, partially offset by the $63 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the increase was also attributable to a one-time corporate charge of $11 million associated with a change in the company’s executive management in february 2017. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense decrease of $87 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
nam group and zillow settlements, net—during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, the company recognized one-time costs of approximately $280 million in connection with the settlement of certain litigation and related claims at news america marketing and a one-time gain of $122 million in connection with the settlement of litigation with zillow, inc. (“zillow”). the gain reflects settlement proceeds received from zillow of $130 million, less $8 million paid to the national association of realtors® (“nar”). see note 16—commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense decreased $56 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to the write-down of fixed assets at the australian newspapers in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense decrease of $9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
impairment and restructuring charges—during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 and 2016, the company recorded restructuring charges of $142 million and $89 million, respectively.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company recognized total impairment charges of $785 million, primarily at news uk and news corp australia. the total charges consisted of a write-down of the company’s fixed assets of $679 million, a write-down of intangible assets of $58 million and a write-down of goodwill of $48 million.
see note 5—restructuring programs, note 7—property, plant and equipment and note 8—goodwill and other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
equity (losses) earnings of affiliates—equity (losses) earnings of affiliates decreased $325 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily as a result of the $227 million non-cash
62
write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel to fair value and lower net income at foxtel. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                2016                     change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
foxtel(a)                                          $(265      )             $38             $(303       )                **
other equity affiliates(b)                              (30   )              (8   )               (22   )                **
total equity (losses) earnings of affiliates       $(295      )             $30             $(325       )                **
**   not meaningful

(a)                                                                 during the second quarter of fiscal 2017, the company recognized a $227 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of its investment in foxtel to fair value. the write-down is reflected in equity (losses) earnings of affiliates in the statements of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

in accordance with accounting standards codification (“asc”) 350, “intangibles—goodwill and other” (“asc 350”), the company amortized $68 million and $52 million related to excess cost over the company’s proportionate share of its investment’s underlying net assets allocated to finite-lived intangible assets during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. such amortization is reflected in equity (losses) earnings of affiliates in the statements of operations. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the increase in amortization expense recognized by the company in fiscal 2017 resulted from a corresponding decrease in amortization expense recognized by foxtel as certain intangible assets were fully amortized in fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, foxtel revenues increased $32 million, or 1%, as a result of the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as revenues decreased 2% in local currency due to lower subscribers. operating income decreased $20 million, primarily due to planned increases in programming spend and the lower revenues noted above, partially offset by lower depreciation costs and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. net income decreased $121 million, mainly due to $58 million in losses associated with the change in the fair value of foxtel’s investment in ten network holdings (“ten”) and losses of $53 million associated with presto, primarily resulting from foxtel management’s decision to cease presto operations in january 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, foxtel was deemed to have significant influence over its investment in ten. as a result, foxtel was required to treat its investment in ten as an equity method investment. foxtel elected the fair value option under asc 825, “financial instruments” (“asc 825”) and adjusts the carrying value of the ten investment to fair value each reporting period. although foxtel ceased to have significant influence in ten during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, it will continue to adjust the carrying value of the ten investment to fair value each reporting period due to its election of the fair value option under asc 825. this adjustment will be recorded as a component of foxtel’s net income.
(b)                                                         other equity affiliates, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 includes losses primarily from the company’s interest in elara.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the company recognized impairments of $9 million on certain other equity method investments. the impairments are reflected in equity (losses) earnings of affiliates in the statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017. see note 6—investments in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

interest, net—interest, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 decreased $4 million, or 9%, as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to higher interest expense associated with the rea facility. see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
63
other, net—other, net increased $114 million for the fiscal year ended 2017 as compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016. see note 21—additional financial information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income tax (expense) benefit—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 were $28 million and (5%), respectively, as compared to an income tax benefit and effective tax rate of $54 million and (30%), respectively, for fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 the company recorded a tax expense of $28 million on pre-tax loss of $615 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to $139 million of lower tax benefits on impairments and write-downs in foreign jurisdictions of approximately $1 billion, a tax expense of approximately $63 million related to the settlement of a foreign tax audit and $40 million related to the recording of valuation allowance against foreign net operating losses, offset by lower taxes on the sale of certain business assets.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, the company recorded a tax benefit of $54 million on pre-tax income of $181 million resulting in an effective tax rate that was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate. the lower tax rate was primarily due to a tax benefit of approximately $106 million related to the release of previously established valuation allowances related to certain u.s. federal net operating losses and state deferred tax assets. this benefit was recognized in conjunction with management’s plan to dispose of the company’s digital education business in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, as the company now expects to generate sufficient u.s. taxable income to utilize these deferred tax assets prior to expiration. in addition, the effective tax rate was also impacted by the $29 million non-taxable gain resulting from the revaluation of rea group’s previously held equity interest in iproperty. see note 19—income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax—for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company did not recognize any income from discontinued operations as the operations of the digital education business were discontinued during fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, the company recorded income from discontinued operations, net of tax, of $15 million. the income recognized in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the impact of a $144 million tax benefit recognized upon reclassification of the digital education segment to discontinued operations, a tax benefit of $30 million related to the operations for the period and lower operating losses as a result of the sale of amplify insight and amplify learning, which more than offset the pre-tax non-cash impairment charge recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 of $76 million and $17 million in severance and lease termination charges recognized in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. see note 4—discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
net (loss) income—net (loss) income decreased $893 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 primarily due to non-cash impairment charges of approximately $785 million, mainly related to the write-down of fixed assets at the u.k. and australian newspapers, higher equity losses of affiliates, primarily due to the $227 million non-cash write-down of the carrying value of the company’s investment in foxtel to fair value, the absence of the one-time gain of $122 million in connection with the settlement of litigation with zillow, and the tax benefit related to the release of valuation allowances and income from discontinued operations recognized in fiscal 2016 which did not recur in fiscal 2017, partially offset by the absence of the $280 million nam group settlement charge in the prior year and higher other, net.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased by $24 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016, due to the gain on the sale of rea group’s european business.
64
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses and excluding impact from the nam group and zillow legal settlements. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity (losses) earnings of affiliates, interest, net, other, net, income tax (expense) benefit and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. segment ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of segment ebitda.
segment ebitda is the primary measure used by the company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of and allocate resources within the company’s businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze the operating performance of each of the company’s business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors’ data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net (loss) income, cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company’s financial performance. the company believes that the presentation of total segment ebitda provides useful information regarding the company’s operations and other factors that affect the company’s reported results. specifically, the company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as impairment and restructuring charges and depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures and changes in tax positions or regimes, the company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its core operations as well as the factors that affect reported results between periods but which the company believes are not representative of its core business. as a result, users of the company’s consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the core operating results of the company across different periods. the following table reconciles net loss to total segment ebitda for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                     2016
(in millions)
net (loss) income                                $(643   )                    $235
add:
income tax expense                                  28                         (54   )
other, net                                        (132   )                     (18   )
interest, net                                      (39   )                     (43   )
equity losses of affiliates                        295                         (30   )
impairment and restructuring charges               927                          89
depreciation and amortization                      449                         505
total segment ebitda                              $885                        $684
65
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                                          2016
revenues                segment                 revenues                segment ebitda                                          ebitda
(in millions)
news and information services            $5,069                   $414                   $5,338                   $214
book publishing                           1,636                    199                    1,646                    185
digital real estate services                938                    324                      822                    344
subscription video services                 494                    123                      484                    124
other                                         2                   (175   )                    2                   (183   )
total                                    $8,139                   $885                   $8,292                   $684
news and information services (62% and 64% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                    2016                          change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $2,608                   $2,810             $(202        )                (7)%
circulation and subscription                     2,010                    2,107                    (97   )                (5)%
other                                              451                      421             30                              7%
total revenues                                   5,069                    5,338                   (269   )                (5)%
operating expenses                              (2,943   )               (3,142   )         199                             6%
selling, general and administrative             (1,712   )               (1,702   )                (10   )                (1)%
nam group settlement                                 —                     (280   )         280                             **
segment ebitda                                    $414                     $214             $200                           93%
**—not meaningful for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, revenues at the news and information services segment decreased $269 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the revenue decrease was mainly due to lower advertising revenues of $202 million as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily resulting from weakness in the print advertising market across mastheads, the $33 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, the $28 million negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations and lower advertising revenues of $16 million from the perth sunday times which was sold in november 2016. these decreases were partially offset by the acquisitions of wireless group and arm, which contributed $63 million and $42 million of advertising revenues, respectively. circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 decreased $97 million as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to the $88 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $39 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, which more than offset higher circulation and subscription revenues at dow jones. other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 increased $30 million as compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to higher brand partnership revenues in the u.k. of $14 million, higher third-party printing revenues in australia of $10 million and the acquisitions of wireless group and unruly, which contributed $11 million and $8 million, respectively, to the increase. these increases were partially offset by the $27 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies and the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 resulted in revenue decreases of $143 million and $77 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, segment ebitda at the news and information services segment increased $200 million, or 93%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the increase was primarily due to the absence of the $280 million nam group settlement charge in the prior year and the $12 million impact of an adjustment to the deferred consideration accrual related to the acquisition of unruly. these factors were partially offset by lower
66
contributions from news corp australia, news uk and dow jones of $44 million, $36 million and $22 million, respectively, primarily due to the impact of lower advertising revenues as discussed above, partially offset by the impact of cost savings initiatives and lower newsprint, production, editorial and distribution costs.
news corp australia revenues at the australian newspapers were $1,271 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, a decrease of $21 million, or 2%, compared to fiscal 2016 revenues of $1,292 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies and the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 resulted in a revenue increase of $43 million, or 3%, and a revenue decrease of $21 million, or 2%, respectively, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. advertising revenues decreased $46 million, primarily as a result of the $94 million impact of weakness in the print advertising market, lower advertising revenues of $16 million from the perth sunday times, which was sold in november 2016, and the $14 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017. these decreases were partially offset by the acquisition of arm, which contributed $42 million to advertising revenues, and the $25 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. circulation and subscription revenues increased $7 million due to the $14 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and $13 million from the acquisition of arm, partially offset by lower circulation and subscription revenues of $10 million primarily from the perth sunday times and the $7 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, as price increases and digital subscriber growth were offset by print volume declines. other revenues increased $18 million primarily due to higher third-party printing revenues.
news uk revenues were $1,037 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, a decrease of $244 million, or 19%, as compared to fiscal 2016 revenues of $1,281 million. advertising revenues decreased $114 million, primarily due to the $52 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $51 million impact from weakness in the print advertising. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $111 million, primarily due to the $96 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $13 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017, as the $33 million impact of single-copy volume declines, primarily at the sun, was offset by the $32 million impact of cover price increases across the sun and the times. other revenues decreased $19 million due to the $29 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, which more than offset higher brand partnership revenues. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies and the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 resulted in revenue decreases of $177 million and $21 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
dow jones revenues were $1,479 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, a decrease of $91 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2016 revenues of $1,570 million. advertising revenues decreased $103 million, primarily due to the $95 million impact of weakness in the print advertising market. circulation and subscription revenues increased $9 million, primarily due to the $38 million impact of price increases and volume growth at the wall street journal, partially offset by the $19 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 and the $6 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as professional information business revenues were relatively flat compared to fiscal 2016. the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017 and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in revenue decreases of $26 million and $6 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing were $1,021 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, an increase of $9 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2016 revenues of $1,012 million. the increase was primarily due to
67
higher other revenues of $9 million related to certain merchandising products. advertising revenues were flat, as higher domestic in-store product revenues of $42 million and certain other increases were offset by lower home delivered revenues, which include free-standing insert products, of $51 million.
book publishing (20% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2017 and 2016)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                    2016                          change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                        $1,573                   $1,578             $(5         )                  **
other                                               63                       68                    (5   )                (7)%
total revenues                                   1,636                    1,646                   (10   )                (1)%
operating expenses                              (1,124   )               (1,145   )         21                             2%
selling, general and administrative               (313   )                 (316   )         3                              1%
segment ebitda                                    $199                     $185             $14                            8%
**—not meaningful for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, revenues at the book publishing segment decreased $10 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease was mainly due to the absence of $42 million in sales of go set a watchman by harper lee, the $34 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the $19 million impact from the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017. these decreases were partially offset by strong frontlist and backlist sales in the general books category, which increased $43 million, including hillbilly elegy by j.d. vance, and in the christian publishing category, which increased $24 million, including the magnolia story by chip and joanna gaines and jesus calling and jesus always by sarah young, as well as the $25 million impact of the continued expansion of harpercollins’ global footprint. digital sales represented 19% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 and were flat as compared to fiscal 2016.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $14 million, or 8%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the increase was primarily due to the mix of titles as compared to the prior year.
digital real estate services (12% and 10% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                 2016                           change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                    better/(worse)
revenues advertising                                    $165                  $133                    $32                      24%
circulation and subscription                     58                    64                     (6   )                 (9)%
real estate                                     696                   619                     77                      12%
other                                            19                     6                     13                       **
total revenues                                  938                   822                    116                      14%
operating expenses                             (120   )              (102   )                (18   )                (18)%
selling, general and administrative            (494   )              (498   )                  4                       1%
zillow settlement                                 —                   122                   (122   )                   **
segment ebitda                                 $324                  $344                   $(20   )                 (6)%
**—not meaningful for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $116 million, or 14%, as compared to fiscal 2016. at rea group, revenues increased $66 million, or 14%, to
68
$525 million in fiscal 2017 from $459 million in fiscal 2016, primarily due to a $45 million increase in australian residential depth revenue and the $18 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by an $18 million decrease resulting from the sale of rea group’s european business in december 2016. revenues at move increased $37 million, or 10%, to $394 million in fiscal 2017 from $357 million in fiscal 2016, primarily due to a $38 million increase in connectionssm for buyers product revenues and a $12 million increase in non-listing media revenues, partially offset by the $12 million impact of lower revenues from tigerlead® , which was sold in november 2016. the acquisition of diakrit also contributed $13 million to the revenue increase for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment decreased $20 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease in segment ebitda was the result of the $63 million lower contribution from move, primarily due to the absence of the $122 million gain recognized in connection with the settlement of litigation with zillow in fiscal 2016 and $11 million of increased marketing costs to drive traffic growth and brand awareness, partially offset by the higher revenues noted above and the absence of $36 million of legal costs, primarily related to the zillow litigation. the decrease was partially offset by the $46 million higher contribution from rea group, primarily due to the higher revenues noted above, the $11 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the absence of $12 million of costs associated with rea group’s european business, which was disposed of in fiscal 2017, partially offset by $16 million in higher costs associated with higher revenues and $14 million in higher costs related to the acquisition of iproperty.
subscription video services (6% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2017 and 2016)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2017                 2016                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $86                   $81             $5                              6%
circulation and subscription                    402                   398             4                               1%
other                                             6                     5             1                              20%
total revenues                                  494                   484             10                              2%
operating expenses                             (341   )              (336   )                (5   )                 (1)%
selling, general and administrative             (30   )               (24   )                (6   )                (25)%
segment ebitda                                 $123                  $124             $(1         )                 (1)%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, revenues at the subscription video services segment increased $10 million, or 2% as compared to fiscal 2016. the revenue increase was primarily due to the acquisition of anc, which contributed $20 million of revenue in fiscal 2017 and the $12 million positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations. these increases were partially offset by lower affiliate revenues of $11 million at fox sports australia and the $10 million impact of the absence of the 53rd week in fiscal 2017.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, segment ebitda at the subscription video services segment decreased $1 million, or 1%, as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease in segment ebitda was due to the $3 million negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations as the impact of lower revenues at fox sports australia were offset by lower programming rights costs.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company’s principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2018, the company’s cash and cash equivalents were $2,034 million. the company expects these
69
elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs in the foreseeable future, including repayment of indebtedness. the company also has available borrowing capacity under the facility (as defined below) and certain other facilities, as described below, and expects to have access to the worldwide credit and capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue additional debt if needed or desired. although the company believes that its cash on hand and future cash from operations, together with its access to the credit and capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the performance of the company and/or its operating subsidiaries, as applicable, (ii) the company’s credit rating or absence of a credit rating and/or the credit rating of its operating subsidiaries, as applicable, (iii) the provisions of any relevant debt instruments, credit agreements, indentures and similar or associated documents, (iv) the liquidity of the overall credit and capital markets and (v) the current state of the economy. there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the credit and capital markets on acceptable terms. see part i, “item 1a. risk factors” for further discussion.
as of june 30, 2018, the company’s consolidated assets included $887 million in cash and cash equivalents that were held by its foreign subsidiaries. $86 million of this amount is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group’s cash balance. the company earns income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign jurisdictions. the company does not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. should the company require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by and/or available to its domestic operations, the company could elect to transfer funds held in foreign jurisdictions. the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may be cumbersome due to local regulations, foreign exchange controls and taxes. additionally, the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and higher cash paid for income taxes for the company. the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017. as part of the transition to the new partial territorial tax system, the tax act imposes a one-time tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of earnings of the company’s foreign subsidiaries. it is estimated that the deemed repatriation tax will be approximately $26 million, which was recorded to income tax expense. the estimate may change, possibly materially, due to among other things, further refinement of the company’s calculations, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, guidance that may be issued and actions the company may take as a result of the tax act.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company’s liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs and paper purchases; capital expenditures; income tax payments; investments in associated entities and acquisitions. in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible future acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company’s securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities in may 2013, the company’s board of directors (the “board of directors”) authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $500 million of its class a common stock. no stock repurchases were made during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018. through august 7, 2018, the company cumulatively repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares of class a common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $71 million. the remaining authorized amount under the stock repurchase program as of august 7, 2018 was approximately $429 million. all decisions regarding any future stock repurchases are at the sole discretion of a duly appointed committee of the board of directors and management. the committee’s decisions regarding future stock repurchases will be evaluated from time to time in light of many factors, including the company’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the committee may deem relevant. the stock repurchase authorization may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time by the board of directors and the board of directors cannot provide any assurances that any additional shares will be repurchased.
70
dividends in august 2017, the board of directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.10 per share for class a common stock and class b common stock. this dividend was paid on october 18, 2017 to stockholders of record at the close of business on september 13, 2017. in february 2018, the board of directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.10 per share for class a common stock and class b common stock. this dividend was paid on april 18, 2018 to stockholders of record as of march 14, 2018. the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders, if any, is within the discretion of the board of directors. the board of directors’ decisions regarding the payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including the company’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, market volatility and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant.
sources and uses of cash—fiscal 2018 versus fiscal 2017
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                    2018          2017
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations          $757          $499
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased by $258 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. the increase was primarily due to the absence of nam group’s settlement payments of $256 million made during fiscal 2017 which did not recur during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, higher total segment ebitda and lower restructuring payments of $61 million, partially offset by higher working capital primarily related to higher revenues and reversal of a portion of the previously accrued net liability related to the u.k. newspaper matters as a result of an agreement reached with the relevant tax authority and certain timing related items, as well as higher net tax payments of $30 million.
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                2018              2017
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations       $(321     )       $(105     )
the company had net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations of $321 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations of $105 million for fiscal 2017. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company used $364 million of cash for capital expenditures which included approximately $60 million from the consolidation of foxtel and $77 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisitions of hometrack and smartline, partially offset by cash acquired from the transaction. the net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was also partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the seekasia cost method investment of $122 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company used $347 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisitions of wireless group and arm. the company also had capital expenditures of $256 million. the net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was partially offset by the utilization of restricted cash for the wireless group acquisition of $315 million and proceeds from the sale of rea group’s european business of approximately $140 million.
foxtel’s full year capital expenditures for fiscal 2018 were approximately $285 million, including $225 million of capital expenditures incurred prior to the consolidation. foxtel’s total capital expenditures in fiscal 2019,
71
which will be primarily related to subscriber-related expenditures, is expected to be higher than fiscal 2018 by more than $50 million.
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018 and 2017 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                2018              2017
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations       $(398     )       $(217     )
the company had net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations of $398 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 as compared to net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations of $217 million for fiscal 2017. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018, the company repaid $213 million of borrowings related to new foxtel and rea group, and made dividend payments of $158 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders. the company also paid $79 million for its mandatorily redeemable interest in iproperty in fiscal 2018. the net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 was partially offset by new borrowings of $95 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company paid dividends of $152 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders, and repaid the debt assumed in the acquisition of wireless group of $23 million.
sources and uses of cash—fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2016
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                    2017          2016
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations          $499          $952
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased by $453 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. the decrease was primarily due to higher nam group settlement payments of $234 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the absence of net proceeds received in fiscal 2016 from the zillow litigation settlement of $122 million, higher restructuring payments of $41 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, lower dividends received from foxtel and other equity method investments of $30 million and higher net tax payments of $30 million in fiscal 2017.
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                2017              2016
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations       $(105     )       $(1,124     )
the company had net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations of $105 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations of $1,124 million for fiscal 2016. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company used $347 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisitions of wireless group and arm. the company also had capital expenditures of $256 million. the net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 was partially offset by the utilization of restricted cash for the wireless group acquisition of $315 million and proceeds from the sale of rea group’s european business of approximately $140 million.
72
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, the company used $520 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisitions of iproperty, unruly, diakrit, flatmates and checkout 51. the company also had capital expenditures of $256 million in fiscal 2016. additionally, the company had set aside $315 million of cash for use in the wireless group acquisition as a result of u.k. takeover regulations and classified this as restricted cash as of june 30, 2016.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2017 and 2016 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                                              2017              2016
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities from continuing operations       $(217     )          $150
the company had net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations of $217 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 as compared to net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations of $150 million for fiscal 2016. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017, the company paid dividends of $152 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders, and repaid the debt assumed in the acquisition of wireless group of $23 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016, the company had proceeds from borrowings under the rea facility of approximately $340 million. the net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2016 was partially offset by dividend payments of $147 million, primarily to news corporation stockholders and rea group minority stockholders, and repurchases of news corporation shares for $41 million.
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations, less capital expenditures (“free cash flow”), less rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group. free cash flow available to news corporation excludes cash flows from discontinued operations. free cash flow available to news corporation should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from continuing operations and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. free cash flow available to news corporation may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies, since companies and investors may differ as to what items should be included in the calculation of free cash flow.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash that is available to be used to strengthen the company’s balance sheet and for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company’s business, strategic acquisitions, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. the company believes excluding rea group’s free cash flow and including dividends received from rea group provides users of its consolidated financial statements with a measure of the amount of cash flow that is readily available to the company, as rea group is a separately listed public company in australia and must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group’s cash balance. the company believes free cash flow available to news corporation provides a more conservative view of the company’s free cash flow because this presentation includes only that amount of cash the company actually receives from rea group, which has generally been lower than the company’s unadjusted free cash flow.
a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporate all cash movements during the period.
73
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by continuing operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2018                   2017                     2016
(in millions)
net cash provided by continuing operating activities             $757                     $499                     $952
less: capital expenditures                                       (364   )                 (256   )                 (256   )
393                      243                      696
less: rea group free cash flow                                   (207   )                 (183   )                 (131   )
plus: cash dividends received from rea group                       63                       53                       45
free cash flow available to news corporation                     $249                     $113                     $610
free cash flow available to news corporation increased $136 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2018 to $249 million from $113 million in fiscal 2017 primarily due to higher cash provided by continuing operating activities as discussed above, partially offset by higher capital expenditures.
free cash flow available to news corporation decreased $497 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2017 to $113 million from $610 million in fiscal 2016. the decrease was primarily due to lower cash provided by continuing operating activities as discussed above, as well as higher rea group free cash flow.
borrowings as of june 30, 2018, the company had total borrowings of $1.95 billion, including the current portion. the company’s borrowings as of such date reflect $1.6 billion of outstanding debt incurred by certain subsidiaries of new foxtel (together with new foxtel, the “foxtel group”) that the company consolidated upon completion of the transaction. the foxtel group debt includes u.s. private placement senior unsecured notes and drawn amounts under its revolving credit facilities, with maturities ranging from 2019 to 2024. approximately $370 million (a$500 million) aggregate principal amount outstanding will mature during fiscal 2019, and the company expects to fund these debt repayments primarily with new borrowings. the foxtel group’s borrowings are guaranteed by certain members of the foxtel group. in accordance with asc 805, these debt instruments were recorded at fair value as of the transaction date. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the foxtel group had repayments of $119 million and borrowings of $42 million under its working capital facility.
the company’s borrowings as of june 30, 2018 also reflect the incurrence of approximately $53 million of indebtedness by rea group during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 to fund the acquisition of hometrack australia and the repayment of approximately $93 million (a$120 million) for the first tranche of its a$480 million unsecured revolving loan facility, which matured in december 2017. the second tranche of approximately $89 million (a$120 million) will mature in december 2018, and the company expects rea group to fund this debt repayment primarily with cash on hand.
the company has additional borrowing capacity under its unsecured $650 million revolving credit facility (the “facility”), which can be increased up to a maximum amount of $900 million at the company’s request. the lenders’ commitments to make the facility available terminate on october 23, 2020, provided the company may request that the commitments be extended under certain circumstances for up to two additional one-year periods. as of the date of this filing, the company has not borrowed any funds under the facility. in addition, the company has $198 million of undrawn commitments under foxtel group’s revolving credit facilities.
the company’s borrowings contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. the company was in compliance with all such covenants at june 30, 2018.
see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the company’s outstanding debt, including certain information about interest rates, maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt arrangements.
74
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements (“firm commitments”) to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations. the following table summarizes the company’s material firm commitments as of june 30, 2018.
as of june 30, 2018
payments due by period total             less than             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than
1 year                                                           5 years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                              $1,165                  $505                  $409                  $168                   $83
sports programming rights(b)                          2,316                   490                   966                   750                   110
programming costs(c)                                    239                   120                   100                    19                     —
operating leases(d)
transmission costs(e)                                   480                    66                   122                   118                   174
land and buildings                                    1,585                   168                   291                   244                   882
plant and machinery                                      26                     7                    10                     8                     1
borrowings(f)                                         1,937                   459                   962                   373                   143
interest payments on borrowings(g)                      196                    19                    56                    77                    44
total commitments and contractual obligations        $7,944                $1,834                $2,916                $1,757                $1,437
(a)   the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to minimum subscriber guarantees for license fees, printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements, production services and other legally binding commitments.

(b)                                                     the company has sports programming rights commitments with national rugby league, australian football league, cricket australia, the domestic football league, and australian rugby union as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2024. in april 2018, new foxtel entered into a sports programming rights agreement with cricket australia to broadcast domestic cricket for a six year period from 2018 to 2024. the sports rights commitments are included in the table above. the company expects to incur approximately $75 million for the domestic cricket rights and other related expenses in fiscal 2019.

(c)   the company has programming rights commitments with various suppliers for programming content.

(d)                                         the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants, satellite service agreements and equipment. these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2062. this amount includes approximately $175 million of land and office facilities that have been subleased from 21st century fox.

(e)   the company has contractual commitments for satellite transmission services. the transponder services arrangements extend through 2029 and are accounted for as operating leases.

(f)   see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

(g)   reflects the company’s expected future interest payments on borrowings outstanding and interest rates applicable at june 30, 2018. such rates are subject to change in future periods. see note 9—borrowings in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements for production. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company’s total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
the table also excludes the company’s pension obligations, other postretirement benefits (“opeb”) obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $29 million and $26 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, respectively. future plan
75
contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns and interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $17 million in fiscal 2019, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company’s expected returns in fiscal 2017 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company’s pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company’s opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company’s opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $9 million in fiscal 2019. see note 17—retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
contingencies the company routinely is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and governmental inspections or investigations, including those discussed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. the outcome of these matters and claims is subject to significant uncertainty, and the company often cannot predict what the eventual outcome of pending matters will be or the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters. fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlement costs which might be incurred by the company in connection with the various proceedings could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when it determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time, as appropriate, in light of additional information. the amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters. legal fees associated with litigation and similar proceedings are expensed as incurred. the company recognizes gain contingencies when the gain becomes realized or realizable. see note 16—commitments and contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company’s tax returns are subject to on-going review and examination by various tax authorities. tax authorities may not agree with the treatment of items reported in the company’s tax returns, and therefore the outcome of tax reviews and examinations can be unpredictable. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of uncertain tax matters and believes such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid. however, these liabilities may need to be adjusted as new information becomes known and as tax examinations continue to progress, or as settlements or litigations occur.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company’s financial condition and results and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. see note 2—summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets the company’s long-lived assets include goodwill, finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring an entity and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
76
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management’s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, the company early adopted asu 2017-04, “intangibles—goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the test for goodwill impairment” (“asu 2017-04”) which eliminates step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and instead requires an entity to perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and to recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. under asu 2017-04, in assessing goodwill for impairment, the company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the company is not required to perform any additional tests in assessing goodwill for impairment. however, if the company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform a quantitative analysis to determine the fair value of the business, and compare the calculated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. in performing the valuation, the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit primarily by using a discounted cash flow analysis and market-based valuation approach methodologies.
determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, long-term growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, as part of the company’s long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
the performance of the company’s annual impairment analysis resulted in $43 million of impairments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in fiscal 2018. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 8.5%-25.0%), long-term growth rates (ranging from (1.0%)-3.0%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.5%-7.5%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation method were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums of 10%.
significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premiums and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
77
the fair values of the company’s reporting units in fiscal 2018 exceeded the respective carrying values in a range from approximately 0% to 45%. no material impairments were identified. any increase in the discount rate or decrease in the projected cash flows terminal growth rate would have resulted in a reporting unit of the news and information services segment failing the 2018 impairment analysis, which would have required the company to record an impairment charge equal to the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value. the news and information services segment has a reporting unit with goodwill of approximately $170 million at june 30, 2018 that is at-risk for future impairment. the company will continue to monitor its goodwill for possible future impairment.
property, plant and equipment the company evaluates the carrying value of property, plant and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable, in accordance with asc 360, “property, plant, and equipment” (“asc 360”). an asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. events or circumstances that might warrant an impairment recoverability review include, among other things, material declines in operating performance, significant adverse market conditions and planned changes in the use of an asset group.
in determining whether the carrying value of an asset group is recoverable, the company estimates undiscounted future cash flows over the estimated life of the primary asset of the asset group. the estimates of such future cash flows require estimating such factors as future operating performance, market conditions and the estimated holding period of each asset. if all or a portion of the carrying value of an asset group is found to be non-recoverable, the company records an impairment charge equal to the difference between the asset group’s carrying value and its fair value. the company generally measures fair value by considering sales prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. typical assumptions applied when using a market-based approach include projected ebitda and related multiples. typical assumptions applied when using an income approach include projected free cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. all of these assumptions are made by management based on the best available information at the time of the estimates and are subject to deviations from actual results.
programming costs costs incurred in acquiring program rights or producing programs are accounted for in accordance with asc 920, “entertainment—broadcasters.” program rights and the related liabilities are recorded at the gross amount of the liabilities when the license period has begun, the cost of the program is determinable and the program is accepted and available for airing. programming costs are amortized over the license period or expected useful life of each program. the company regularly reviews its programming assets to ensure they continue to reflect net realizable value. any change in circumstances may result in a write-down of the asset to fair value. the company has single and multi-year contracts for broadcast rights of sporting events. the costs of sports contracts are primarily charged to expense over the respective season as events are aired. for sports contracts with dedicated channels, the company amortizes the sports programming rights costs over 12 months.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company’s tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, “income taxes.”
78
the company’s annual tax rate is based primarily on its geographic income and statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company’s provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company’s net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company’s actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company’s forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company’s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax benefit (expense).
retirement benefit obligations the company’s employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries. see note 17—retirement benefit obligations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company records amounts relating to its pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit costs (income) is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations and an expected rate of return on plan assets. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio’s past average rate of returns, and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of 4.7% for fiscal 2019 is based on a weighted average target asset allocation assumption of 23% equities, 65% fixed-income securities and 12% cash and other investments.
the company recorded $3 million, $1 million, and $8 million in net periodic benefit costs (income) in the statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. in fiscal 2017, the company changed the method used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs (income) for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. for fiscal 2016, the company estimated the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs (income) utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate for each country in which the company has plans derived from a yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation. the new method utilized a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. the company changed to the new method to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and their corresponding spot rates. the change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate which was applied prospectively. this change in estimate is not expected to have a material impact on the company’s pension and postretirement net periodic benefit expense in future periods.
79
although the discount rate used for each plan will be established and applied individually, a weighted average discount rate of 3.2% will be used in calculating the fiscal 2019 net periodic benefit costs (income). the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company’s annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company’s expected benefit payments for the plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds. the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k., australia and other foreign countries as of the measurement date.
the key assumptions used in developing the company’s fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 net periodic benefit costs (income) for its plans consist of the following:
2018               2017                2016
(in millions, except %)
weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit costs (income)
discount rate for pbo                                                                        3.0    %            3.1    %            3.9   %
discount rate for service cost                                                               3.9    %            3.1    %            3.9   %
discount rate for interest on pbo                                                            2.6    %            2.6    %            3.9   %
discount rate for interest on service cost                                                   3.5    %            2.9    %            3.9   %
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                      5.1    %            5.7    %            5.7   %
expected return                                                                              $70                 $75                 $81
actual return                                                                                $35                $106                $121
gain/(loss)                                                                                 $(35    )            $31                 $40
one year actual return                                                                       3.0    %            8.2    %            9.4   %
five year actual return                                                                      7.3    %            8.8    %            7.7   %
the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 4.7% for 2019 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and an expectation of future long term investment returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2018 were approximately $442 million which decreased from approximately $595 million for the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2017. this decrease of $153 million was primarily due to increased discount rates. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company’s deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company’s accumulated net loss and also decrease subsequent-year benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit costs (income) in accordance with asc 715, “compensation—retirement benefits.” unrecognized losses for the primary plans in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan’s projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants for the primary plans.
the company made contributions of $29 million, $26 million and $26 million to its funded pension plans in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan returns are consistent with the company’s expected plan returns in fiscal 2018 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $17 million in fiscal 2019. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 18—other postretirement benefits in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company’s expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the
80
sensitivity of the company’s pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual      impact on projected pension expense       benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in discount rate   increase $1 million   increase $60 million
0.25 percentage point increase in discount rate   —                     decrease $54 million
0.25 percentage point decrease in expected rate of return on assets   increase $3 million   —
0.25 percentage point increase in expected rate of return on assets   decrease $3 million   —
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 —summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
81
