item 1a.  risk factors cautionary statement for purposes of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report contains forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. our forward‐looking statements express our current expectations or forecasts of possible future results or events, including projections of earnings and other financial performance measures, statements of management's expectations regarding our plans and objectives, and industry, general economic and other forecasts of trends, future dividend payments and other matters. forward‐looking statements speak only as of the date of this filing, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated events as they occur. you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historic or current facts and often use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "believe," "will likely result," "outlook," "project," "may," "can," "plan," "target," "potential," "should" and other words and expressions of similar meaning.
no assurance can be given that the expected results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved, and actual results may differ materially due to one or more factors. for these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act.
9
risk factors certain factors that may affect our business and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward‐looking statement include the following:
the demand for our swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions.
consumer discretionary spending affects our sales and is impacted by factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, disposable income levels, consumer confidence and access to credit. in economic downturns, the demand for swimming pool, irrigation, landscape and related outdoor living products may decline, often corresponding with declines in discretionary consumer spending, the growth rate of pool eligible households and swimming pool construction. maintenance and repair products and certain replacement and refurbishment products are required to maintain existing swimming pools, and each currently account for approximately 60% and 25% of net sales related to our swimming pool business; however, the growth in this portion of our business depends on the expansion of the installed pool base and could also be adversely affected by decreases in construction activities, similar to the trends between late 2006 and early 2010. a weak economy may also cause consumers to defer discretionary replacement and refurbishment activity. even in generally favorable economic conditions, severe and/or prolonged downturns in the housing market could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance. such downturns expose us to certain additional risks, including but not limited to the risk of customer closures or bankruptcies, which could shrink our potential customer base and inhibit our ability to collect on those customers' receivables.
we believe that homeowners' access to consumer credit is a critical factor enabling the purchase of new pools, irrigation systems, and outdoor living products. between late 2006 and early 2010, the unfavorable economic conditions and downturn in the housing market resulted in significant tightening of credit markets, which limited the ability of consumers to access financing for new swimming pools and irrigation systems. although we have seen improvement since 2010, tightening consumer credit could prevent consumers from obtaining financing for pool, irrigation and related outdoor projects, which could negatively impact our sales of construction-related products.
we are susceptible to adverse weather conditions.
weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business. for example, unseasonably late warming trends in the spring or early cooling trends in the fall can shorten the length of the pool season. also, unseasonably cool weather or extraordinary rainfall during the peak season can decrease swimming pool use, installation and maintenance, as well as irrigation installations and landscape maintenance. these weather conditions adversely affect sales of our products. while warmer weather conditions favorably impact our sales, global warming trends and other significant climate changes can create more variability in the short term or lead to other unfavorable weather conditions that could adversely impact our sales or operations. drought conditions or water management initiatives may lead to municipal ordinances related to water use restrictions. such restrictions could result in decreased pool and irrigation system installations which could negatively impact our sales. for a discussion regarding seasonality and weather, see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - seasonality and quarterly fluctuations," of this form 10-k.
our distribution business is highly dependent on our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers.
as a distribution company, maintaining favorable relationships with our suppliers is critical to our success. we believe that we add considerable value to the swimming pool and irrigation supply chains by purchasing products from a large number of manufacturers and distributing the products to a highly fragmented customer base on conditions that are more favorable than these customers could obtain on their own. we believe that we currently enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, who generally offer us competitive pricing, return policies and promotional allowances. however, any failure to maintain favorable relationships with our suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business.
our largest suppliers are pentair water pool and spa, inc., hayward pool products, inc. and zodiac pool systems, inc., which accounted for approximately 20%, 9% and 8%, respectively, of the costs of products we sold in 2018. a decision by our largest suppliers, acting individually or in concert, to sell their products directly to retailers or other end users of their products, bypassing distribution companies like ours, would have an adverse effect on our business. additionally, if our suppliers experience difficulties or disruptions in their operations or if we lose a single significant supplier due to financial failure or a decision to sell exclusively to retailers or end-use consumers, we may experience increased supply costs or may experience delays in establishing replacement supply sources that meet our quality and control standards.
10
we face intense competition both from within our industry and from other leisure product alternatives.
within our industry, we directly compete against various regional and local distributors as they compete against our customers for the business of pool owners and other end-use customers. we indirectly compete against mass market retailers and large pool or irrigation supply retailers as they purchase the great majority of their needs directly from manufacturers, and to a lesser extent with internet retailers, as they purchase the majority of their needs from distributors. outside of our industry, we compete indirectly with alternative suppliers of big ticket consumer discretionary products, such as boat and motor home distributors, and with other companies who rely on discretionary homeowner expenditures, such as home remodelers. new competitors may emerge as there are low barriers to entry in our industry, which has led to highly competitive markets consisting of various-sized entities, ranging from small or local operators to large regional businesses. given the density and demand for pool products, some geographic markets that we serve also tend to have a higher concentration of competitors than others, particularly california, texas, florida and arizona. these states encompass our four largest markets and represented approximately 53% of our net sales in 2018.
more aggressive competition by store- and internet-based mass merchants and large pool or irrigation supply retailers could adversely affect our sales.
mass market retailers today carry a limited range of, and devote a limited amount of shelf space to, merchandise and products targeted to our industry. historically, mass market retailers have generally expanded by adding new stores and product breadth, but their product offering of pool and irrigation related products has remained relatively constant. should store‐ and internet-based mass market retailers increase their focus on the pool or irrigation industries, or increase the breadth of their pool and irrigation and related product offerings, they may become a more significant competitor for our direct customers and end-use consumers, which could have an adverse impact on our business. we may face additional competitive pressures if large pool or irrigation supply retailers look to expand their customer base to compete more directly within the distribution channel.
we depend on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel.
we consider our employees to be the foundation for our growth and success. as such, our future success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. this includes succession planning related to our executive officers and key management personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our operating results could be adversely affected.
past growth may not be indicative of future growth.
historically, we have experienced substantial sales growth through organic market share gains, new sales center openings and acquisitions that have increased our size, scope and geographic distribution. our various business strategies and initiatives, including our growth initiatives, are subject to business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. while we contemplate continued growth through internal expansion and acquisitions, no assurance can be made as to our ability to:
•   penetrate new markets;
•   generate sufficient cash flows to support expansion plans and general operating activities;
•   obtain financing;
•   identify appropriate acquisition candidates;
•   maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships; and
•   identify and divest assets which do not continue to create value consistent with our objectives.
if we do not manage these potential difficulties successfully, our operating results could be adversely affected.
our business is highly seasonal.
the demand for our services and our results of operations are affected by the seasonal nature of our business. in 2018, we generated approximately 62% of our net sales and 81% of our operating income in the second and third quarters of the year. these quarters represent the peak months of both swimming pool use, installation, remodeling and repair, and irrigation installations and maintenance. our sales are substantially lower during the first and fourth quarters of the year, when we may incur net losses.
11
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the success or our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and needs while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. it is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand.
customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. customers routinely use technology to rapidly compare products and prices, determine real-time product availability, and purchase products. once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for lower-cost delivery of those products. we must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process.
the nature of our business subjects us to compliance with employment, environmental, health, transportation, safety, and other governmental regulations.
we are subject to regulation under federal, state, local and international employment, environmental, health, transportation and safety requirements, which govern such things as packaging, labeling, handling, transportation, storage and sale of chemicals and fertilizers. for example, we sell algaecides and pest control products that are regulated as pesticides under the federal insecticide, fungicide and rodenticide act and various state pesticide laws. these laws primarily relate to labeling, annual registration and licensing.
management has processes in place to facilitate and support our compliance with these requirements. however, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in investigations, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines, damages, seizures, disgorgements, penalties or the imposition of injunctive relief. moreover, compliance with such laws and regulations in the future could prove to be costly. although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to regulatory matters in amounts that may be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future. these laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly over the last 25 years and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes.
the clear trend in environmental, health, transportation and safety regulations is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that impact the environment, such as the use and handling of chemicals. increasingly, strict restrictions and limitations have resulted in higher operating costs for us and it is possible that the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations will continue to increase. we will attempt to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and we will plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance.
we store chemicals, fertilizers and other combustible materials that involve fire, safety and casualty risks.
we store chemicals and fertilizers, including certain combustibles and oxidizing compounds, at our sales centers. a fire, explosion or flood affecting one of our facilities could give rise to fire, safety and casualty losses and related liability claims. we maintain what we believe is prudent insurance protection. however, we cannot guarantee that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future claims that may arise or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable. successful claims for which we are not fully insured may adversely affect our working capital and profitability. in addition, changes in the insurance industry have generally led to higher insurance costs and decreased availability of coverage.
we conduct business internationally, which exposes us to additional risks.
our ability to successfully conduct operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, which accounted for 9% of our total net sales in 2018, expose us to certain additional risks, including:
•   difficulty in staffing international subsidiary operations;
•   different political economic and regulatory conditions;
•   local laws and customs;
•   currency fluctuations;
•   adverse tax consequences; and
•   dependence on other economies.
12
for foreign-sourced products, we may be subject to certain trade restrictions that would prevent us from obtaining products and there is also a greater risk that we may not be able to access products in a timely and efficient manner. fluctuations in other factors relating to international trade, such as tariffs, transportation costs and inflation are additional risks for our international operations.
changes in tax laws and accounting standards related to tax matters have caused, and may in the future cause, fluctuations in our effective tax rate.
taxation and tax policy changes, tax rate changes, new tax laws, revised tax law interpretations, and changes in accounting standards and guidance related to tax matters, may cause fluctuations in our effective tax rate. the tax cuts and jobs act (tjca or the act), enacted in december 2017, significantly changed u.s. tax law. our income tax provision is based on our current interpretation of this legislation and on reasonable estimates and may change as a result of new guidance issued by regulators. our effective tax rate may also be impacted by changes in the geographic mix of our earnings.
in the first quarter of 2017, we adopted accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, on a prospective basis. our projections of financial statement impacts related to asu 2016-09 are subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. excess tax benefits or deficiencies recognized under asu 2016-09 vary from quarter to quarter and past results may not be indicative of future results.
we depend on a global network of suppliers to source our products. product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our sales and expose us to legal claims.
we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with the products we sell and distribute. as we increase the number of pool corporation and pool systems pty. ltd. branded products we distribute, our exposure to potential liability claims may increase. product and service quality issues could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our business. if our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. the risk of claims may also be greater with respect to products manufactured by third-party suppliers outside the united states, particularly in china. uncertainties with respect to foreign legal systems may adversely affect us in resolving claims arising from our foreign sourced products. even if we are successful in defending any claim relating to the products we distribute, claims of this nature could negatively impact customer confidence in our products and our company.
we rely on information technology systems to support our business operations. any disturbance or breach of our technological infrastructure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, failure to maintain the security of confidential information could damage our reputation and expose us to litigation.
information technology supports several aspects of our business, including among others, product sourcing, pricing, customer service, transaction processing, financial reporting, collections and cost management.  our ability to operate effectively on a day‐to‐day basis and accurately report our results depends on a solid technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats.  we are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunication failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware, computer viruses, worms, or other malicious acts, as well as human error, could also potentially disrupt our operations or result in a significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services.
advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interact with our various software platforms. such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. we also may experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our information systems unavailable or slow to respond, including the interaction of our information systems with those of third parties. a lack of sophistication or reliability of our information systems could adversely impact our operations and customer service and could require major repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs and foregone revenue.
we have designed numerous procedures and protocols to mitigate cybersecurity risks. we continually invest in information technology security and update our business continuity plan. in the event a cybersecurity threat occurs, we have processes in place to timely notify the appropriate personnel for assessment and resolution. we also continue to expand our company-wide training programs as part of our efforts to prevent such attacks. however, the failure to maintain security over and prevent unauthorized access to our data, our customers' personal information, including credit card information, or data belonging to our suppliers, could put us at a competitive disadvantage. such a breach could result in damage to our reputation and subject us to
13
potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties, resulting in a possible material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
a terrorist attack or the threat of a terrorist attack could have a material adverse effect on our business.
discretionary spending on leisure product offerings such as ours is generally adversely affected during times of economic or political uncertainty. the potential for terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to terrorist attacks, and other acts of war or hostility could create these types of uncertainties and negatively impact our business for the short or long term in ways that cannot presently be predicted.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of our base business calculations, see the results of operations section below.
2018 financial overview financial results we delivered solid results in 2018. despite a later than normal start to the year, and an earlier end, we produced sales growth of 8% in 2018 on top of sales growth of 8% in 2017. our focus on organic growth, process discipline and value creation allowed us to convert this top line growth into operating income growth of 10% over 2017.
base business sales grew 7% over last year fueled by continued demand for discretionary products such as building materials, lighting and swimming pool equipment. gross profit increased 8% for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to 2017. gross margin grew 10 basis points to 29.0% for 2018 compared to 28.9% in 2017. we attribute much of the gross margin improvement to our execution of supply chain management initiatives in a higher than normal inflationary environment in our industry.
selling and administrative expenses (operating expenses) increased 7% compared to 2017, with base business operating expenses up 5% over last year. the increase in base business operating expenses was primarily due to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related costs. as a percentage of net sales, operating expenses declined 10 basis points.
operating income for the year increased 10% to $313.9 million, up from $284.4 million in 2017. operating income as a percentage of net sales (operating margin) increased to 10.5% in 2018 compared to 10.2% in 2017.
both accounting standards update (asu) 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, which we adopted on january 1, 2017, and u.s. tax reform enacted in december 2017 impacted our income tax provision in 2018 and 2017. our effective tax rate was 20.1% in 2018 and 29.0% in 2017. we recorded a $15.3 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, benefit from asu 2016-09 for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to a benefit of $12.6 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, realized in the same period in 2017. excluding the benefits from asu 2016-09, our effective tax rate was 25.3% in 2018 and 33.7% in 2017. we expect our annual effective tax rate (excluding the benefit from asu 2016-09) for 2019 will approximate 25.5%, which is consistent with 2018 and a reduction compared to our historical rate of approximately 38.5% due to the impact of u.s. tax reform.
net income attributable to pool corporation increased 22% compared to 2017, while earnings per share was up 25% to $5.62 per diluted share. excluding the impacts of asu 2016-09 discussed above, diluted earnings per share increased 23% over last year.
financial position and liquidity cash provided by operations was $118.7 million in 2018. combined with $146.5 million in net proceeds from borrowings, cash from operating activities helped fund the following initiatives:
•   share repurchases in the open market of $183.6 million;
•   growth in net working capital of $165.8 million;
•   quarterly cash dividend payments to shareholders, totaling $69.4 million for the year;
•   net capital expenditures of $31.6 million; and
•   payments of $2.6 million for acquisitions.
total net receivables, including pledged receivables, increased 6% compared to december 31, 2017, reflective of fourth quarter sales growth and recent acquisitions. our allowance for doubtful accounts was $6.2 million at december 31, 2018 and $3.9 million at december 31, 2017, primarily reflecting additional specific reserves for certain customers. our days sales outstanding ratio, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, was 30.1 days at december 31, 2018 and 29.8 days at december 31, 2017.
inventory levels grew 25% to $672.6 million at december 31, 2018 compared to $536.5 million at december 31, 2017, primarily related to increased inventory purchases ahead of greater-than-normal vendor price increases. our reserve for inventory obsolescence was $7.7 million at december 31, 2018 compared to $6.3 million at december 31, 2017. our inventory turns, as calculated on a trailing four quarters basis, were 3.2 times at december 31, 2018 and 3.5 times at december 31, 2017.
21
total debt outstanding of $666.8 million at december 31, 2018 increased $147.1 million, or 28%, compared to december 31, 2017 primarily to fund the additional inventory purchases discussed above and share repurchases.
current trends and outlook while market conditions have been generally favorable the past year, a number of factors weigh on our industry, including lagging new home construction, tighter lending standards, and the slower progression of a younger generation burdened by student debt and underemployment. labor availability and cost have also become issues in recent years, limiting our customers' ability to fully meet consumer demand, particularly in construction and renovation markets.
the post-recession market environment from 2010 to 2018 was characterized by the cautious recovery of consumer spending, modest housing recovery and low inflation. however, in terms of homeowners investing in their existing homes, discretionary expenditures, including backyard renovations, flourished over this time period. we expect that new pool and irrigation construction levels will continue to grow incrementally, but we believe that consumer investments in outdoor living spaces beyond the swimming pool will generate greater growth over the next five years.
although some constraints exist around residential construction activities, economic trends indicate that consumer spending has largely recovered, and we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of both the market expansion and the inherent long term growth opportunities in our industry. additionally, recent regulation passed by the u.s. department of energy mandates all new and replacement motors and pumps for swimming pools must be variable speed by july 2021. this mandate, coupled with additional product developments and technological advancements, offers further growth opportunities over the next few years.
while we estimate that new pool construction increased to approximately 80,000 new units in 2018, construction levels are still down approximately 65% compared to peak historical levels and down approximately 50% from what we consider normal levels. favorable weather plays a role in industry growth by accelerating growth in any given year, while unfavorable weather impedes growth. for 2018, we started the year off strong, but a delayed spring resulted in a later than normal start to the swimming pool season, and we finished the year with an earlier end based on weather trends. in contrast, in 2017 specifically, our industry experienced modestly favorable weather overall, despite the severe storms that impacted our industry in texas and florida in september and october. in 2016, an earlier start to the swimming pool season due to warmer than usual temperatures and overall favorable weather throughout the rest of the year benefited the industry as a whole. in establishing our outlook each year, we base our growth assumptions on normal weather conditions and do not incorporate alternative weather predictions into our guidance.
we established our initial outlook for 2019 based on reasonable expectations of organic market share growth, ongoing leverage of infrastructure and continuous process improvements. for 2019, we expect the macroeconomic environment in the united states will be quite similar to 2018. we expect to continue to gain market share through our comprehensive service and product offerings, which we continually diversify through internal sourcing initiatives and expansion into new markets. we also plan to broaden our geographic presence by opening 4 to 6 new sales centers in 2019 and by making selective acquisitions when appropriate opportunities arise.
the following section summarizes our outlook for 2019:
•   we expect sales growth of 7% to 9%, impacted by the following factors and assumptions:
◦   normal weather patterns for 2019;
◦   continued growth from replacement, remodeling and construction activity and market expansion through newer product offerings like hardscapes and commercial pools;
◦   inflationary product cost increases of approximately 3% to 4% (or approximately 2% above the historical average);
◦   estimated 1% growth from acquisitions completed throughout 2018; and
◦   same selling days in 2019 compared to 2018, with one less day in the first quarter and one additional day in the third quarter in 2019.
•   by quarter, we expect shifts in our 2019 sales activity, which will affect sales growth comparisons to 2018. for the first quarter of 2019, we expect the loss of a selling day, a delayed easter and lower customer early buy sales to defer an estimated $20 million to $30 million of sales to the second and third quarters in 2019.
22
•   we expect relatively neutral gross margin trends for the full year with higher gross margin growth in the first quarter of 2019 compared to 2018 due to projected benefits from our strategic inventory purchases in 2018 and expected lower customer early buy sales in the first quarter of 2019. we expect gross margin growth to moderate substantially in the second and third quarters and become a difficult comparison in the fourth quarter of 2019 based on our 2018 results.
•   we expect operating expenses will grow at approximately 60% of the rate of our gross profit growth, reflecting inflationary increases and incremental costs to support our sales growth expectations. the main challenges in achieving this metric include managing people and facility costs in tight labor and real estate markets. however, we continue to see significant opportunity to leverage our existing infrastructure to achieve this goal.
in 2019, we expect our effective tax rate will approximate 25.5%, excluding the impact of asu 2016-09. this projected rate is a reduction from our historical rate of approximately 38.5%. our effective tax rate is dependent upon our results of operations and may change if actual results are different from our current expectations, particularly any significant changes in our geographic mix. due to asu 2016-09 requirements, we expect our effective tax rate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, particularly in periods when employees elect to exercise their vested stock options or when restrictions on share-based awards lapse. based on our december 31, 2018 stock price, we estimate that we have approximately $7.2 million in unrealized excess tax benefits related to stock options that will expire in the second quarter of 2019 and restricted awards that will vest in 2019. we may recognize additional tax benefits related to stock option exercises in 2019 from grants that expire in years after 2019, for which we have not included any expected benefits in our guidance. the estimated impact related to asu 2016-09 is subject to several assumptions which can vary significantly, including our estimated share price and the period that our employees will exercise vested stock options. we recorded a $15.3 million benefit in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2018 related to asu 2016-09.
we project that 2019 earnings will be in the range of $6.05 to $6.35 per diluted share, including an estimated $0.18 favorable impact from asu 2016-09. excluding the impact of timing differences from our strategic inventory purchases in the second half of 2018, we expect cash provided by operations will approximate net income for fiscal 2019, and subject to additional authorization by our board of directors, we anticipate that we will use $150.0 million to $200.0 million in cash for share repurchases.
on january 1, 2019, we adopted asu 2016-02, leases. we do not expect the new accounting pronouncement to have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows. for additional details, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the forward-looking statements in this current trends and outlook section are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the sensitivity of our business to weather conditions, changes in the economy and the housing market, our ability to maintain favorable relationships with suppliers and manufacturers, competition from other leisure product alternatives and mass merchants, and other risks detailed in item 1a of this form 10-k. also see "cautionary statement for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995" prior to item 1a.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management identifies critical accounting estimates as:
•   those that require the use of assumptions about matters that are inherently and highly uncertain at the time the estimates are made; and
•   those for which changes in the estimates or assumptions, or the use of different estimates and assumptions, could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board. we believe the following critical accounting estimates require us to make the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments.
allowance for doubtful accounts we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based on an estimate of the losses we will incur if our customers do not make required payments. we perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and typically do not require collateral. consistent with industry practices, we generally require payment from our north american customers within 30 days, except for sales under early buy programs for which we provide extended payment terms to qualified customers. the extended terms usually require
23
payments in equal installments in april, may and june or may and june, depending on geographic location. credit losses have generally been within or better than our expectations.
similar to our business, our customers' businesses are seasonal. sales are lowest in the winter months and our past due accounts receivable balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. we provide reserves for uncollectible accounts based on our accounts receivable aging. these reserves range from 0.05% for amounts currently due to up to 100% for specific accounts more than 60 days past due.
at the end of each quarter, we perform a reserve analysis of all accounts with balances greater than $20,000 and more than 60 days past due. additionally, we perform a separate reserve analysis on the balance of our accounts receivables with emphasis on past due accounts. as we review these past due accounts, we evaluate collectability based on a combination of factors including:
•   aging statistics and trends;
•   customer payment history;
•   independent credit reports; and
•   discussions with customers.
during the year, we write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. these write-offs are charged against our allowance for doubtful accounts. in the past five years, write-offs have averaged approximately 0.06% of net sales annually.  write-offs as a percentage of net sales approximated 0.07% in 2018, 0.05% in 2017 and 0.07% in 2016. we expect that write-offs will range from 0.05% to 0.10% of net sales in 2019.
at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year end allowance for doubtful accounts balance to (i) current year write-offs and (ii) any significantly aged outstanding receivable balances. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that the prior year allowance was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of the accounts receivable reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2018, pretax income would change by approximately $1.2 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.02 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2018).
inventory obsolescence product inventories represent the largest asset on our balance sheet. our goal is to manage our inventory such that we minimize stock-outs to provide the highest level of service to our customers. to do this, we maintain at each sales center an adequate inventory of stock keeping units (skus) with the highest sales volumes. at the same time, we continuously strive to better manage our slower moving classes of inventory, which are not as critical to our customers and thus, inherently turn at slower rates.
we classify products into 13 classes at the sales center level based on sales at each location over the expected sellable period, which is the previous 12 months for most products. all inventory is included in these classes, except for special order non-stock items that lack a sku in our system and products with less than 12 months of usage. the table below presents a description of these inventory classes:
class 0        new products with less than 12 months usage classes 1-4    highest sales value items, which represent approximately 80% of net sales at the sales center classes 5-12   lower sales value items, which we keep in stock to provide a high level of customer service class 13       products with no sales for the past 12 months at the local sales center level, excluding special order products not yet delivered to the customer null class     non-stock special order items
24
there is little risk of obsolescence for products in classes 1-4 because products in these classes generally turn quickly. we establish our reserve for inventory obsolescence based on inventory classes 5-13, which we believe represent some exposure to inventory obsolescence, with particular emphasis on skus with the least sales over the previous 12 months. the reserve is intended to reflect the value of inventory at net realizable value. we provide a reserve of 5% for inventory in classes 5-13 and non-stock inventory as determined at the sales center level. we also provide an additional 5% reserve for excess inventory in classes 5-12 and an additional 45% reserve for excess inventory in class 13. we determine excess inventory, which is defined as the amount of inventory on hand in excess of the previous 12 months' usage, on a company-wide basis.  we also evaluate whether the calculated reserve provides sufficient coverage of the total class 13 inventory.
in evaluating the adequacy of our reserve for inventory obsolescence, we consider a combination of factors including:
•   the level of inventory in relation to historical sales by product, including inventory usage by class based on product sales at both the sales center and on a company-wide basis;
•   changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements;
•   seasonal fluctuations in inventory levels;
•   geographic location; and
•   superseded products and new product offerings.
we periodically adjust our reserve for inventory obsolescence as changes occur in the above-identified factors. at the end of each fiscal year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing the prior year end obsolescence reserve balance to (i) current year inventory write-offs and (ii) the value of products with no sales for the past 12 months that remain in inventory. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year reserve was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if the balance of our inventory reserve increased or decreased by 20% at december 31, 2018, pretax income would change by approximately $1.5 million and earnings per share would change by approximately $0.03 per diluted share (based on the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2018).
vendor programs many of our vendor arrangements provide for us to receive specified amounts of consideration when we achieve any of a number of measures.  these measures generally relate to the volume level of purchases from our vendors, or our net cost of products sold, and may include negotiated pricing arrangements.  we account for vendor programs as a reduction of the prices of the vendor's products and therefore a reduction of inventory until we sell the product, at which time we recognize such consideration as a reduction of cost of sales in our income statement.
throughout the year, we estimate the amount earned based on our expectation of total purchases for the fiscal year relative to the purchase levels that mark our progress toward the attainment of various levels within certain vendor programs. we accrue vendor program benefits on a monthly basis using these estimates provided that we determine they are probable and reasonably estimable. our estimates for annual purchases, future inventory levels and sales of qualifying products are driven by our sales projections, which can be significantly impacted by a number of external factors including changes in economic conditions and weather.  changes in our purchasing mix also impact our estimates, as certain program rates can vary depending on our volume of purchases from specific vendors.
we continually revise these estimates throughout the year to reflect actual purchase levels and identifiable trends. as a result, our estimated quarterly vendor program benefits accrual may include cumulative catch-up adjustments to reflect any changes in our estimates between reporting periods. these adjustments tend to have a greater impact on gross margin in the fourth quarter since it is our seasonally slowest quarter and because the majority of our vendor arrangements are based on calendar year periods. we update our estimates for these arrangements at year end to reflect actual annual purchase levels. in the first quarter of the subsequent year, we prepare a hindsight analysis by comparing actual vendor credits received to the prior year vendor receivable balances. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our vendor program estimates were within a range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodology is appropriate.
if market conditions were to change, vendors may change the terms of some or all of these programs. although such changes would not affect the amounts we have recorded related to products already purchased, they may lower or raise our cost for products purchased and sold in future periods.
25
income taxes we record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates and laws that will be in effect when we expect the differences to reverse.  due to changing tax laws and state income tax rates, significant judgment is required to estimate the effective tax rate expected to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse in the future.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the tjca or the act) was enacted, which significantly changed u.s. tax law. in accordance with accounting standards codification topic (asc) 740, income taxes, we are required to account for the new requirements in the period that includes the date of enactment. the act reduced the overall corporate income tax rate to 21%, created a territorial tax system (with a one-time mandatory transition tax on previously deferred foreign earnings), broadened the tax base and allowed for the immediate capital expensing of certain qualified property. due to the complexities presented by the act, particularly for companies with multi-national operations, the securities and exchange commission issued staff accounting bulletin (sab) 118 (sab 118) to provide guidance to companies who were not able to complete their accounting in the period of enactment prior to the reporting deadlines. under the guidance in sab 118, provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates were allowable for companies that had not yet completed their accounting for certain elements under the act. as a result of this guidance, we recorded a provisional net benefit to our income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017. as of december 31, 2018, we completed our accounting for the tax effects of the act, which did not result in a material adjustment to our provisional amount. for the global intangible low tax income (gilti) provisions of the act, we have elected an accounting policy to record gilti as period costs if and when incurred.
as of december 31, 2018, united states income taxes were not provided on the earnings or cash balances of our foreign subsidiaries, outside of the provisions of the transition tax from u.s. tax reform. as we have historically invested or expect to invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely to fund current cash flow needs in the countries where held, additional income tax provisions may be required. determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability on these undistributed earnings and cash balances is not practicable due to the complexity of tax laws and regulations and the varying circumstances, tax treatments and timing of any future repatriation. we determined not to change our indefinite reinvestment assertion in light of u.s. tax reform.
we operate in 39 states, 1 united states territory and 12 foreign countries. we are subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to adjustment by the applicable tax authorities.  we recognize a benefit from an uncertain tax position only after determining it is more likely than not that the tax position will withstand examination by the applicable taxing authority. our estimate for the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. we regularly evaluate our tax positions and incorporate these expectations into our reserve estimates. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters.  however, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire.  these adjustments may include changes in valuation allowances that we have established.  as a result of these uncertainties, our total income tax provision may fluctuate on a quarterly basis.
each year, we prepare a return to provision analysis upon filing our income tax returns. based on this hindsight analysis, we concluded that our prior year income tax provision was within a range of acceptable estimates and that our provision calculation methodology is appropriate. differences between our effective income tax rate and federal and state statutory tax rates are primarily due to valuation allowances recorded for certain of our international subsidiaries with tax losses.
performance-based compensation accrual the compensation committee of our board (compensation committee) annually reviews our compensation structure to oversee management's implementation of maintaining a program that attracts, retains, develops and motivates employees without leading to unnecessary risk taking. our compensation packages include bonus plans that are specific to each group of eligible participants and their levels and areas of responsibility. the majority of our bonus plans have annual cash payments that are based primarily on objective performance criteria. we calculate bonuses based on the achievement of certain key measurable financial and operational results, including operating income and diluted earnings per share (eps).
26
we use an annual cash performance award (annual bonus) to focus corporate behavior on short-term goals for growth, financial performance and other specific financial and business improvement metrics. management sets the company's annual bonus objectives at the beginning of the bonus plan year using both historical information and forecasted results of operations for the current plan year. management also establishes specific business improvement objectives for both our operating units and corporate employees. the compensation committee approves objectives for annual bonus plans involving executive management.
we also utilize our medium-term (three-year) strategic plan incentive program (spip) to provide senior management with an additional cash-based, pay-for-performance award based on the achievement of specified earnings growth objectives. payouts through the spip are based on three-year compound annual growth rates (cagrs) of our diluted eps.
we record annual performance-based compensation accruals based on operating income achieved in a quarter as a percentage of total expected operating income for the year. we estimate total expected operating income for the current plan year using management's estimate of the total overall incentives earned per the stated bonus plan objectives. starting in june, and continuing each quarter through our fiscal year end, we adjust our estimated performance-based compensation accrual based on our detailed analysis of each bonus plan, the participants' progress toward achievement of their specific objectives and management's estimates related to the discretionary components of the bonus plans, if any.
we record spip accruals based on our total expected eps for the current fiscal year and earnings growth estimates for the succeeding two years. we base our current fiscal year estimates on the same assumptions used for our annual bonus calculation and we base our forward-looking estimates on historical growth trends and our projections for the remainder of the three-year performance periods.
our quarterly performance-based compensation expense and accrual balances may vary relative to actual annual bonus expense and payouts due to the following:
•   differences between estimated and actual performance;
•   our projections related to achievement of multiple-year performance objectives for our spip; and
•   the discretionary components of the bonus plans.
we generally make bonus payments at the end of february following the most recently completed fiscal year. each year, we compare the actual bonus payouts to amounts accrued at the previous year end to determine the accuracy of our performance‐based compensation estimates. based on our hindsight analysis, we concluded that our performance-based compensation accrual balances were within a reasonable range of acceptable estimates and that our estimation methodologies are appropriate.
impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill is our largest intangible asset. at december 31, 2018, our goodwill balance was $188.5 million, representing approximately 15% of total assets. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire a company over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed.
we perform a goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or on a more frequent basis if events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate potential impairment.  if the estimated fair value of any of our reporting units falls below its carrying value, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill to its carrying value. if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value, we perform a calculation to measure impairment, which includes valuing the tangible and intangible assets. we recognize any impairment loss in operating income.
since we define an operating segment as an individual sales center and we do not have operations below the sales center level, we define a reporting unit as an individual sales center.  as of october 1, 2018, we had 223 reporting units with allocated goodwill balances. the most significant goodwill balance for a reporting unit was $5.7 million and the average goodwill balance was $0.8 million.
in october of 2018, 2017 and 2016, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test and did not identify any goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. in the third quarter of 2016, we recorded a $0.6 million goodwill impairment charge related to an at-risk reporting unit in quebec, canada. this location's results came in above expectations at the end of both the 2018 and 2017 swimming pool seasons, and as of december 31, 2018, the remaining goodwill balance for this reporting unit was $1.7 million.
27
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units based on an income approach that incorporates our assumptions for determining the present value of future cash flows.  we project future cash flows using management's assumptions for sales growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and multiples. these estimates can significantly affect the outcome of our impairment test. we also review for potential impairment indicators at the reporting unit level based on an evaluation of recent historical operating trends, current and projected local market conditions and other relevant factors as appropriate.
to test the reasonableness of our fair value estimates, we compared our aggregate estimated fair values to our market capitalization as of the date of our annual impairment test. we expect that a reasonable fair value estimate would reflect a moderate acquisition premium. our aggregate estimated fair values fell in line with our market capitalization, which we consider to be reasonable for the purpose of our goodwill impairment test. to facilitate a sensitivity analysis, we reduced our consolidated fair value estimate to reflect more conservative discounted cash flow assumptions, the sensitivity of a 50 basis point increase in our estimated weighted average cost of capital or a 50 basis point decrease in the estimated perpetuity growth rate. our sensitivity analysis generated a fair value estimate significantly below our market capitalization and resulted in the identification of no goodwill impairments and no additional at-risk locations.
based on our 2018 goodwill impairment analysis, we consider our reporting units in australia as most at risk for goodwill impairment. we entered australia in july 2014 with the acquisition of a controlling interest in pool systems pty. ltd (psl). the previous owner of psl provided executive oversight until our purchase of the non-controlling interest in june 2017. since 2014, we have continued to expand our operations in australia via one sales center opening and the acquisitions of newline pool products in july 2017 and pool power in january 2018. the most sensitive assumptions related to our fair values for these locations relate to future projected operating results and management's ability to effectively leverage our operating structure and manage costs as we expand our presence. as of december 31, 2018, our aggregate goodwill balance for our five reporting units in australia was $4.0 million.
if our assumptions or estimates in our fair value calculations change or if operating results are less than forecasted, we could incur additional impairment charges in future periods, especially related to the reporting units discussed above.  impairment charges would decrease operating income, negatively impact diluted eps and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for details.
28
results of operations the table below summarizes information derived from our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales for the past three fiscal years:
year ended december 31,
2018           2017           2016
net sales                                          100.0    %     100.0    %     100.0    %
cost of sales                                       71.0           71.1           71.2
gross profit                                        29.0           28.9           28.8
operating expenses                                  18.6           18.7           18.9
operating income                                    10.5           10.2           10.0
interest and other non-operating expenses, net       0.7            0.5            0.6
income before income taxes and equity earnings       9.8    %       9.7    %       9.4    %
note: due to rounding, percentages may not add to operating income or income before income taxes and equity earnings.
our discussion of consolidated operating results includes the operating results from acquisitions in 2018, 2017 and 2016.  we have included the results of operations in our consolidated results since the respective acquisition dates.
fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017
the following table breaks out our consolidated results into the base business component and the excluded components (sales centers excluded from base business):
(unaudited)                                                    base business                                  excluded                                           total
(in thousands)                                                    year ended                                year ended                                      year ended december 31,                              december 31,                                    december 31,
2018                    2017                 2018   2017                                  2018                    2017
net sales                             $2,957,006              $2,776,103             $41,091              $12,085               $2,998,097              $2,788,188
gross profit                             857,590                 801,716              12,583                3,573                  870,173                 805,289
gross margin                                29.0   %                28.9   %            30.6    %   29.6             %                29.0   %                28.9   %
operating expenses                       541,462                 516,183              14,822                4,735                  556,284                 520,918
expenses as a % of net sales                18.3   %                18.6   %            36.1    %   39.2             %                18.6   %                18.7   %
operating income (loss)                  316,128                 285,533              (2,239    )          (1,162    )             313,889                 284,371
operating margin                            10.7   %                10.3   %            (5.4   )%            (9.6   )%                10.5   %                10.2   %
29
we have excluded the following acquisitions from base business for the periods identified:
acquired                                acquisitiondate      netsales centers acquired   periodsexcluded turf &amp; garden, inc. (1)             november 2018                                4   november - december 2018
tore pty. ltd. (pool power) (1)         january 2018                                 1   january - december 2018
chem quip, inc. (1)                     december 2017                                5   december 2017 and january - december 2018
intermark                               december 2017                                1   december 2017 and january - december 2018
e-grupa                                 october 2017                                 1   october - december 2017 and january - december 2018
new star holdings pty. ltd. (newline)   july 2017                                    1   january - september 2018 and july - september 2017
lincoln aquatics (1)                    april 2017                                   1   january - july 2018 and may - july 2017
(1)   we acquired certain distribution assets of each of these companies.
when calculating our base business results, we exclude sales centers that are acquired, closed or opened in new markets for a period of 15 months. we also exclude consolidated sales centers when we do not expect to maintain the majority of the existing business and existing sales centers that are consolidated with acquired sales centers.
we generally allocate corporate overhead expenses to excluded sales centers on the basis of their net sales as a percentage of total net sales.  after 15 months of operations, we include acquired, consolidated and new market sales centers in the base business calculation including the comparative prior year period.
the table below summarizes the changes in our sales centers during 2018:
december 31, 2017       351
acquired locations        5
new locations             9
consolidated location    (1   )
december 31, 2018       364
for information about our recent acquisitions, see note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
30
net sales
(in millions)                           year ended december 31,
2018                    2017                      change net sales              $2,998.1                  $2,788.2         $209.9              8%
net sales increased 8% compared to 2017, with 7% of this increase coming from base business sales growth. we started the year off strong, but multiple storms in march hindered our customers' ability to complete projects, and cold temperatures and snow in our seasonal markets delayed pool openings through april. our seasonal markets finally warmed up in may 2018, allowing us to serve the pent-up demand and generate solid sales growth through the remainder of the second and third quarters, despite several occurrences of severe weather during the third quarter. in the fourth quarter of 2018, much cooler and wetter weather patterns made pool construction and remodeling activities from texas to the east coast difficult for our customers to pursue. further, the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2017 was especially tough given the favorable weather last year in our year-round markets, which drive most of our sales in our seasonally slower fourth quarter, and the revenue generated from the hurricane irma recovery in florida in the fourth quarter of 2017. despite a later than normal start to the season, and an earlier end, we produced 8% sales growth in 2018 on top of sales growth of 8% in 2017.
the following factors benefited our sales growth (listed in order of estimated magnitude):
•   continued improvement in consumer discretionary expenditures, including continued growth in remodeling and replacement activity (see discussion below);
•   market share growth, particularly in building materials and commercial product categories;
•   chemicals, our largest product category at 12% of total net sales for 2018, had increased sales of 7% compared to 2017; and
•   inflation driven (estimated at approximately 1%) product selling price increases, with higher increases on certain swimming pool equipment and parts in the fourth quarter of 2018.
we believe that sales growth rates for certain product offerings, such as building materials and equipment, evidence increased spending in traditionally discretionary areas including pool construction and pool remodeling, as well as equipment upgrades. in 2018, sales for equipment, such as swimming pool heaters, pumps, lights and filters, increased 7%, and collectively represented approximately 27% of net sales. this increase reflects both the growth of replacement activity and continued demand for higher‐priced, more energy-efficient products. sales of building materials, which includes tile, grew 11% compared to 2017 and represented approximately 12% of net sales in 2018.
sales to customers who service large commercial installations such as hotels, universities and community recreational facilities are included in the appropriate existing product categories, and growth in this area is reflected in the numbers above. sales to these customers increased 11% compared to 2017 and represented 5% of our consolidated net sales for 2018.
in terms of quarterly performance, base business sales increased 5% in the first quarter of 2018. base business sales then increased 6% in the second quarter of 2018 despite a slow start to the quarter as discussed above. in in the third quarter of 2018, base business sales increased 8% despite severe weather events and elevated rainfall in texas and wildfires in california. for our seasonally slowest fourth quarter, base business sales increased 5% in 2018 on top of 13% base business sales growth achieved in the fourth quarter of 2017. in addition to the sales discussion above, see further details of significant weather impacts under the subheading seasonality and quarterly fluctuations below.
gross profit
(in millions)                       year ended december 31,
2018                    2017   change gross profit           $870.2                  $805.3         $64.9             8%
gross margin             29.0     %              28.9     %
gross margin for 2018 increased 10 basis points compared to 2017. we attribute much of the gross margin improvement to our execution of supply chain management initiatives in a higher than normal inflationary environment in our industry. in the second half of 2018, we made strategic inventory purchases in advance of greater-than-normal vendor price increases.
31
operating expenses
(in millions)                                                         year ended december 31,
2018                    2017   change operating expenses                                       $556.3                  $520.9         $35.4             7%
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales            18.6     %              18.7     %
operating expenses increased 7% compared to 2017, with base business operating expenses up 5%. the increase in base business operating expenses was primarily due to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related expenditures, offset by lower performance-based compensation.
interest and other non-operating expenses, net interest and other non-operating expenses, net increased $5.7 million compared to 2017. this increase mostly reflects higher interest expense on our debt. average outstanding debt was $579.1 million in 2018 versus $504.0 million in 2017. our 2018 average outstanding debt balance reflects greater borrowings, primarily to fund working capital growth. our weighted average effective interest rate increased to 3.3% in 2018 compared to 2.7% in 2017.
income taxes our effective income tax rate was 20.1% at december 31, 2018 and 29.0% at december 31, 2017. our provision for income taxes in 2017 was positively impacted by both u.s. tax reform and asu 2016-09. we recorded a $15.3 million benefit from asu 2016-09 for the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to a benefit of $12.6 million realized in the same period in 2017. excluding the benefits from asu 2016-09, our effective tax rate was 25.3% and 33.7% for the years ended 2018 and 2017, respectively.
net income and earnings per share net income attributable to pool corporation increased 22% to $234.5 million in 2018 compared to $191.6 million in 2017. earnings per share increased 25% to $5.62 per diluted share compared to $4.51 per diluted share in 2017. excluding the $0.36 per diluted share impact of asu 2016-09 in 2018 and $0.24 in 2017, diluted earnings per share increased 23% over last year.
32
fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
the following table breaks out our consolidated results into the base business component and the excluded components (sales centers excluded from base business):
(unaudited)                                                    base business                                 excluded                                           total
(in thousands)                                                    year ended                               year ended                                      year ended december 31,                             december 31,                                    december 31,
2017                    2016                 2017                2016                    2017                    2016
net sales                             $2,749,672              $2,558,368             $38,516              $12,435              $2,788,188              $2,570,803
gross profit                             793,866                 737,335              11,423                3,752                 805,289                 741,087
gross margin                                28.9   %                28.8   %            29.7    %            30.2   %                28.9   %                28.8   %
operating expenses                       508,273                 481,924              12,645                3,304                 520,918                 485,228
expenses as a % of net sales                18.5   %                18.8   %            32.8    %            26.6   %                18.7   %                18.9   %
operating income (loss)                  285,593                 255,411              (1,222    )             448                 284,371                 255,859
operating margin                            10.4   %                10.0   %            (3.2   )%             3.6   %                10.2   %                10.0   %
for an explanation of how we calculate base business, please refer to the discussion of base business under the heading "fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017."
for purposes of comparing operating results for the year ended december 31, 2017 to the year ended december 31, 2016, we excluded acquired sales centers from base business for the periods identified in the table below.
acquired                                   acquisitiondate      netsales centers acquired   periodsexcluded chem quip, inc. (1) (2)                    december 2017                                5   december 2017
intermark                                  december 2017                                1   december 2017
e-grupa                                    october 2017                                 1   october - december 2017
new star holdings pty. ltd.                july 2017                                    1   july - december 2017
lincoln aquatics (1)                       april 2017                                   1   may - december 2017
metro irrigation supply company ltd. (1)   april 2016                                   8   january - june 2017 andapril - june 2016
the melton corporation (1)                 november 2015                                2   january 2017 and january 2016
seaboard industries, inc. (1)              october 2015                                 3   january 2017 and january 2016
(1)   we acquired certain distribution assets of each of these companies.
(2)   we completed this acquisition on december 29, 2017. thus we reported no results of operations in fiscal 2017 for this acquisition due to the acquisition date; however, the acquired sales centers are included in the sales center count below.
33
the table below summarizes the changes in our sales centers during 2017:
december 31, 2016        344
acquired locations         9
new locations              1
consolidated locations    (3   )
december 31, 2017        351
for information about our recent acquisitions, see note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
net sales
(in millions)                           year ended december 31,
2017                    2016                      change net sales              $2,788.2                  $2,570.8         $217.4              8%
net sales increased 8% compared to 2016, despite one less selling day. our 7% increase in base business sales generated much of this growth. we experienced modestly favorable weather during the swimming pool season, which ended with severe storms in september and october in both texas and florida. by the end of the fourth quarter, we mostly recovered sales lost over these time periods.
the following factors benefited our sales growth (listed in order of estimated magnitude):
•   continued improvement in consumer discretionary expenditures, including continued growth in remodeling and replacement activity (see discussion below);
•   market share growth, particularly in building materials and commercial product categories;
•   increased pool and spa chemical sales, our largest product category at 12% of total net sales for 2017, up 4% compared to 2016, excluding the recent lincoln aquatics acquisition;
•   inflation driven (estimated at close to 1%) product selling price increases; and,
•   acquisitions, particularly in the commercial market (lincoln aquatics) and australia (newline pool products).
we believe that sales growth rates for certain product offerings, such as building materials and equipment, evidence increased spending in traditionally discretionary areas including pool construction, pool remodeling, as well as equipment upgrades. in 2017, sales for equipment such as swimming pool heaters, pumps, and lights increased 10%, and collectively represented approximately 23% of net sales. this increase reflects both the growth of replacement activity and continued demand for higher‐priced, more energy-efficient products. sales of building materials, which includes tile, grew 13% compared to 2016 and represented approximately 10% of net sales in 2017.
sales to customers who service large commercial installations such as hotels, universities and community recreational facilities are included in the appropriate existing product categories, and growth in this area is reflected in the numbers above. these sales increased 10% compared to 2016 and represented 5% of our consolidated net sales for 2017, excluding the recent acquisition of lincoln aquatics.
in terms of quarterly performance, base business sales increased 5% in the first quarter of 2017, despite a 2% decline in sales related to customer early buy purchases. base business sales then increased 7% in the second quarter of 2017 under overall neutral weather conditions for most of the quarter. despite the severe weather events in the third quarter of 2017, and one less selling day compared to the same period in 2016, base business sales increased 6% in the third quarter. for our seasonally slowest fourth quarter, base business sales increased 13% in 2017 reflecting strong consumer demand, excellent execution by our team, the recovery following hurricane irma and overall favorable weather conditions. see discussion of significant weather impacts under the subheading seasonality and quarterly fluctuations below.
34
gross profit
(in millions)                       year ended december 31,
2017                    2016   change gross profit           $805.3                  $741.1         $64.2             9%
gross margin             28.9     %              28.8     %
gross margin for 2017 increased 10 basis points compared to 2016 mostly reflecting product mix coupled with benefits from sourcing initiatives.
operating expenses
(in millions)                                                         year ended december 31,
2017                    2016   change operating expenses                                       $520.9                  $485.2         $35.7             7%
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales            18.7     %              18.9     %
operating expenses increased 7% compared to 2016, with base business operating expenses up 5%. the increase in base business operating expenses was primarily due to higher growth-driven labor and freight expenses, as well as greater facility-related expenditures, equity-based compensation, and technology spending as we continue to invest in our business. base business operating expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 30 basis points over 2016, as we continued to leverage our existing infrastructure.
interest and other non-operating expenses, net interest and other non-operating expenses, net increased $0.7 million compared to 2016. average outstanding debt was $504.0 million for 2017 versus $424.6 million for 2016. our 2017 average outstanding debt balance reflects greater borrowings, primarily to fund working capital growth. our weighted average effective interest rate increased to 2.7% for 2017 compared to 2.2% for 2016.
income taxes our effective income tax rate was 29.0% at december 31, 2017 and 38.5% at december 31, 2016. our provision for income taxes for 2017 was positively impacted by both u.s. tax reform and asu 2016-09. as a result of the recently enacted tax legislation, we recorded a provisional tax benefit of $12.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, which primarily reflects the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liability. in addition to the impact from tax reform, we recorded a $12.6 million benefit in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2017 related to our adoption of asu 2016-09.
net income and earnings per share net income attributable to pool corporation increased 29% to $191.6 million in 2017 compared to $149.0 million in 2016. earnings per share increased 30% to $4.51 per diluted share compared to $3.47 per diluted share in 2016. excluding the $0.28 per diluted share impact of tax reform and the $0.24 per diluted share impact of asu 2016-09, diluted earnings per share increased 15% over last year.
35
seasonality and quarterly fluctuations for discussion regarding the effects seasonality and weather have on our business, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
the following table presents certain unaudited quarterly data for 2018 and 2017. we have included income statement and balance sheet data for the most recent eight quarters to allow for a meaningful comparison of the seasonal fluctuations in these amounts. in our opinion, this information reflects all normal and recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of this data. due to the seasonal nature of our industry, the results of any one or more quarters are not necessarily a good indication of results for an entire fiscal year or of continuing trends.
(unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                              quarter
(in thousands)                                                                                                                        2018                                                                                  2017
first                  second                third                fourth                first                second                third                fourth statement of income data net sales                                                  $585,900             $1,057,804              $811,311             $543,082              $546,441             $988,163              $743,401             $510,183
gross profit                                                166,073                308,655               235,003              160,442               153,621              289,664               216,606              145,398
operating income                                             33,541                162,042                92,337               25,970                30,998              154,186                81,928               17,259
net income                                                   31,339                117,049                69,261               16,811                22,270               94,620                48,783               25,665
net sales as a % of annual net sales                             20   %                 35    %               27   %               18    %               20   %               35    %               27   %               18    %
gross profit as a % of annual gross profit                       19   %                 35    %               27   %               18    %               19   %               36    %               27   %               18    %
operating income as a % of annual operating income               11   %                 52    %               29   %                8    %               11   %               54    %               29   %                6    %
balance sheet data total receivables, net                                     $314,596               $404,415              $287,773             $207,801              $290,019             $370,285              $262,796             $196,265
product inventories, net                                    703,793                606,583               609,983              672,579               647,884              542,805               484,287              536,474
accounts payable                                            467,795                300,232               204,706              237,835               465,928              273,309               209,092              245,249
total debt                                                  568,110                657,120               580,703              666,761               490,217              553,480               564,573              519,650
note: due to rounding, the sum of quarterly percentage amounts may not equal 100%.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2017 comparisons storm activity, as well as cooler-than-normal temperatures late in the first quarter of 2018, inhibited our first quarter sales growth. much of the atlantic coast experienced below-average temperatures in march of 2018, which caused pools to open later than in 2017, and greater storm activity in texas and the central united states and above-average precipitation in california delayed construction activity during the first quarter of 2018. in contrast, unseasonably mild weather benefited sales in the first quarter of 2017 as texas and surrounding markets experienced record warm temperatures.
while warming trends started out slow in the second quarter of 2018, the unfavorable weather comparisons turned around by the end of the quarter. april 2018 sales struggled as much of the country experienced cold to record cold temperatures this year in contrast to warm to record warm temperatures in 2017. with the exception of florida, where it rained most of may and into june, and california, which generally experienced a cooler-than-usual spring, 2018 results in the last two months of the second quarter benefited from the warm weather throughout the country and helped relieve the effects of the slow start from earlier in the year.
36
california wildfires, large amounts of rain throughout texas, and hurricane florence in the carolinas all impacted our sales in the third quarter of 2018. likewise, severe storms in the third quarter of 2017, particularly hurricanes irma and harvey, hindered our sales growth in florida and texas last year, although texas largely recovered by the end of september 2017. in the third quarter of 2018, the west experienced record heat and below-average rainfall, while temperatures were also above-average in the central united states and the midwest, but each experienced above-average rainfall. these weather patterns were consistent with the third quarter of 2017, resulting in overall similar weather comparisons. much of the united states experienced cooler-than-normal temperatures and higher than average precipitation in the fourth quarter of 2018, particularly in texas, making it difficult for customers to initiate and complete projects over this time period.
weather impacts on fiscal year 2017 to fiscal year 2016 comparisons unseasonably mild weather benefited sales in the first quarter of 2017. however, while favorable weather trends early in the year normally have a seasonally larger impact, the comparison to the first quarter of 2016 was especially tough given the benefit of the warmer-than-normal weather across nearly all markets in the united states in the first quarter of 2016. for the first quarter of 2017, texas and surrounding markets experienced record warm temperatures, which when coupled with below-average precipitation for that area, spurred higher sales growth. in two of the more seasonal regions where we operate, below-average temperatures in the north and above-average precipitation in the west negatively impacted our first quarter 2017 sales growth.
cold and wet weather throughout the mid-south and north impacted those seasonal markets in the middle of the second quarter of 2017, while the weather impact overall for the quarter was fairly neutral. temperatures and precipitation throughout most areas, other than those described above, were normal, with only texas benefiting from drier weather in the second quarter of 2017 compared to the above-average rainfall experienced in the same period of 2016.
severe storms in the third quarter of 2017, particularly hurricanes irma and harvey, hindered our sales growth in florida and texas, although texas largely recovered by the end of september. in the central and midwest, temperatures were normal for the third quarter, contrasting with the above-average temperatures in the third quarter of 2016. the west experienced record heat and normal rainfall in the third quarter of 2017, similar to the above-average heat in the same period of 2016. overall, the united states experienced favorable weather in most of the fourth quarter of 2017, particularly in florida, which allowed for sales recovery following hurricane irma.
geographic areas since all of our sales centers have similar operations and share similar economic characteristics, we aggregate our sales centers into a single reportable segment. for additional details, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
for a breakdown of net sales and property, plant and equipment between our united states and international operations, see item 1, "business," of this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is defined as the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet short-term and long-term cash needs. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating activities, taking into consideration the seasonal nature of our business. significant factors which could affect our liquidity include the following:
•   cash flows generated from operating activities;
•   the adequacy of available bank lines of credit;
•   the quality of our receivables;
•   acquisitions;
•   dividend payments;
•   capital expenditures;
•   changes in income tax laws and regulations;
•   the timing and extent of share repurchases; and
•   the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms.
37
our primary capital needs are seasonal working capital obligations and other general corporate initiatives, including acquisitions, dividend payments and share repurchases. our primary sources of working capital are cash from operations supplemented by bank borrowings, which have historically been sufficient to support our growth and finance acquisitions. the same principle applies to funds used for capital expenditures and share repurchases.
we prioritize our use of cash based on investing in our business, maintaining a prudent capital structure, including a modest amount of debt, and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. our specific priorities for the use of cash are as follows:
•   capital expenditures primarily for maintenance and growth of our sales center structure, technology-related investments and fleet vehicles;
•   strategic acquisitions executed opportunistically;
•   payment of cash dividends as and when declared by our board of directors (board);
•   repayment of debt to maintain an average total leverage ratio (as defined below) between 1.5 and 2.0; and
•   repurchases of our common stock under our board authorized share repurchase program.
capital expenditures were 1.1% of net sales in 2018 and 1.4% of net sales in both 2017 and 2016. our higher capital spending in 2017 and 2016 related to expanding our facilities and purchasing delivery vehicles to address growth. over the last 5 years, capital expenditures have averaged roughly 1.0% of net sales.
our capital spending primarily relates to leasehold improvements, delivery and service vehicles and information technology. we focus our capital expenditure plans on the needs of our sales centers. in 2018, we performed an evaluation of our enterprise resource planning system. although we do not anticipate a complete replacement of our enterprise resource planning system, we do plan to migrate our current system to a new environment over a number of years. this plan requires modest, incremental capital investments over that time frame rather than substantial spending. for 2019, based on management's current plans, we project capital expenditures will continue to approximate the historical average.
we believe we have adequate availability of capital to fund present operations and the current capacity to finance any working capital needs that may arise.  we continually evaluate potential acquisitions and hold discussions with acquisition candidates. if suitable acquisition opportunities arise that would require financing, we believe that we have the ability to finance any such transactions.
as of february 21, 2019, $49.2 million of the current board authorized amount under our authorized share repurchase plan remained available. we expect to repurchase additional shares in the open market from time to time depending on market conditions. we plan to fund these repurchases with cash provided by operations and borrowings under the credit and receivables facilities.
sources and uses of cash the following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2018                   2017                    2016
operating activities          $118,656                $175,311                $165,378
investing activities           (34,158    )            (52,220    )            (55,643    )
financing activities           (97,571    )           (114,449    )            (99,672    )
cash provided by operations of $118.7 million for 2018 decreased compared to 2017 primarily due to timing differences from the pre-price increase inventory purchases, which should benefit 2019 cash flows as the inventory is sold. in 2017, cash provided by operations improved compared to 2016 primarily due to our net income growth, partially offset by changes in working capital. excluding the net income benefit from the 2017 tax changes, cash provided by operating activities approximated net income in 2017.
38
cash used in investing activities decreased in 2018 due to a decrease of $10.3 million in payments for acquisitions compared to 2017 and a $7.8 million reduction in net capital expenditures between years. as discussed above, higher capital spending in 2017 addressed our need to expand our fleet of delivery vehicles and make investments in equipment and technology. related to the decrease from 2016 to 2017, our 2017 cash used in investing activities reflects a decrease of $6.9 million in net payments to fund acquisitions, partially offset by a $5.0 million increase of net capital expenditures.
cash used in financing activities decreased in 2018, primarily due to increased net borrowings on our debt arrangements. we had $146.5 million of net proceeds from our debt arrangements in 2018 compared to $82.1 million in 2017, primarily to fund greater share repurchases and the pre-price increase inventory purchases. we repurchased $183.6 million of shares in the open market in 2018 compared to $143.2 million in 2017. in 2016, we had net proceeds from our debt arrangements of $109.4 million, while we repurchased $175.6 million of shares in the open market.
future sources and uses of cash to supplement cash from operations as our primary source of working capital, we will continue to utilize our two major credit facilities, which are the amended and restated revolving credit facility (the credit facility) and the receivables securitization facility (the receivables facility). for additional details regarding these facilities, see note 5 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
revolving credit facility our credit facility provides for $750.0 million in borrowing capacity under a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility and includes sublimits for the issuance of swingline loans and standby letters of credit.  pursuant to an accordion feature, the aggregate maximum principal amount of the commitments under the credit facility may be increased at our request and with agreement by the lenders by up to $75.0 million, to a total of $825.0 million.  the credit facility matures on september 29, 2022. we intend to use the credit facility for general corporate purposes, for future share repurchases and to fund future growth initiatives.
at december 31, 2018, there was $550.1 million outstanding, a $4.8 million standby letter of credit outstanding and $195.1 million available for borrowing under the credit facility. we utilize interest rate swap contracts and forward-starting interest rate swap contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in variable interest rates for future interest payments on the credit facility.  as of december 31, 2018, we had three interest rate swap contracts in place that became effective on october 19, 2016. these swap contracts were previously forward-starting and were amended in october 2015 to bring the fixed rates per our forward-starting contracts in line with current market rates and extend the hedged period for future interest payments on our credit facility. now effective, these amended swap contracts convert the credit facility's variable interest rate to fixed rates of 2.273% on a notional amount of $75.0 million and 2.111% on two separate notional amounts, one $25.0 million and the other $50.0 million, totaling $75.0 million. interest expense related to the notional amounts under these swap contracts is based on the fixed rates plus the applicable margin on the credit facility. these interest rate swap contracts will terminate on november 20, 2019.
in july 2016, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap contract to extend the hedged period for future interest payments on our credit facility to its maturity date at that time. this swap contract will convert the credit facility's variable interest rate to a fixed rate of 1.1425% on a notional amount of $150.0 million. the contract becomes effective on november 20, 2019 and terminates on november 20, 2020.
the weighted average effective interest rate for the credit facility as of december 31, 2018 was approximately 3.5%, excluding commitment fees.
39
financial covenants on the credit facility include maintenance of a maximum average total leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which are our most restrictive financial covenants.  as of december 31, 2018, the calculations of these two covenants are detailed below:
•   maximum average total leverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our average total leverage ratio must be less than 3.25 to 1.00. average total leverage ratio is the ratio of the trailing twelve months (ttm) average total funded indebtedness plus the ttm average accounts securitization proceeds divided by the ttm ebitda (as those terms are defined in the credit facility). as of december 31, 2018, our average total leverage ratio equaled 1.72 (compared to 1.63 as of december 31, 2017) and the ttm average total debt amount used in this calculation was $608.9 million.
•   minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. on the last day of each fiscal quarter, our fixed charge ratio must be greater than or equal to 2.25 to 1.00. fixed charge ratio is the ratio of the ttm ebitdar divided by ttm interest expense paid or payable in cash plus ttm rental expense (as those terms are defined in the credit facility). as of december 31, 2018, our fixed charge ratio equaled 5.33 (compared to 5.53 as of december 31, 2017) and ttm rental expense was $57.4 million.
on january 1, 2019, we adopted asu 2016-02, leases, which requires that we record most of our leases on our balance sheets, but we expect to recognize expenses in a manner similar to current guidance. our credit facility agreement requires that we calculate our financial covenants by excluding the effects of the new standard. we do not expect asu 2016-02 will have a material impact on our financial covenant calculations. for additional details regarding our adoption of this new accounting pronouncement, see note 1 of our "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the credit facility also limits the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock to no more than 50% of the preceding year's net income (as defined in the credit facility), provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the payment of dividends.  additionally, we may declare and pay quarterly dividends notwithstanding that the aggregate amount of dividends paid would be in excess of the 50% limit described above so long as (i) the amount per share of such dividends does not exceed the amount per share paid during the most recent fiscal year in which we were in compliance with the 50% limit and (ii) our average total leverage ratio is less than 3.00 to 1.00 both immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such dividends. further, dividends must be declared and paid in a manner consistent with our past practice.
under the credit facility, we may repurchase shares of our common stock provided no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the repurchase of shares, and our maximum average total leverage ratio (determined on a pro forma basis) is less than 2.50 to 1.00.  other covenants include restrictions on our ability to grant liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, merge or consolidate, and sell or transfer assets.  failure to comply with any of our financial covenants or any other terms of the credit facility could result in higher interest rates on our borrowings or the acceleration of the maturities of our outstanding debt.
receivables securitization facility as amended on october 31, 2018, our two-year receivables facility offers us a lower-cost form of financing, with a peak funding capacity of up to $295.0 million between may 1 and june 30, which includes an additional seasonal funding capacity that is available between march 1 and july 31. other funding capacities range from $95.0 million to $280.0 million throughout the remaining months of the year.
the receivables facility provides for the sale of certain of our receivables to a wholly-owned subsidiary (the securitization subsidiary). the securitization subsidiary transfers variable undivided percentage interests in the receivables and related rights to certain third-party financial institutions in exchange for cash proceeds, limited to the applicable funding capacities. upon payment of the receivables by customers, rather than remitting to the financial institutions the amounts collected, we retain such collections as proceeds for the sale of new receivables until payments become due.
the receivables facility contains terms and conditions (including representations, covenants and conditions precedent) customary for transactions of this type. additionally, an amortization event will occur if we fail to maintain a maximum average total leverage ratio (average total funded debt/ebitda) of 3.25 to 1.00 and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (ebitdar/cash interest expense plus rental expense) of 2.25 to 1.00.
at december 31, 2018, there was $108.5 million outstanding under the receivables facility at a weighted average effective interest rate of 3.3%, excluding commitment fees.
40
compliance and future availability as of december 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements under our credit facility and our receivables facility.  we believe we will remain in compliance with all covenants and financial ratio requirements throughout 2019.  for additional information regarding our debt arrangements, see note 5 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
contractual obligations at december 31, 2018, our contractual obligations for long-term debt and operating leases were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period total         less than1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years       more than5 years long-term debt        $667,799              $9,168                  $108,500                $550,131             $-
operating leases       196,765              50,416                    85,991                  44,338             16,020
$864,564             $59,584                  $194,491                $594,469             $16,020
the table below contains estimated interest payments (in thousands) related to our long-term debt obligations presented in the table above.  we calculated estimates of future interest payments based on the december 31, 2018 outstanding debt balances, using the fixed rates under our interest rate swap agreements for the applicable notional amounts and the weighted average effective interest rates as of december 31, 2018 for the remaining outstanding balances not covered by our swap contracts.  to project the estimated interest expense to coincide with the time periods used in the table above, we projected the estimated debt balances for future years based on the scheduled maturity dates of the credit facility and the receivables facility. for certain of our contractual obligations, such as unrecognized tax benefits, uncertainties exist regarding the timing of future payments and the amount by which these potential obligations will increase or decrease over time. as such, we have excluded unrecognized tax benefits from our contractual obligations table. see notes 5 and 7 of "notes to consolidated financial statements," included in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional discussion related to our debt and more information related to our unrecognized tax benefits.
estimated interest payments due by period total           less than1 year                    1-3 years              3-5 years        more than5 years interest   $77,940         $22,588                        $41,058                $14,294              $-
41
