item 1a. risk factors when evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. these risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. we may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. in addition, the trading prices of our securities and those of our subsidiaries could substantially decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning our company set forth in, or attached as an exhibit to, this annual report on form 10-k, including, without limitation, the information set forth in the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a." in this section, when we state that a risk or uncertainty may, could or will have a "material adverse effect" on us, or may, could or will "materially adversely affect" us, we mean that the risk or uncertainty may, could or will, as the case may be, have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or the trading prices of our securities or those of our subsidiaries.
risks related to sempra energy sempra energy's cash flows, ability to pay dividends and ability to meet its debt obligations largely depend on the performance of its subsidiaries and entities that are accounted for as equity method investments, such as oncor holdings, and the ability to utilize the cash flows from those subsidiaries and equity method investments.
we are a holding company and substantially all our assets are owned by our subsidiaries and in entities accounted for as equity method investments, such as oncor holdings. our ability to pay dividends and to meet our debt and other obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from our subsidiaries and jvs and other entities in which we have invested and, in the short term, our ability to raise capital from external sources. in the long term, cash flows from our subsidiaries and other entities in which we have invested depend on their ability to generate operating cash flows in excess of their own expenditures, common and preferred stock dividends, and debt or other obligations. in addition, the subsidiaries and other entities accounted for as equity method investments are separate and distinct legal entities that are not obligated to pay dividends or make loans or distributions to us, whether to enable us to pay principal and interest on our debt securities, our other obligations or dividends on our common stock or our preferred stock, and could be precluded from paying any such dividends or making any such loans or distributions under certain circumstances, including, without limitation, as a result of legislation, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions or in times of financial distress. the inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments as well from the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and financial condition.
certain credit rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings or place those ratings on negative outlook.
credit rating agencies routinely evaluate sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas, and their long-term and short-term debt ratings are based on a number of factors, including the perceived supportiveness of the regulatory environment affecting utility operations, ability to generate cash flows, level of indebtedness, overall financial strength and the status of certain capital projects, as well as factors beyond our control, such as tax reform, the state of the economy and our industry generally.
moody's, s&p and fitch ratings have increasingly focused on the increased risk of wildfires in california, the current california regulatory environment and the doctrine of inverse condemnation, which under california law imposes strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire (meaning that the utility may be found liable regardless of fault). in 2018, and primarily as a result of their position on the increased risk of wildfires in california and the current california regulatory environment, each of moody's, s&p and fitch ratings downgraded sdg&e's issuer rating, senior secured and senior unsecured credit ratings. on january 21, 2019, s&p downgraded sdg&e's issuer credit rating to bbb+ from a- while maintaining its negative outlook. on january 22, 2019, fitch ratings affirmed sdg&e's long-term issuer default rating at a- but revised the rating outlook to negative from stable. on january 24, 2019, moody's placed sdg&e under review for downgrade. the ratings actions in january 2019 were primarily the result of recent wildfires in california in counties outside of the california utilities' electric service territory and the possible inability to recover costs and expenses in cases where california ious, like the california utilities, are determined to have had their equipment be the cause of a fire. while sdg&e's credit ratings are investment grade, each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no assurance that sdg&e's current credit ratings and ratings outlooks will remain the same or that sdg&e's credit ratings will not be further downgraded.
also, in 2018, each of moody's, s&p and fitch ratings affirmed credit ratings of sempra energy, and socalgas, with moody's and s&p changing sempra energy's outlook to negative, and s&p changing socalgas' outlook to negative.
for sempra energy, the credit rating agencies noted that the following, among other things, could lead to negative ratings actions:
▪   further weakening of sdg&amp;e's business risk profile reflecting persistent california wildfires or if there is little meaningful progress in addressing inverse condemnation via changes in legislation and/or regulation in california that significantly reduces the exposure of electric utilities to strict liability in connection with wildfires;
▪   if sempra energy fails to show a gradual improvement in certain of its financial metrics or does not address upcoming holding company debt maturities;
▪   if cameron lng jv experiences cost overruns or delays requiring a substantially higher amount of equity injection from sempra energy than the credit rating agencies have estimated, or if the project is highly likely to be delayed beyond the long-stop completion date in september 2021 with low likelihood of extension or is terminated, making the exercise of the completion guarantee highly probable; and/or
▪   a downgrade at the california utilities.
for socalgas, the credit rating agencies noted that the following, among others, could lead to a negative ratings action:
▪   a deterioration in the utility's relationship with the cpuc and/or the credit supportiveness of the california regulatory environment;
▪   a weakening to sdg&amp;e's business risk profile reflecting continued and persistent california wildfires without a longer term reform to inverse condemnation; and/or
▪   the 2019 grc results in inadequate relief or higher leverage that weakens socalgas' credit metrics on a sustained basis.
while sempra energy's and socalgas' credit ratings are investment grade, each of the credit rating agencies reviews their ratings periodically, and there is no assurance that sempra energy's and socalgas' current credit ratings and ratings outlooks will remain the same or that sempra energy's and/or socalgas' credit ratings will not be downgraded.
a downgrade of sempra energy's or any of its subsidiaries' credit ratings or rating outlooks may result in a requirement for collateral to be posted in the case of certain financing arrangements and may materially and adversely affect the market prices of their equity and debt securities, the rates at which borrowings are made and commercial paper is issued, and the various fees on their outstanding credit facilities. this could make it significantly more costly for sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas and sempra energy's other subsidiaries to issue debt securities, to borrow under credit facilities and to raise certain other types of capital and/or complete additional financings. such amounts could materially and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally may materially adversely affect us.
our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations.
limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. in difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new or ongoing business activities. this could cause us to reduce non-safety related capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability.
in addition, our variable rate indebtedness and credit facilities may incorporate libor as a benchmark for establishing certain rates. libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms and other pressures may cause libor to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness and/or borrowings, and could impact the applicability of our cash flow hedges.
other factors can affect the availability and cost of credit for our businesses as well as the terms of equity and debt financing, including:
▪   changes or lack of changes to the regulatory environment in the state of california that may negatively affect energy companies generally, or the california utilities in particular;
▪   the failure of the state of california to adequately address the financial and operational risks posed by the increased incidents of wildfires and by inverse condemnation;
▪   the overall health of the energy industry;
▪   volatility in electricity or natural gas prices;
▪   an increase in interest rates by the federal reserve bank;
▪   credit ratings downgrades; and
▪   general economic and financial market conditions.
in addition, over the past two years, california ious have suffered from the potential catastrophic losses resulting from the impact of the multiple wildfires that spread through northern and southern california (the "california wildfires"). while the california wildfires occurred in counties outside of the california utilities' electric service territory, the uncertainty about the outcomes of these matters and the possibility of catastrophic wildfires in the future have negatively impacted confidence in california ious generally, which could materially and adversely impact sempra energy's and the california utilities' ability to access the capital markets at rates that we believe are commercially reasonable.
sempra energy has substantial investments in mexico and south america which expose us to foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax, economic, geo-political and management oversight risk.
we have significant foreign operations in mexico and south america. our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax and economic risks. certain of these risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. all our international businesses are sensitive to geo-political uncertainties and our non-utility international businesses are sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers, all of which may be driven by changes in their environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions, and various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties, as well as u.s. foreign policy. foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and fluctuations in those rates may have an impact on our revenue, costs or cash flows from our international operations, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. our currency exposures are to the mexican, peruvian and chilean currencies. our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities that give rise to mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. our primary objective when we attempt to reduce foreign currency risk is to preserve the economic value of our foreign investments and to reduce earnings volatility that would otherwise occur due to exchange rate fluctuations. we may attempt to hedge material cross-currency transactions and earnings exposure through various means, including financial instruments and short-term investments. we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities. because we do not hedge our net investments in foreign countries, we are susceptible to volatility in oci caused by exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to our south american subsidiaries, whose functional currencies are not the u.s. dollar. we discuss our foreign currency exposure at our mexican subsidiaries in "item 7. md&a" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the current u.s. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements, such as nafta, and u.s. immigration policy by reviewing various options, including tariffs, for funding new mexico-u.s. border security infrastructure. for example, in november 2018, president trump signed the usmca, which, if approved by the legislatures of the u.s., mexico and canada, would replace nafta. such actions could result in changes in the mexican, u.s. and other markets that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. in addition, if nafta is replaced or the u.s. withdraws from the agreement, the mexican government could implement retaliatory actions, such as the imposition of restrictions or import fees on mexican imports of natural gas from the u.s. or imports and exports of electricity to and from the u.s. any of these actions by either or both governments could adversely affect imports and exports between mexico and the u.s. and negatively impact the u.s. and mexican economies and the companies with whom we conduct business in mexico, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or prospects.
we may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from our plan to divest certain of our assets as part of our capital rotation plan, our north american business strategy or our cost reduction efforts and our profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected.
in june 2018, we announced that our board of directors approved a plan to divest all our u.s. solar and wind assets and certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (collectively, the non-utility u.s. assets). additionally, in january 2019, we announced that our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses. while we have completed the sale of a substantial portion of the non-utility u.s. assets and expect to complete the sale of the remaining non-utility u.s. assets in the second quarter of 2019, the pending sale will depend on the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions. while we expect to complete the sale of our south american businesses by the end of 2019, the planned sale will depend on several factors that may be beyond our control, including, but not limited to, market conditions, industry trends, consent rights or other rights granted to or held by third parties and the availability of financing to potential buyers on reasonable terms. further, there can be no assurance that the completed sales, or the pending and planned sales, if completed, will result in additional value to our shareholders, or that we will be able to redeploy any capital that we obtain from such sales in a way that would result in additional value to our shareholders.
if we do not successfully manage our current capital rotation plan, our north american business strategy or our cost reduction efforts, or any other such activities that we may initiate in the future, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted.
our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders.
while we strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with all our shareholders, and welcome their views and opinions with the goal of enhancing value for all our shareholders, activist shareholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management. responding to proposals by activist shareholders, including in connection with a proxy contest instituted by shareholders, would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses (in the case of a proxy contest) and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy. for example, on june 11, 2018, elliott associates, l.p. and elliott international, l.p. (collectively, elliott) and bluescape resources company llc (bluescape), collectively holders of an approximately 4.9-percent economic interest in our outstanding common stock as of such date, delivered a letter and accompanying presentation to our board of directors seeking collaboration with them and management to nominate six new directors identified by elliott and bluescape and establish a committee of the board of directors to conduct portfolio and operational reviews of our business. on september 18, 2018, we announced that we entered into a cooperation agreement with elliott, bluescape and cove key management, lp. under the cooperation agreement, each party has agreed to certain customary standstill restrictions until december 31, 2019, which is subject to extension until september 30, 2020 under certain circumstances. there can be no assurance that the cooperation agreement will be extended and any failure to secure an extension or a termination of the agreement without a resolution could negatively impact the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and other securities. in addition, upon termination of the cooperation agreement, elliott, bluescape and/or cove key management, lp may, among other things, attempt to effect additional significant changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management, which may disrupt our operations by requiring significant time and attention by management and our board of directors. we discuss the cooperation agreement in "md&a - factors influencing future performance."
any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from proposals by activist shareholders or a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability that may be exploited by our competitors and/or other activist shareholders, result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives or attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our business and operating results. we may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of proposals by activist shareholders or proxy contests or matters relating thereto, which would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and could require us to incur significant additional costs.
actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in the trading prices of our common stock and our preferred stock, based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business.
the tcja may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the value of investments in our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
the tcja significantly changed the irc, including taxation of u.s. corporations by, among other things, reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, limiting interest deductions, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, assessing a one-time deemed repatriation tax on cumulative undistributed earnings of u.s.-owned foreign entities at the time of enactment and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. certain aspects of the legislation are subject to interpretation and will require implementing regulations by the u.s. department of the treasury, as well as state tax authorities. the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts. in addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation will be subject to the discretion of the ferc and state public utility commissions.
although it is unclear when or how capital markets, the ferc or state public utility commissions may respond to the tcja, we do expect that certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, will be negatively impacted as a result of an anticipated decrease in required income tax reimbursement payments to us from our domestic utility subsidiaries due to the decrease in the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate. certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt, although there can be no assurance that these strategies will reduce any potential adverse impact from these provisions of the tcja. in addition, although we are not currently expecting the deductibility of our interest costs to affect future earnings based on our method of allocation across our businesses, the interest deduction limitation under the tcja is subject to potential additional guidance or interpretation from the u.s. department of the treasury, and there can be no assurance that any such additional guidance will not impact our current assessment.
it is also uncertain whether additional avenues will evolve for companies to manage the adverse aspects of this legislation. we believe that these strategies, to the extent available and if successfully applied, could lessen any such negative impacts on us, although there can be no assurance in this regard. in addition, adoption of the tcja by state tax authorities, additional interpretations, regulations, amendments or technical corrections could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and on the value of investments in our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
we discuss the effects of the tcja further in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a - results of operations."
risks related to all sempra energy businesses severe weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
like other major industrial facilities, ours may be damaged by severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, mudslides, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism. because we are in the business of using, storing, transporting and disposing of highly flammable and explosive materials, as well as radioactive materials, and operating highly energized equipment, the risks such incidents may pose to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as the risks to the surrounding communities, are substantially greater than the risks such incidents may pose to a typical business. the facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests that may be subject to such incidents include, but are not limited to:
▪   natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines, storage and compressor facilities;
▪   electric transmission and distribution;
▪   power generation plants, including renewable energy and natural gas-fired generation;
▪   marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; and
▪   nuclear power facilities, nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage facilities (through our 20-percent minority interest in songs, which is currently being decommissioned).
such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. such incidents that do not directly affect our facilities may impact our business partners, supply chains and transportation, which could negatively impact construction projects and our ability to provide natural gas and electricity to our customers. any such incident could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
depending on the nature and location of the facilities and infrastructure affected, any such incident also could cause catastrophic fires; natural gas, natural gas odorant, propane or ethane leaks; releases of other ghg; radioactive releases; explosions, spills or other significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties; personal injuries, health impacts or fatalities; or present a nuisance to impacted communities. any of these consequences could lead to significant claims against us. in some cases, we may be liable for damages even though we are not at fault, such as in cases where the doctrine of inverse condemnation applies. we discuss how the application of this doctrine in california imposes strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire (meaning the utility may be found liable regardless of fault) in "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance," in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below under "risks related to the california utilities - insurance coverage for future wildfires may be unobtainable, prohibitively expensive, or insufficient to cover losses we may incur, and we may be unable to recover costs in excess of insurance through regulatory mechanisms." insurance coverage may significantly increase in cost or become prohibitively expensive, may be disputed by the insurers, or may become unavailable for certain of these risks or at sufficient levels, and any insurance proceeds we receive may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities due to the existence of limitations, exclusions, high deductibles, failure to comply with procedural requirements, and other factors, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects, as well as the trading prices of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and tax requirements and may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or requirements or in their interpretation or implementation.
in recent years, the regulatory environment that applies to the electric power and natural gas industries has undergone significant changes on the federal, state and local levels. these changes have affected the nature of these industries and the manner in which their participants conduct their businesses. these changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future course of changes in this regulatory environment or the ultimate effect that this changing regulatory environment will have on our businesses. moreover, existing regulations, laws and tariffs may be revised or reinterpreted, and new regulations, laws and tariffs may be adopted or become applicable to us and our facilities. special tariffs may also be imposed on components used in our businesses that could increase costs.
our businesses are subject to increasingly complex accounting and tax requirements, and the regulations, laws and tariffs that affect us may change in response to economic or political conditions. compliance with these requirements could increase our operating costs. any new tax legislation, regulations or other interpretations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate could materially adversely affect our tax expense and/or tax balances, and changes in tax policies could materially adversely impact our business. changes in regulations, laws and tariffs and how they are implemented and interpreted may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the california utilities and other sempra energy businesses. these rules are commonly referred to as "affiliate rules," which primarily impact commodity and commodity-related transactions. these businesses could be materially adversely affected by changes in these rules or to their interpretations, or by additional cpuc or ferc rules that further restrict our ability to sell electricity or natural gas to, or to trade with, the california utilities and with each other. affiliate rules also restrict these businesses from entering into any such transactions with the california utilities. any such restrictions on or approval requirements for transactions among affiliates could materially adversely affect the lng terminals, natural gas pipelines, electric generation facilities, or other operations of our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
all our existing and planned development projects require multiple approvals. the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; and electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, certificates and other approvals from federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies. once received, approvals may be subject to litigation, and projects may be delayed, or approvals reversed or modified in litigation or otherwise. in addition, permits, licenses, franchise agreements, certificates and other approvals may be modified, rescinded or fail to be extended by one or more of the governmental agencies and authorities that oversee our businesses. socalgas' franchise agreements with los angeles county and the city of los angeles, where the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility is located, are due to expire in 2023 and 2019, respectively. sdg&e's franchise agreement with the city of san diego is due to expire in 2021. if there is a delay in obtaining required regulatory approvals or failure to obtain or maintain required approvals or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may be precluded from constructing or operating facilities, or we may be forced to incur additional costs. further, accidents beyond our control may cause us to violate the terms of conditional use permits, causing delays in projects. any such delay or failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals could cause our sales to materially decline, and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign statutes, rules and regulations and mandates relating to environmental protection, including, air quality, water quality and usage, wastewater discharge, solid waste management, hazardous waste disposal and remediation, conservation of natural resources, wetlands and wildlife, renewable energy resources, climate change and ghg emissions. we are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. additionally, to comply with these legal requirements, we must spend significant amounts on environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, mitigation costs and emissions fees. the california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs for projects are not recoverable in rates. in addition, we may be ultimately responsible for all on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, lng and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure; and other energy projects and properties; regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown, which exposes us to risks arising from contamination at our former or existing facilities or with respect to offsite waste disposal sites that have been used in our operations. in the case of our california and other regulated utilities, some of these costs may not be recoverable in rates. our facilities, including those in our jvs, are subject to laws and regulations that have been the subject of increased enforcement activity with respect to power generation facilities. failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits may subject our businesses to substantial penalties and fines and/or significant curtailments of our operations, which could materially adversely affect our cash flows and/or results of operations.
increasing international, national, regional and state-level environmental concerns as well as related new or proposed legislation and regulation may have substantial negative effects on our operations, operating costs and the scope and economics of proposed expansions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. in particular, state-level laws and regulations, as well as potential state, national and international legislation and regulation relating to the control and reduction of ghg emissions, may materially limit or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations. the implementation of recent and proposed california legislation and regulation may materially adversely affect our non-utility businesses by imposing, among other things, additional costs associated with emission limits, controls and the possible requirement of carbon taxes or the purchase of emissions credits. similarly, sb 350 requires all load-serving entities, including sdg&e, to file integrated resource plans that are intended to ultimately enable the electric sector to achieve reductions in ghg emissions of 40 percent compared to 1990 levels by 2030. our california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs are not recoverable in rates. even if recoverable, the effects of existing and proposed ghg emission reduction standards may cause rates to increase to levels that substantially reduce customer demand and growth and may have a material adverse effect on the california utilities' cash flows. sdg&e may also be subject to significant penalties and fines if certain mandated renewable energy goals are not met.
in addition, existing and future laws, orders and regulations regarding mercury, nitrogen and sulfur oxides, particulates, methane or other emissions could result in requirements for additional monitoring, pollution monitoring and control equipment, safety practices or emission fees, taxes or penalties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows. moreover, existing rules and regulations may be interpreted or revised in ways that may materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows.
we provide further discussion of these matters in "item 7. md&a" and in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows may be materially adversely affected by the outcome of litigation against us.
sempra energy and its subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and arbitration proceedings, including in connection with the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility natural gas leak. we have spent, and continue to spend, substantial amounts of money and time defending these lawsuits and proceedings, and in related investigations and regulatory proceedings. we discuss pending proceedings in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a." the uncertainties inherent in lawsuits, arbitrations and other legal proceedings make it difficult to estimate with any degree of certainty the costs and effects of resolving these matters. in addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards, including punitive damages, in personal injury, product liability, property damage and other claims. accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable in whole or in part by insurance or in rates from our customers, which in each case could materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or financial condition.
we cannot and do not attempt to fully hedge our assets or contract positions against changes in commodity prices. in addition, for those contract positions that are hedged, our hedging procedures may not mitigate our risk as planned.
to reduce financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we may enter into contracts to hedge our known or anticipated purchase and sale commitments, inventories of natural gas and lng, natural gas storage and pipeline capacity and electric generation capacity. as part of this strategy, we may use forward contracts, physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and options. we do not hedge the entire exposure to market price volatility of our assets or our contract positions, and the coverage will vary over time. to the extent we have unhedged positions, or if our hedging strategies do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. certain of the contracts we use for hedging purposes are subject to fair value accounting. such accounting may result in gains or losses in earnings for those contracts. in certain cases, these gains or losses may not reflect the associated losses or gains of the underlying position being hedged.
risk management procedures may not prevent losses.
although we have in place risk management and control systems that use advanced methodologies to quantify and manage risk, these systems may not prevent material losses. risk management procedures may not always be followed as intended by our businesses or may not work as planned. in addition, daily value-at-risk and loss limits are based on historic price movements. if prices significantly or persistently deviate from historic prices, the limits may not protect us from significant losses. as a result of these and other factors, there is no assurance that our risk management procedures will prevent losses that would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
the operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees.
several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on a company-by-company basis. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
new business technologies implemented by us or developed by others present, among other things, a risk for increased attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure.
in addition to general information and cyber risks that all fortune 500 corporations face (e.g. malware, malicious intent by insiders and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. additionally, we often rely on third party vendors to deploy new business technologies and maintain, modify and update our systems, including systems that manage sensitive information. these third parties could fail to establish adequate risk management and information security measures to protect our systems and information. while our computer systems have been, and will continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malware, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not detected a material breach of cybersecurity. addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across sempra energy's businesses, including investing in risk management and information security measures to protect our systems. the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated cyber risks. despite our best efforts, our businesses may not be fully insulated from cyber-attacks and system disruptions. an attack on our information systems, the integrity of the energy grid, our natural gas, ethane, lng, lpg or propane pipeline and storage infrastructure or one of our facilities, or unauthorized access to confidential customer information, could result in energy delivery service failures, financial and reputational loss, violations of privacy laws, customer dissatisfaction and litigation, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
in the ordinary course of business, sempra energy and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage and other information. the theft, damage or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data can subject us to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject us to claims from third parties, require compliance with notification and monitoring regulations, and harm our reputation. sempra energy maintains cyber liability insurance, but this insurance is limited in scope and subject to exceptions, conditions and coverage limitations and may not cover any or even a substantial portion of the costs associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised and there is no guarantee that the insurance that we do maintain will continue to be available at rates that we believe are commercially reasonable.
further, as seen with recent cyber-attacks around the world, the goal of a cyber-attack may be primarily to inflict large-scale harm on a company and the places where it operates. any such cyber-attack could cause widespread disruptions to our operating, financial and administrative systems, including the destruction of critical information and programming that could materially adversely affect our business operations and the integrity of the power grid, negatively impact our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements or comply with ongoing disclosure obligations or other regulatory requirements, and/or release confidential information about our company and our customers, employees and other constituents, any of which could lead to sanctions or negatively affect the general perception of our business in the financial markets and which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to the california utilities the california utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us.
the cpuc regulates the california utilities' rates, except sdg&e's electric transmission rates which are regulated by the ferc. the cpuc also regulates the california utilities':
▪   conditions of service;
▪   sales of securities;
▪   rates of return;
▪   capital structure;
▪   rates of depreciation; and
▪   long-term resource procurement.
the cpuc conducts various reviews and audits of utility operations, safety standards and practices, compliance with cpuc regulations and standards, affiliate relationships and other matters. these reviews and audits may result in disallowances, fines and penalties that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. socalgas and sdg&e may be subject to penalties or fines related to their operation of natural gas pipelines and storage and, for sdg&e, electric operations, under regulations concerning natural gas pipeline safety and citation programs concerning both gas and electric safety, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. we discuss various cpuc proceedings relating to the california utilities' rates, costs, incentive mechanisms and performance-based regulation in notes 4, 15 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a."
the cpuc periodically approves the california utilities' rates based on authorized capital expenditures, operating costs, including income taxes, and an authorized rate of return on investment, as well as settlements. delays by the cpuc on decisions authorizing recovery or denying recovery, after-the-fact reasonableness reviews with unclear standards, authorizations for less than full recovery or rejection of their settlements may adversely affect the working capital, cash flows and financial condition of each of the california utilities. if the california utilities receive an adverse cpuc decision and/or actual capital expenditures and/or operating costs were to exceed the amounts approved by the cpuc, our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
socalgas and sdg&e have significantly invested and continue to invest in major programs, such as psep, under an approved cpuc decision tree framework. however, the total investment to date is substantially subject to cpuc reasonableness review. although we believe these costs have been prudently incurred, the standards applied by the cpuc could result in the disallowance of a portion of these historical costs, which could adversely affect sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the cpuc now incorporates a risk-based decision-making framework in its review of grc applications for major natural gas and electric utilities in california. we cannot estimate whether its application in the 2019 grc or future grc applications will result in full recovery of costs. we discuss this further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in california, there are laws that establish rules governing, among other subjects, communications between cpuc officials, cpuc staff and regulated utilities. rules and processes around ex parte communications could result in delayed decisions, increased investigations, enforcement actions and penalties. in addition, the cpuc or other parties may initiate investigations of past communications between public utilities and cpuc officials and staff that could result in reopening completed proceedings for reconsideration.
the ferc regulates electric transmission rates, the transmission and wholesale sales of electricity in interstate commerce, transmission access, the rates of return on investments in electric transmission assets, and other similar matters involving sdg&e.
the california utilities may be materially adversely affected by new legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations of the cpuc, the ferc or other regulatory bodies. in addition, existing legislation or regulations may be revised or reinterpreted. new, revised or reinterpreted legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations could change how the california utilities operate, could affect their ability to recover various costs through rates or adjustment mechanisms, or could require them to incur substantial additional expenses. in september 2018, the governor of california signed into law sb 901, which includes a number of measures primarily intended to address certain wildfire risks relevant to consumers and utilities and guidelines for the cpuc to determine whether utilities acted reasonably in order to recover costs related to wildfires. among other things, sb 901 also contains provisions for utility issuance of recovery bonds with respect to certain wildfire costs, subject to cpuc approval. sb 901 did not change the doctrine of inverse condemnation, which imposes strict liability on a utility (meaning that the utility may be found liable regardless of fault) whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire. we are unable to predict how the cpuc will apply sb 901 and its impact on the california utilities' ability to recover certain costs and expenses in cases where the california utilities' equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire, and specifically in the context of the application of inverse condemnation.
the construction and expansion of the california utilities' natural gas pipelines, socalgas' storage facilities and sdg&e's electric transmission and distribution facilities require numerous permits, licenses, rights-of-way and other approvals from federal, state and local governmental agencies, including approvals and renewals of rights-of-way over native american tribal land held in trust by the federal government. successfully maintaining or renewing any or all of these approvals could result in higher costs or, in the event one or more of these approvals were to expire, could require us to remove the associated assets from service, construct new assets intended to bypass the impacted area, or both, and our ability to recover higher costs associated with these events cannot be assured. if there are delays in obtaining these approvals, failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, difficulties in renewing rights-of-way and other property rights, or failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, the california utilities' businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be adversely affected.
successfully coordinating and completing expansion and construction projects requires good execution from our employees and contractors, cooperation of third parties and the absence of litigation and regulatory delay. in the event that one or more of these projects is delayed or experiences significant cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on the california utilities. the california utilities may invest a significant amount of money in a major capital project prior to receiving regulatory approval. if the project does not receive regulatory approval, if the regulatory approval is conditioned on major changes, or if management decides not to proceed with the project, they may be unable to recover any or all amounts invested in that project, which could materially adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
our california utilities are also affected by the activities of organizations such as turn, utility consumers' action network, sierra club and other stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups. operations that may be influenced by these groups include:
▪   the rates and rate design used to charge to our customers;
▪   our ability to site and construct new facilities;
▪   our ability to purchase, construct or enter into other arrangements with generating facilities;
▪   our ability to shut down power for safety reasons, including potentially dangerous wildfire conditions;
▪   general safety;
▪   accounting and income tax matters, including changes in tax law;
▪   transactions between affiliates;
▪   the installation of environmental emission controls equipment;
▪   our ability to decommission generating and other facilities and recover the remaining carrying value of such facilities and related costs;
▪   our ability to recover costs incurred in connection with nuclear decommissioning activities from trust funds established to pay for such costs;
▪   the amount of certain sources of energy we must use, such as renewable sources; limits on the amount of certain energy sources we can use, such as natural gas; and programs to encourage reductions in energy usage by customers; and
▪   the amount of costs associated with these and other operations that may be recovered from customers.
extreme weather conditions, changing weather patterns and population growth in areas of the state of california in environments with historically higher risk of wildfires could materially affect the california utilities' and sempra energy's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
frequent and more severe drought conditions, unseasonably warm temperatures and stronger winds have increased the degree and prevalence of wildfires in california including in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories, which could place third party property and our electric and natural gas infrastructure in jeopardy and reduce the availability of hydroelectric generators. this could result in temporary power shortages in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories and/or catastrophic destruction of third party property for which sdg&e or socalgas may be liable and unable to recover from ratepayers or may have inadequate insurance coverage. sb 901, signed into law in 2018, includes a number of measures primarily intended to address certain wildfire risks relevant to consumers and utilities and guidelines for the cpuc to determine whether utilities acted reasonably in order to recover costs related to wildfires. however, in the event of a significant wildfire involving sdg&e equipment, sb 901 may not be sufficient to enable timely access to capital necessary to address, in whole or in part, inverse condemnation liabilities, or could result in the inability to pass such liabilities through to customers even if sdg&e complies with its wildfire mitigation plans. in addition to these changing environmental conditions, the state of california has been subject to housing shortages such that certain local land use policies and forestry management practices have been relaxed in certain cases to allow for the construction and development of residential and commercial projects in high risk fire areas that may not have the infrastructure or contingency plans necessary to address such risk. in addition, severe weather conditions could result in delays and/or cost increases to our capital projects.
severe rainstorms and associated high winds in our service territories, as well as flooding and mudslides where vegetation has been destroyed as result of human modification or wildfires, could damage our electric and natural gas infrastructure, resulting in increased expenses, including higher maintenance and repair costs and interruptions in electricity and natural gas delivery services. as a result, these events can have significant financial consequences, including regulatory penalties and disallowances if the california utilities encounter difficulties in restoring service to their customers on a timely basis. further, the cost of storm restoration efforts may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. any such events could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, flooding caused by rising sea levels could damage the california utilities' facilities, including gas and electric transmission and distribution assets. the california utilities could incur substantial costs to repair or replace these facilities, restore service, or compensate customers and other third parties for damages or injuries.
events or conditions caused by climate change could have a greater impact on the california utilities' operations than the california utilities currently anticipate. if the cpuc fails to adjust the california utilities' rates to reflect the impact of events or conditions caused by climate change or if a major fire is determined to be caused by our equipment, sempra energy's and the california utilities' business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected.
insurance coverage for future wildfires may be unobtainable, prohibitively expensive or insufficient to cover losses we may incur, and we may be unable to recover costs in excess of insurance through regulatory mechanisms.
we have experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for wildfires that could arise from the california utilities' operations, particularly sdg&e's operations. in addition, the insurance that has been obtained for wildfire liabilities may not be sufficient to cover all losses that we may incur. uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance may not be recoverable in customer rates. california courts have invoked the doctrine of inverse condemnation for wildfire damages, whereby if a utility company's equipment, such as its electric distribution and transmission lines, are determined to be a cause of one or more fires, the utility could be held strictly liable for damages, as well as attorneys' fees, without having been found negligent. as a result of the strict liability standard applied to wildfires, recent losses recorded by insurance companies, and the risk of an increase in the number and size of wildfires, insurance for wildfire liabilities may not be available or may be available only at rates that are prohibitively expensive. in addition, even if insurance for wildfire liabilities is available, it may not be available in such amounts as are necessary to cover potential losses. a loss which is not fully insured or cannot be recovered in customer rates, which was the result in a decision by the cpuc denying sdg&e's recovery of costs for the 2007 wildfires, could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and one or both of the california utilities' financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. we are unable to predict whether we would be allowed to recover in rates the increased costs of insurance or the costs of any uninsured losses.
the california utilities are subject to risks arising from the operation and improvement of their electricity and natural gas infrastructure and information technology systems, which, if they materialize, could adversely affect sempra energy's and the california utilities' financial results.
the california utilities own and operate electric transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas storage facilities, which are, in many cases, interconnected and/or managed by information technology systems. the california utilities undertake substantial capital investment projects to construct, replace, improve and upgrade these facilities and systems, but while these capital investment projects are in process and even once completed, there is a risk of, among other things, potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure and information technology systems, human error in operations or maintenance, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. in addition, as discussed above, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.
additional risks associated with the ability of the california utilities to safely and reliably operate, maintain, improve and upgrade their facilities and systems, many of which are beyond the california utilities' control, include:
▪   challenges associated with meeting customer demand for electricity and/or natural gas that results in customer curtailments, controlled/uncontrolled gas outages, gas surges back into homes, serious personal injury or loss of life;
▪   a prolonged statewide electrical black-out that results in damage to the california utilities' equipment or damage to property owned by customers or other third parties;
▪   inadequate emergency preparedness plans and the failure to respond effectively to a catastrophic event that could lead to public or employee harm or extended outages; severe weather events such as storms, tornadoes, floods, drought, earthquakes, tsunamis, fires, pandemics, solar events, electromagnetic events or other natural disasters;
▪   the release of hazardous or toxic substances into the air, water or soil, including, for example, gas leaks from natural gas storage facilities; and
▪   attacks by third parties, including cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, vandalism or war.
the occurrence of any of these events could affect demand for electricity or natural gas; cause unplanned outages; damage the california utilities' assets and/or operations; damage the assets and/or operations of third parties on which the california utilities rely; damage property owned by customers or others; and cause personal injury or death. as a result, the california utilities could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair assets and restore service, and to compensate third parties. any such events could materially adversely affect sempra energy's and one or both of the california utilities' financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
socalgas has incurred and may continue to incur significant costs and expenses related to the natural gas leak at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and mitigating local community environmental impacts from the leak, some or a substantial portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance, and socalgas also may incur significant liabilities for damages, restitution, fines, penalties and other costs, and emissions mitigation activities as a result of this incident, some or a significant portion of which may not be recoverable through insurance or may exceed insurance coverage.
in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, located in the northern part of the san fernando valley in los angeles county, california. ss25 is one of more than 100 injection-and-withdrawal wells at the storage facility. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak, and in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
local community mitigation efforts pursuant to directives by the dph and orders by the la superior court, socalgas provided temporary relocation support to residents in the nearby community who requested it, at significant cost to socalgas. these programs ended in july 2016.
in may 2016, the dph issued a directive that socalgas additionally professionally clean (in accordance with the proposed protocol prepared by the dph) the homes of all residents located within the porter ranch neighborhood council boundary, or who participated in the relocation program, or who are located within a five-mile radius of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and experienced symptoms from the leak (the directive). socalgas disputes the directive, contending that it is invalid and unenforceable, and has filed a petition for writ of mandate to set aside the directive.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts have been significant and may increase, and we may be subject to potentially significant damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs. to the extent any of these costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
civil and criminal litigation as of february 21, 2019, 393 lawsuits, including approximately 48,000 plaintiffs, are pending against socalgas, some of which have also named sempra energy.
five shareholder derivative actions alleging breach of fiduciary duties have been filed against certain officers and directors of sempra energy and/or socalgas, four of which were joined in a consolidated shareholder derivative complaint in august 2017. three complaints have also been filed by public entities, including the california attorney general and the county of los angeles. these complaints seek various remedies, including injunctive relief, abatement of the public nuisance, civil penalties, payment of the cost of a longitudinal health study and money damages, as well as punitive damages and attorneys' fees. additional litigation may be filed against us in the future related to the leak or our responses thereto. in august 2018, socalgas entered into an agreement to settle these public entity actions, which was approved by the la superior court in february 2019. these various lawsuits have been coordinated before a single court and will be managed under master complaints.
additionally, a misdemeanor criminal complaint was filed by the la county district attorney's office, as to which socalgas entered a settlement that was approved by the la superior court but is subject to appeal by certain residents. in addition, a federal securities class action alleging violation of the federal securities laws was filed against sempra energy and certain of its officers and directors in the sdca. this complaint was dismissed by the court in march 2018, and in december 2018, the court declined to reconsider its order. for a more detailed description of the civil and criminal lawsuits brought against us, see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the costs of defending against the civil and criminal lawsuits, cooperating with these investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, if awarded or imposed, as well as the costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas storage operations and regulatory proceedings natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. as a result of the leak, beginning october 24, 2015, pursuant to orders by doggr and the governor of the state of california, and sb 380, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region. the order establishing the scope of the proceeding expressly excludes issues with respect to air quality, public health, causation, culpability or cost responsibility regarding the leak. following a comprehensive safety review and authorization by doggr and the cpuc's executive director, socalgas resumed limited injection operations in july 2017. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility began in 2017 and continued in 2018 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods. in january 2019, the cpuc concluded phase 1 of the proceeding initiated in february 2017 by establishing a framework for the hydraulic, production cost and economic modeling assumptions for the potential reduction in usage or elimination of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. phase 2 of the proceeding began in the first quarter of 2019 and will evaluate the impacts of reducing or eliminating the usage of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility using the established framework and models.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2018, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility had a net book value of $724 million. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
governmental investigations, orders and additional regulation various governmental agencies, including doe, doggr, dph, scaqmd, carb, los angeles regional water quality control board, california division of occupational safety and health, cpuc, phmsa, epa, los angeles county district attorney's office and california attorney general's office, have investigated or are investigating this incident. in january 2016, doggr and the cpuc selected blade energy partners to conduct, under their supervision, an independent analysis of the technical root cause of the leak, to be funded by socalgas. the root cause analysis is ongoing, and its timing is under the control of blade energy partners, doggr and the cpuc.
in march 2016, the carb issued its recommended approach to achieve full mitigation of the emissions from the leak, and in october 2016, issued its report concluding that socalgas should mitigate 109,000 metric tons of methane to fully mitigate the ghg impacts of the leak. this mitigation will be achieved through a mitigation agreement socalgas has entered in connection with its settlement of public entity complaints. for a more detailed description of the settlement, see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
phmsa, doggr, scaqmd, epa and carb have each commenced separate rulemaking proceedings to adopt further regulations covering natural gas storage facilities and injection wells. doggr has issued new draft regulations for all storage fields in california, and in 2016, the california legislature enacted four separate bills providing for additional regulation of natural gas storage facilities. additional hearings in the california legislature, as well as with various other federal and state regulatory agencies, may be scheduled, and additional laws, orders, rules and regulations may be adopted.
higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable through insurance or in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any such new laws, orders, rules and regulations.
insurance and estimated costs excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have at least four kinds of insurance policies that together provide between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. these policies are subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions. we intend to pursue the full extent of our insurance coverage for the costs we have incurred or may incur. through december 31, 2018, we have received $566 million of insurance proceeds for portions of control-of-well expenses, lost gas, temporary relocation, and other costs. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for costs related to the leak under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining additional recovery or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations.
at december 31, 2018, socalgas estimates that its costs related to the leak are $1,055 million, which includes $1,027 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. in addition, costs not included in the cost estimate of $1,055 million could be material. as described in "civil and criminal litigation" above, the actions against us seek compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the $1,055 million cost estimate as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs. the recorded amounts above also do not include costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directive, future legal costs to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, the cost estimate of $1,055 million does not include certain other costs incurred by sempra energy through december 31, 2018 associated with defending shareholder derivative lawsuits. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining insurance coverage for these costs under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
additional information we discuss aliso canyon natural gas storage facility matters further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance."
natural gas pipeline safety assessments may not be fully or adequately recovered in rates.
pending the outcome of various regulatory agency evaluations of natural gas pipeline safety regulations, practices and procedures, sempra energy, including the california utilities, may incur incremental expense and capital investment associated with their natural gas pipeline operations and investments. the california utilities filed implementation plans with the cpuc to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines located in populated areas that either have not been pressure tested or lack sufficient documentation of a pressure test, to enhance existing valve infrastructure and to retrofit pipelines to allow for the use of in-line inspection technology, referred to as socalgas' and sdg&e's psep.
in june 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' plan for implementing psep and established criteria to determine the amounts related to psep that may be recovered from ratepayers and the processes for recovery of such amounts, including providing that such costs are subject to a reasonableness review. in the future, certain psep costs may be subject to recovery as determined by separate regulatory filings with the cpuc, including grc filings.
various psep-related proceedings are regularly pending before the cpuc regarding the california utilities' reasonableness review and cost recovery requests, which are often challenged by intervening parties. these proceedings are described in more detail in "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance." in the future, consumer advocacy groups may similarly challenge the california utilities' petitions for recovery and recommend disallowances in whole or in part with respect to applications to recover psep costs.
from 2011 through 2018, socalgas and sdg&e have invested approximately $1.5 billion and $372 million, respectively, in psep, with substantial additional expenditures planned. as of december 31, 2018, socalgas has received approval for recovery of $33 million. if the cpuc denies or significantly delays rate recovery for psep and other gas pipeline safety costs incurred by socalgas and sdg&e, it could materially adversely affect the respective company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the california utilities are subject to increasingly stringent safety standards and the potential for significant penalties if regulators deem either sdg&e or socalgas to be out of compliance.
sb 291 requires the cpuc to develop and maintain a safety enforcement program that includes procedures for monitoring, data tracking and analysis, and investigations, and delegates citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. in exercising this citation authority, the cpuc staff is to take into account voluntary reporting of potential violations, voluntary resolution efforts undertaken, prior history of violations, the gravity of the violation and the degree of culpability. the cpuc previously implemented both electric and gas safety enforcement programs whereby electric and gas utilities may be cited by cpuc staff for violations of the cpuc's safety requirements or applicable federal standards.
under each enforcement program, each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense. cpuc staff has authority to issue citations up to an administrative limit of $8 million per citation under either program and such citations may be appealed to the cpuc. although citations issued under these enforcement programs do include an administrative limit, penalties issued by the cpuc can exceed this limit, having exceeded $1.5 billion in one instance for an unrelated third party.
if the cpuc or its staff determine that either of sdg&e's or socalgas' operations and practices are not in compliance with applicable safety standards and operating procedures, the corrective or mitigation actions required to be in conformance, if not sufficiently funded in customer rates, and any penalties imposed, could materially adversely affect that company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
the failure by the cpuc to continue reforms of sdg&e's rate structure, including the implementation of charges independent of consumption volume and reforms to reduce nem rate subsidies, could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the current electric residential rate structure in california is primarily based on consumption volume, which places a higher rate burden on customers with higher electric use while subsidizing lower use customers.
the nem program is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation (primarily solar installations). under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail rate for the energy they generate that is fed to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds their own energy usage (wholesale rates apply only if a customer's annual generation exceeds their annual consumption). under this structure, nem customers do not pay their proportionate share of the cost of maintaining and operating the electric transmission and distribution system, subject to certain limitations, while they still receive electricity from the system when their self-generation is inadequate to meet their electricity needs. the unpaid nem costs are subsidized by customers not participating in nem. accordingly, as higher electric-use residential customers switch to nem and self-generate energy, the burden on the remaining customers increases, which in turn encourages more self-generation, further increasing rate pressure on existing customers.
sdg&e implemented a successor nem tariff in july 2016, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the original nem program. the successor nem tariff requires nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. these changes to the nem program begin a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers, but sdg&e believes that further reforms are necessary and appropriate. in a january 2016 decision, the cpuc committed to revisit the nem successor tariff and the adequacy of its nem reforms, and we expect the review to begin in the second half of 2019.
the status of broader rate reform was established in july 2015, when the cpuc adopted a decision that provides a framework for rates that are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision provides for a minimum monthly bill, fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the differences between the tiered rates, directs the utilities to pursue expanded tou rates and implemented a super-user electric surcharge for usage that exceeds the baseline amount of energy used by customers by approximately 400 percent. the decision is being implemented over a five-year period from 2015 to 2020. the decision should result in relief for higher-use customers that do not exceed the super-user threshold and a rate structure that better aligns rates with actual costs to serve customers. the decision also establishes a process for utilities to seek implementation of a fixed charge for residential customers in 2020 (but it also sets certain conditions for the implementation of a fixed charge), after the initial reforms are implemented. we believe the establishment of a charge independent of consumption volume for residential customers may become more critical to help ensure rates are fair for all customers. distributed energy resources and energy efficiency initiatives could generally reduce delivered volumes, increasing the importance of a fixed charge. in addition, the continuing increase of solar installations and other forms of self-generation adversely impacts the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system and could increase fixed costs.
if the cpuc fails to continue to reform sdg&e's rate structure to maintain reasonable, cost-based electric rates that are competitive with alternative sources of power and adequate to maintain the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system, such failure could lead to the disallowance of recovery for our costs, including power procurement costs, operating or capital costs, or the imposition of fines and penalties. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the electricity industry is undergoing significant change, including increased deployment of distributed energy resources, technological advancements, and political and regulatory developments.
electric utilities in california are experiencing increasing deployment of distributed energy resources, such as solar, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. this growth will eventually require modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect distributed energy resources. the cpuc is conducting proceedings to: evaluate various demonstration projects and pilots; implement changes to the planning and operation of the electric distribution grid in order to prepare for higher penetration of distributed energy resources; consider future grid modernization and grid reinforcement investments; evaluate if traditional grid investments can be deferred by distributed energy resources, and if feasible, what, if any, compensation would be appropriate; and clarify the role of the electric distribution grid operator. these proceedings may result in new regulations, policies and/or operational changes that could materially adversely affect sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
sdg&e provides bundled electric procurement service through various resources that are typically procured on a long-term basis. while sdg&e provides such procurement service for most of its customer load, customers do have the ability to receive procurement service from a load serving entity other than sdg&e, through programs such as da and cca. da is currently limited by a cap based on gigawatt hours. utility customers could also receive procurement through cca, if the customer's local jurisdiction (city) offers such a program. several local political jurisdictions, including the city of san diego and other municipalities, are considering or implementing a cca, which could result in the departure of more than half of sdg&e's bundled load. when customers are served by another load serving entity, sdg&e no longer serves this departing load and the associated costs of the utility's procured resources could be borne by its remaining bundled procurement customers. state law requires that customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb the cost of above-market electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. if adequate mechanisms are not maintained to ensure compliance with state law, remaining bundled customers of sdg&e could potentially experience large increases in rates for commodity costs under commitments made on behalf of cca customers prior to their departure, which may not be fully recoverable in rates by sdg&e. if legislative, regulatory or legal action were taken to prevent the timely recovery of these procurement costs or if mechanisms are not in place to ensure compliance with state law, the unrecovered costs could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas and natural gas storage used in california to generate electricity has increasingly been the subject of political and public scrutiny, including a desire by some to further limit or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source.
california legislators and stakeholder, advocacy and activist groups have expressed a desire to further limit or eliminate reliance on natural gas as an energy source by advocating increased use of renewable energy and electrification in lieu of the use of natural gas. a substantial reduction or the elimination of natural gas as an energy source in california could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's, socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sdg&e may incur substantial costs and liabilities as a result of its partial ownership of a nuclear facility that is being decommissioned.
sdg&e has a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, formerly a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, that is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, the majority owner of songs. songs is subject to the jurisdiction of the nrc and the cpuc. sdg&e, and each of the other owners, holds its undivided interest as a tenant in common in the property, and each owner is responsible for financing its share of expenses and capital expenditures, including decommissioning activities. although the facility is being decommissioned, sdg&e's ownership interest in songs continues to subject it to the risks of owning a partial interest in a nuclear generation facility, which include:
▪   the potential release of a radioactive material including from a natural disaster such as an earthquake or tsunami that could cause a catastrophic failure of the safety systems in place that are designed to prevent the release of radioactive material. if radioactive material is released including as a result of such failure, a substantial amount of radiation could be released and cause catastrophic harm to human health and the environment;
▪   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the prior operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;
▪   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operations and the decommissioning of the facility; and
▪   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning the facility.
in addition, sdg&e maintains ndts for providing funds to decommission songs. trust assets have been generally invested in equity and debt securities, which are subject to significant market fluctuations. a decline in the market value of trust assets or an adverse change in the law regarding funding requirements for decommissioning trusts could increase the funding requirements for these trusts, which in each case may not be fully recoverable in rates. furthermore, cpuc approval is required in order to make withdrawals from these trusts. cpuc approval for certain expenditures may be denied by the cpuc altogether if the cpuc determines that the expenditures are unreasonable. finally, decommissioning may be materially more expensive than we currently anticipate and therefore decommissioning costs may exceed the amounts in the trust funds. rate recovery for overruns would require cpuc approval, which may not occur.
interpretations of tax regulations could impact access to ndt funds for reimbursement of spent nuclear fuel management costs. depending on how the irs or the u.s. department of treasury ultimately interprets or alters regulations addressing the taxation of a qualified ndt, sdg&e may be restricted from withdrawing amounts from its qualified decommissioning trusts to pay for spent fuel management while edison and sdg&e are seeking, or plan to seek, recovery of spent fuel management costs in litigation against, or in settlements with, the doe. in december 2016, the irs and the u.s. department of treasury issued proposed regulations that clarify the definition of "nuclear decommissioning costs," which are costs that may be paid for or reimbursed from a qualified trust fund. these proposed regulations will be effective prospectively once they are finalized. sdg&e is awaiting the adoption of, or additional refinement to, the proposed regulations before determining whether the proposed regulations will allow sdg&e to access the ndt funds for reimbursement or payment of the spent fuel management costs incurred in 2017 and subsequent years. until the doe litigation is resolved and/or irs regulations regarding spent fuel management costs are confirmed to apply, sdg&e expects to continue to pay for its share of such spent fuel management costs. if sdg&e is unable to obtain timely access to the trusts for these costs, sdg&e's cash flows could be negatively impacted.
the occurrence of any of these events could result in a substantial reduction in our expected recovery and have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to our businesses other than the california utilities business development activities may not be successful and projects under construction may not commence operation as scheduled, be completed within budget or operate at expected levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the acquisition, development, construction and expansion of lng liquefaction, marine and inland ethane and liquid fuels, and lpg terminals and storage; natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and distribution and storage facilities; electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure; and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, fuel supply, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built.
success in developing a project is contingent upon, among other things:
▪   negotiation of satisfactory epc agreements;
▪   negotiation of satisfactory lng offtake and jv agreements;
▪   negotiation of supply, natural gas and lng sales agreements or firm capacity service agreements and ppas;
▪   timely receipt of required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations and rights-of-way and maintenance or extension of these authorizations;
▪   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction; and
▪   obtaining adequate and reasonably priced financing for the project.
successful completion of a project may be materially adversely affected by, among other factors:
▪   unforeseen engineering problems;
▪   construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls;
▪   work stoppages;
▪   failure to obtain, maintain or extend required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations and rights-of-way;
▪   equipment unavailability or delay and cost increases;
▪   adverse weather conditions;
▪   environmental and geological conditions;
▪   litigation; and
▪   unsettled property rights.
if we are unable to complete a development project or if we have substantial delays or cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the operation of existing and future facilities also involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of liquefaction, regasification and storage facilities, electric generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure or other equipment or processes, labor disputes, fuel interruption, environmental contamination and operating performance below expected levels. in addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt liquefaction, generation, regasification, storage, transmission and distribution systems. the occurrence of any of these events could lead to our facilities being idled for an extended period of time or our facilities operating well below expected capacity levels, which may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs and penalties. such occurrences could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the design, development and construction of the cameron lng liquefaction facility involves numerous risks and uncertainties.
with respect to our project to add lng export capability at the cameron lng facility, cameron lng jv is building an lng export facility consisting of three liquefaction trains designed to a total nameplate capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capability of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day. if the estimated construction, financing and other project costs for the facility exceed our contingency associated with the project budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision, we may have to make additional, unexpected cash contributions. the majority of the investment in the liquefaction project is project-financed and the balance is provided by the project partners. any failure by the project partners to make their required investments on a timely basis could result in project delays and could materially adversely affect the development of the project. in addition, sempra energy has guaranteed a maximum of up to $3.9 billion related to the project financing and financing-related agreements. these guarantees terminate upon cameron lng jv achieving "financial completion" of the initial three-train liquefaction project, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation. if, due to cameron lng jv's failure to satisfy the financial completion criteria, we are required to repay some or all of the $3.9 billion under our guarantees, any such repayments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, severe weather events, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. based on a number of factors, we believe it is reasonable to expect that cameron lng jv will start generating earnings in the middle of 2019. these factors include, among others, the terms of the settlement agreement entered into in december 2017 with the epc contractor to settle certain contractor's claims, the epc contractor's progress to date, the current commissioning activities, the remaining work left to be performed, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. the inability to complete the project in accordance with the current schedule, cost overruns, and the other risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, credit ratings and/or prospects. for additional discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance."
we face many challenges to develop and complete our contemplated lng export facilities.
in addition to the three-train cameron lng liquefaction facility described above, we are looking at several other lng export terminal development opportunities, including a greenfield project in port arthur, texas, two brownfield projects at our existing eca regasification facility in baja california, mexico (a mid-scale and large-scale project) and an expansion of up to two additional liquefaction trains at the cameron liquefaction facility. each of these contemplated projects faces numerous risks and must overcome significant hurdles before we can proceed with construction. common to all these projects is the risk that global oil prices and their associated current and forward projections could reduce the demand for natural gas in some sectors and cause a corresponding reduction in projected global demand for lng. this could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. such reduction in natural gas demand could also occur from higher penetration of alternative fuels in new power generation, which could also lead to increased competition among the lng suppliers for the declining lng demand. at certain moderate levels, oil prices could also make lng projects in other parts of the world still feasible and competitive with lng projects from north america, thus increasing supply and the competition for the available lng demand. a decline in natural gas prices outside the u.s. (which in many foreign countries are based on the price of crude oil) may also materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing).
sempra lng & midstream is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project near port arthur, texas and is in discussions with the co-owners of cameron lng jv regarding the potential expansion of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. in addition, sempra lng & midstream and ienova are jointly developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing eca regasification facility in mexico.
in june 2018, sempra lng & midstream selected bechtel as the epc contractor for the proposed port arthur liquefaction project. bechtel is to perform the engineering, execution planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for the project. the current arrangement with bechtel does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project. in december 2018, polish oil & gas company and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year from the port arthur lng liquefaction project. this sale and purchase agreement is subject to conditions precedent, including our positive final investment decision for the port arthur liquefaction project.
in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential eca liquefaction-export project and the potential cameron lng expansion project, but does not obligate any of the parties to enter into definitive agreements or participate in the project. the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects and provides total s.a. the option to acquire an equity interest in the proposed eca lng liquefaction facility project, though the ultimate participation by total s.a. remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors.
in june 2018, we selected a technipfmc plc and kiewit corporation partnership as the epc contractor for the first phase of the potential eca liquefaction-export project (eca lng phase1). the technipfmc-kiewit partnership is to perform the engineering, planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for eca lng phase 1. the current arrangement with the technipfmc-kiewit partnership does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project.
in november 2018, sempra lng & midstream and ienova signed heads of agreements with affiliates of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. for eca lng phase 1. we expect eca lng phase 1 to be a single train liquefaction facility located within the existing lng receipt terminal site with a capacity of approximately 2.4 mtpa of lng for export to global markets. each heads of agreement for eca lng phase 1 contemplates the parties negotiating definitive 20-year lng sales and purchase agreements for the purchase of approximately 0.8 mtpa of lng from the eca lng facility, but does not obligate the parties to ultimately execute any agreements or participate in the project.
the ultimate participation of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. in the potential eca lng project as contemplated by the heads of agreements remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors. the development of the eca lng phase 1 and phase 2 projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining binding customer commitments, the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including a definitive epc contract, equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment.
expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions under the joint venture project financing agreements, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from the project lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. we expect that discussions on the potential expansion will continue among all the cameron lng jv members. there can be no assurance that a mutually agreeable expansion structure will be agreed to unanimously by the cameron lng jv members, which if not accomplished in a timely manner, could materially and adversely impact the development of the expansion project. in light of this, we are unable to predict whether or when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on expansion of the cameron lng liquefaction facility beyond the first three trains.
any decisions by sempra energy or our potential counterparties to proceed with binding agreements with respect to the potential development (or expansion) of our liquefaction projects will require, among other things, obtaining customer commitments to purchase lng, completion of project assessments and achieving other necessary internal and external approvals of each party. in addition, all our proposed projects are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the receipt of a number of permits and approvals; finding suitable partners and customers; obtaining financing and incentives; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including equity acquisition and governance agreements, natural gas supply and transportation agreements, lng sale and purchase agreements and construction contracts; and reaching a final investment decision.
furthermore, there are a number of potential new projects under construction or in the process of development by various project developers in north america, in addition to ours, and given the projected global demand for lng, the vast majority of these projects likely will not be completed. with respect to our port arthur, texas project, this is a greenfield site, and therefore it may not have the advantages often associated with brownfield sites. the eca facility in mexico is subject to on-going land and permit disputes that could make project financing difficult as well as finding suitable partners and customers. in addition, while we have completed the regulatory process for an lng export facility in the u.s., the regulatory process in mexico and the overlay of u.s. regulations for natural gas exports to an lng export facility in mexico are not well developed. there can be no assurance that such a facility could be permitted and constructed without facing significant legal challenges and uncertainties, which in turn could make project financing, as well as finding suitable partners and customers, difficult. finally, eca has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
there can be no assurance that our contemplated lng export facilities will be completed, and our inability to complete one or more of our contemplated lng export facilities could have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, results of operations and prospects.
we discuss these projects further in "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance."
domestic and international hydraulic fracturing operations are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties that could increase the costs of doing business, impose additional operating restrictions or delays, and adversely affect production of lng and reduce or eliminate lng export opportunities and demand.
hydraulic fracturing operations in the u.s. and outside the u.s. face political and economic risks and other uncertainties with respect to their operations. several states have adopted or are considering adopting regulations to impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. in addition to state laws, some local municipalities have adopted or are considering adopting land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, that may restrict the performance of or prohibit the well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but federal agencies, including the epa and the bureau of land management of the u.s. department of the interior, have asserted regulatory authority over certain hydraulic fracturing activities. in addition, the u.s. congress has from time to time considered legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the safe drinking water act and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. there are also certain governmental reviews that have been conducted or are underway on deep shale and other formation completion and production practices, including hydraulic fracturing. depending on the outcome of these studies, federal and state legislatures and agencies may seek to further regulate or even ban such activities. certain environmental and other groups have also suggested that additional federal, state and local laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. in addition, hydraulic fracturing operations may also be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by laws, policies and regulations of the u.s. affecting foreign trade and taxation, including u.s. trade sanctions.
we cannot predict whether additional federal, state, local or international laws or regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing will be enacted in the future and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. if additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations, natural gas prices in north america could rise, which in turn could materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing). increased regulation or difficulty in permitting of hydraulic fracturing, and any corresponding increase in domestic natural gas prices, could materially adversely affect demand for lng exports and our ability to develop commercially viable lng export facilities beyond the three-train cameron lng facility currently under construction.
our businesses are exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be materially adversely affected by these risks. energy-related commodity prices impact lng liquefaction and regasification, the transport and storage of natural gas, and power generation from renewable and conventional sources, among other businesses that we operate and invest in.
we buy energy-related commodities from time to time for lng terminals or power plants to satisfy contractual obligations with customers, in regional markets and other competitive markets in which we compete. our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if the prevailing market prices for natural gas, lng, electricity or other commodities that we buy change in a direction or manner not anticipated and for which we had not provided adequately through purchase or sale commitments or other hedging transactions.
unanticipated changes in market prices for energy-related commodities result from multiple factors, including:
▪   weather conditions;
▪   seasonality;
▪   changes in supply and demand;
▪   transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies;
▪   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;
▪   commodity production levels;
▪   actions by oil and natural gas producing nations or organizations affecting the global supply of crude oil and natural gas;
▪   federal, state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation;
▪   natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events; and
▪   expropriation of assets by foreign countries.
the ferc has jurisdiction over wholesale power and transmission rates and over independent system operators and other entities that control transmission facilities or that administer wholesale power sales in some of the markets in which we operate. the ferc may impose additional price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms, or terminate existing price limitations from time to time. any such action by the ferc may result in prices for electricity changing in an unanticipated direction or manner and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
when our businesses enter into fixed-price long-term contracts to provide services or commodities, they are exposed to inflationary pressures such as rising commodity prices and interest rate risks.
sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream generally endeavor to secure long-term contracts with customers for services and commodities to optimize the use of their facilities, reduce volatility in earnings and support the construction of new infrastructure. however, if these contracts are at fixed prices, the profitability of the contract may be materially adversely affected by inflationary pressures, including rising operational costs, costs of labor, materials, equipment and commodities, and rising interest rates that affect financing costs. we may try to mitigate these risks by using variable pricing tied to market indices, anticipating an escalation in costs when bidding on projects, providing for cost escalation, providing for direct pass-through of operating costs or entering into hedges. however, these measures, if implemented, may not ensure that the increase in revenues they provide will fully offset increases in operating expenses and/or financing costs. the failure to fully or substantially offset these increases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.
increased competition and changes in trade policies could materially adversely affect us.
the markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable competitors, many of whom have extensive and diversified development and/or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to or greater than ours. further, in recent years, the natural gas pipeline, storage and lng market segments have been characterized by strong and increasing competition both with respect to winning new development projects and acquiring existing assets. in mexico, despite the commissioning of many new energy infrastructure projects by the cfe and other governmental agencies in connection with energy reforms, competition for recent pipeline projects has been intense with numerous bidders competing aggressively for these projects. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in bidding for new development opportunities in the u.s., mexico or south america. in addition, as noted above, there are a number of potential new lng liquefaction projects under construction or in the process of being developed by various project developers in north america, including our contemplated new projects, and given the projected global demand for lng, it is likely that most of these projects will not be completed. these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
in addition, the current u.s. administration has indicated its intention to revise or replace international trade agreements, such as nafta. in november 2018, president trump signed the usmca, which, if approved by the legislatures of the u.s., mexico and canada, would replace nafta. a shift in u.s. trade policies could materially adversely affect our lng development opportunities, as well as opportunities for trade between mexico and the u.s.
we may elect not to, or may not be able to, enter into, extend or replace expiring long-term supply and sales agreements or long-term firm capacity agreements for our projects, which would subject our revenues to increased volatility and our businesses to increased competition. such long-term contracts, once entered into, increase our credit risk if our counterparties fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis due to bankruptcy, insolvency, or otherwise.
the eca lng facility has long-term capacity agreements with a limited number of counterparties. under these agreements, customers pay capacity reservation and usage fees to receive, store and regasify the customers' lng. we also may enter into short-term and/or long-term supply agreements to purchase lng to be received, stored and regasified for sale to other parties. the long-term supply agreement contracts are expected to reduce our exposure to changes in natural gas prices through corresponding natural gas sales agreements or by tying lng supply prices to prevailing natural gas market price indices. if the counterparties, customers or suppliers to one or more of the key agreements for the eca lng facility were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
for the three-train liquefaction facility currently under construction, cameron lng jv has 20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements in place with affiliates of total s.a., mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co. ltd., that subscribe for the full nameplate capacity of the facility. if the counterparties to these tolling agreements were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations to cameron lng jv on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng & midstream's ability to enter into or replace existing long-term firm capacity agreements for their natural gas pipeline operations are dependent on demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from their transportation customers, which may include our lng facilities. a significant sustained decrease in demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
the electric generation and wholesale power sales industries are highly competitive. as more plants are built and competitive pressures increase, wholesale electricity prices may become more volatile. without the benefit of long-term power sales agreements, our revenues may be subject to increased price volatility, and we may be unable to sell the power that sempra renewables' and sempra mexico's facilities are capable of producing or to sell it at favorable prices, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. if they fail to perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses, and the businesses that we invest in, are exposed to the risk that counterparties, business partners, customers and suppliers that owe money or commodities as a result of market transactions or other long-term agreements or arrangements will not perform their obligations in accordance with such agreements or arrangements. should they fail to perform, we may be required to enter into alternative arrangements or to honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. in such an event, we may incur additional losses to the extent of amounts already paid to such counterparties or suppliers. in addition, many such agreements are important for the conduct and growth of our businesses. the failure of any of the parties to perform in accordance with these agreements could materially adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects. finally, we often extend credit to counterparties and customers. while we perform significant credit analyses prior to extending credit, we are exposed to the risk that we may not be able to collect amounts owed to us.
sempra mexico's and sempra lng & midstream's obligations and those of their suppliers for lng supplies are contractually subject to (1) suspension or termination for "force majeure" events beyond the control of the parties; and (2) substantial limitations of remedies for other failures to perform, including limitations on damages to amounts that could be substantially less than those necessary to provide full recovery of costs for breach of the agreements, which in either event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
in addition, we may develop and/or own some projects with other equity owners and, therefore, we may not control all material decisions with respect to those projects, as is the case with the cameron lng jv project. to the extent that there is disagreement amongst the project equity owners with respect to certain decisions affecting such a project, then the development, construction or operation of such project may be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected. such a circumstance could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, result of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses are subject to various legal actions challenging our property rights and permits.
we are engaged in disputes regarding our title to the properties adjacent to and properties where our eca lng regasification terminal in mexico is located, as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. if we are unable to defend and retain title to the properties on which our eca lng terminal is located, we could lose our rights to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, which could result in breaches of one or more permits or contracts that we have entered into with respect to such terminal. in addition, our ability to convert the eca lng regasification terminal into an lng liquefaction export facility may be hindered or halted by these disputes, and they could make project financing such a facility and finding suitable partners and customers very difficult. if we are unable to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, it could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we rely on transportation assets and services, much of which we do not own or control, to deliver electricity and natural gas.
we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to:
▪   deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets,
▪   supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and
▪   provide retail energy services to customers.
sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream also depend on natural gas pipelines to interconnect with their ultimate source or customers of the commodities they are transporting. sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream also rely on specialized ships to transport lng to their facilities and on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas for customers of the facilities. sempra renewables, sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico rely on transmission lines to sell electricity to their customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our commodities, electricity and other services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be responsible for damages incurred by our customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative electricity, natural gas supplies and lng at then-current spot market rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory and business risks and challenges.
in mexico, we own or have interests in natural gas distribution and transportation, lpg storage and transportation facilities, ethane transportation assets, electricity generation facilities, and lng, ethane and liquid fuels marine and inland terminals. in peru and chile, we own or have interests in electric transmission, distribution and generation infrastructure and operations. developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant security, political, legal, regulatory and financial risks that vary by country, including:
▪   changes in foreign laws and regulations, including tax and environmental laws and regulations, and u.s. laws and regulations, in each case, that are related to foreign operations;
▪   governance by and decisions of local regulatory bodies, including setting of rates and tariffs that may be earned by our businesses;
▪   adverse changes in market conditions and inadequate enforcement of regulations;
▪   high rates of inflation;
▪   volatility in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and currencies of the countries in which we operate, as we discuss below;
▪   foreign cash balances that may be unavailable to fund u.s. operations, or available only at unfavorable u.s. and/or foreign tax rates upon repatriation of such amounts or changes in tax law;
▪   changes in government policies or personnel;
▪   trade restrictions;
▪   limitations on u.s. company ownership in foreign countries;
▪   permitting and regulatory compliance;
▪   changes in labor supply and labor relations;
▪   adverse rulings by foreign courts or tribunals, challenges to permits and approvals, difficulty in enforcing contractual and property rights, and unsettled property rights and titles in mexico and other foreign jurisdictions;
▪   energy policy reform that may result in adverse changes to and/or difficulty in enforcing existing contracts;
▪   expropriation of assets;
▪   destruction of property or assets;
▪   adverse changes in the stability of the governments in the countries in which we operate;
▪   general political, social, economic and business conditions;
▪   compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws;
▪   valuation of goodwill; and
▪   theft of assets.
our international businesses also are subject to foreign currency risks. these risks arise from both volatility in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and devaluations of foreign currencies. in such cases, an appreciation of the u.s. dollar against a local currency could materially reduce the amount of cash and income received from those foreign subsidiaries. we may or may not choose to hedge these risks, and any hedges entered into may or may not be effective. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates may result in significantly increased taxes in foreign countries and materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
we discuss litigation related to sempra mexico's international energy projects in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
risks related to our interest in oncor sempra energy could incur substantial tax liabilities if efh's 2016 spin-off of vistra from efh is deemed to be taxable.
as part of its ongoing bankruptcy proceedings, in 2016 efh distributed all the outstanding shares of common stock of its subsidiary vistra energy corp. (formerly tceh corp. and referred to herein as vistra) to certain creditors of tceh llc (the spinoff), and vistra became an independent, publicly traded company. vistra's spin-off from efh was intended to qualify for partially tax-free treatment to efh and its stockholders under sections 368(a)(1)(g), 355 and 356 of the irc (collectively referred to as the intended tax treatment). in connection with and as a condition to the spin-off, efh received a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain issues relating to the intended tax treatment of the spin-off, as well as tax opinions from counsel to efh and vistra regarding certain aspects of the spin-off not covered by the private letter ruling.
in connection with the signing and closing of the merger, efh sought and received a supplemental private letter ruling from the irs and sempra energy and efh received tax opinions from their respective counsel that generally provide that the merger will not affect the conclusions reached in, respectively, the irs private letter ruling and tax opinions issued with respect to the spin-off described above. similar to the irs private letter ruling and opinions issued with respect to the spin-off, the supplemental private letter ruling is generally binding on the irs and any opinions issued with respect to the merger are based on factual representations and assumptions, as well as certain undertakings, made by sempra energy and efh, now sempra texas holdings corp. and a subsidiary of sempra energy. if such representations and assumptions are untrue or incomplete, any such undertakings are not complied with, or the facts upon which the irs supplemental private letter ruling or tax opinions (which will not impact the irs position on the transactions) are based are different from the actual facts relating to the merger, the tax opinions and/or supplemental private letter ruling may not be valid and as a result, could be successfully challenged by the irs. if it is determined that the merger causes the spin-off not to qualify for the intended tax treatment, sempra energy, through its ownership of sempra texas holdings corp., could incur substantial tax liabilities, which would materially reduce and potentially eliminate the value associated with our indirect investment in oncor and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects of sempra energy and on the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. should the irs invalidate the private letter ruling and/or the supplemental private letter ruling, sempra texas holdings corp. has administrative appeal rights including the right to challenge any adverse irs position in court.
failure by oncor to successfully execute its business strategy and objectives may materially adversely affect sempra energy's future results and, consequently, the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. see below under "oncor's operations are capital intensive and it could have liquidity needs that may require us to make additional investments in oncor." if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all and the merger may materially adversely affect sempra energy's results of operations, financial condition and prospects of sempra energy and, consequently, the market value of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities.
we may issue a significant amount of equity securities to reduce our indebtedness incurred in connection with the merger, which may dilute the economic and voting interests of our current shareholders and may adversely affect the market value of our common stock and preferred stock.
in 2018, we issued a significant amount of equity securities to raise proceeds to fund a significant portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs and to reduce our indebtedness. as of february 26, 2019, 16,906,185 shares remain subject to future settlement under forward sale agreements, which may be settled on one or more dates specified by us occurring no later than december 15, 2019, which is the final settlement date under the agreements. although we expect to settle the forward sale agreements entirely by the physical delivery of shares of our common stock in exchange for cash proceeds, we may, subject to certain conditions, elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements. the forward sale agreements are also subject to acceleration by the forward purchasers upon the occurrence of certain events.
in addition, in january 2018, we issued 17,250,000 shares of our 6% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a (the "series a preferred stock"), and in july 2018, we issued 5,750,000 shares of our 6.75% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series b (the "series b preferred stock"), both of which we expect will ultimately convert into common stock. some of these equity issuances, including common stock issued upon settlement of the forward sale agreements, will likely occur in connection with the repayment of outstanding indebtedness, including indebtedness we have incurred in connection with the merger. see below under "we incurred significant indebtedness in connection with the merger. as a result, it may be more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts or take other actions, and we may need to divert cash to fund debt service payments." although the issuance of any equity securities is subject to market conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, and we may in fact issue fewer shares of any equity securities than anticipated, the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of our common stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and settlement of the forward sale agreements) will have the effect, and the issuance of additional equity securities may have the effect, of diluting the economic and voting interests of our common shareholders. in addition, the issuance of additional shares of common stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and settlement of the forward sale agreements) without a commensurate increase in our consolidated earnings would dilute, and the issuance of additional equity securities could dilute, our earnings per common share. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock.
we incurred significant indebtedness in connection with the merger. as a result, it may be more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts or take other actions, and we may need to divert cash to fund debt service payments.
we incurred significant additional indebtedness to finance a portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. in january 2018, we issued $5 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed- and variable-rate notes in various series that mature between 2019 and 2048, and we issued approximately $2.6 billion of commercial paper in february 2018 and march 2018 (the oncor merger commercial paper) to fund a portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs. we have since repaid the oncor merger commercial paper with proceeds from equity issuances and newly issued commercial paper. our debt service obligations resulting from our aggregate indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's results of operations, financial condition and prospects by, among other things:
▪   making it more difficult and/or costly for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due, particularly during adverse economic and industry conditions, because a decrease in revenues or increase in costs could cause cash flow from operations to be insufficient to make scheduled debt service payments;
▪   limiting our flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in our business and the industry sectors in which we operate and, consequently, put us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have less debt;
▪   requiring a substantial portion of our available cash to be used for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions, dividend payments and other general corporate purposes, which could hinder our prospects for growth and the market price of our common stock, preferred stock and debt securities, among other things;
▪   making it more difficult for us to raise capital to fund working capital, make capital expenditures, pay dividends, pursue strategic initiatives or for other purposes;
▪   imposing higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates on our current or future borrowings subject to variable rates of interest;
▪   requiring that additional materially adverse terms, conditions or covenants be placed on us under our debt instruments, which covenants might include, for example, limitations on additional borrowings; and
▪   imposing specific restrictions on uses of our assets, as well as prohibitions or limitations on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, receive distributions from our subsidiaries, redeem or repurchase our stock or make investments, any of which could hinder our access to capital markets and limit or delay our ability to carry out our capital expenditure program.
the merger substantially increased our debt service obligations and in light of the ring-fencing arrangements described below under "certain ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments limit our ability to influence the management and policies of oncor," there can be no assurance that we will receive any cash from oncor to assist us in servicing our indebtedness, paying dividends on our common stock and mandatory convertible preferred stock or meeting our other cash needs, which may have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
we are committed to maintaining our credit ratings at investment grade. to maintain these credit ratings, we may consider it appropriate to reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness. we may seek to reduce this indebtedness with the proceeds from the issuance of additional shares of common stock and, possibly, other equity securities, and the settlement of sales of our common stock pursuant to our forward sale agreements, cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales, which may dilute the voting rights and economic interests of holders of our common stock. however, the issuance of any equity securities is subject to market conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will be able to issue additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities on terms that we consider acceptable or at all, or that we will be able to reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness, should we elect to do so, to a level that permits us to maintain our investment grade credit ratings, which may have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
certain ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments limit our ability to influence the management and policies of oncor.
various "ring-fencing" measures are in place to enhance oncor's separateness from its owners and to mitigate the risk that oncor would be negatively impacted in the event of a bankruptcy or other adverse financial developments affecting its owners. this ring-fence creates both legal and financial separation between oncor holdings, oncor and their subsidiaries, on the one hand, and sempra energy and its affiliates and subsidiaries, on the other hand.
in accordance with the ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments we made in connection with the merger, we and oncor are subject to various restrictions, including, among others:
▪   the board of directors of oncor will consist of thirteen members, seven of which will be independent directors in all material respects under the rules of the new york stock exchange in relation to sempra energy and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities and any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings (and those directors must have no material relationship with sempra energy or its affiliates, or any other entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, currently or within the previous 10 years), two of which will be designated by sempra energy, two of which will be appointed by oncor's minority owner, tti, which is an investment vehicle owned by third parties unaffiliated with sempra energy and that owns approximately 19.75 percent of the outstanding membership interests in oncor, and two of which will be current or former officers of oncor;
▪   a majority of the independent directors of oncor must approve any annual or multi-year budget if the aggregate amount of capital expenditures or o&amp;m in such budget is more than a 10-percent increase or decrease from the corresponding amounts of such expenditures in the budget for the preceding fiscal year or multi-year period, as applicable;
▪   oncor shall make minimum aggregate capital expenditures equal to at least $7.5 billion over the period from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2022 (subject to certain possible adjustments);
▪   oncor may not pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for contractual tax payments) if a majority of its independent directors or a minority member director determines that it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements;
▪   at all times, oncor will remain in compliance with the debt-to-equity ratio established by the puct from time to time for ratemaking purposes, and oncor will not pay dividends or other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), if that payment would cause its debt-to-equity ratio to exceed the debt-to-equity ratio approved by the puct;
▪   if the credit rating on oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or the equivalent), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct;
▪   without the prior approval of the puct, neither sempra energy nor any of its affiliates (excluding oncor) will incur, guarantee or pledge assets in respect of any indebtedness that is dependent on the revenues of oncor in more than a proportionate degree than the other revenues of sempra energy or on the stock of oncor, and there will be no debt at sempra texas holdings corp. or sempra texas intermediate holding company llc at any time;
▪   neither oncor nor oncor holdings will lend money to or borrow money from sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor holdings or oncor, and neither oncor holdings nor oncor will share credit facilities with sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor holdings or oncor;
▪   oncor will not seek recovery in rates of any expenses or liabilities related to efh's bankruptcy, or (1) any tax liabilities resulting from efh's spinoff of its former subsidiary texas competitive electric holdings company llc, (2) any asbestos claims relating to non-oncor operations of efh or (3) any make-whole claims by holders of debt securities issued by efh or efih, and sempra energy was required to and has filed with the puct a plan providing for the extinguishment of the liabilities described in items (1) through (3) above, which protects oncor from any harm;
▪   there must be maintained certain "separateness measures" that reinforce the financial separation of oncor from sempra energy, including a requirement that dealings between oncor, oncor holdings and their subsidiaries and sempra energy, any of sempra energy's other affiliates or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor holdings or oncor, must be on an arm's-length basis, limitations on affiliate transactions, separate recordkeeping requirements and a prohibition on pledging oncor assets or stock for any entity other than oncor;
▪   no transaction costs or transition costs related to the merger (excluding oncor employee time) will be borne by oncor's customers nor included in oncor's rates;
▪   sempra energy will continue to hold indirectly at least 51 percent of the ownership interests in oncor holdings and oncor for at least five years following the closing of the merger, unless otherwise specifically authorized by the puct; and
▪   oncor will provide bill credits to customers in an amount equal to 90 percent of any interest rate savings achieved due to any improvement in its credit ratings or market spreads compared to those as of june 30, 2017 until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate case filed after puct docket no. 46957 (except that savings will not be included in credits if already realized in rates); and one year after the merger, oncor will present a merger-synergy savings analysis to the puct and provide bill credits to its customers equal to 90 percent of any synergy savings until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate proceeding after puct docket no. 46957, at which time any total synergy savings shall be reflected in oncor's rates. on september 7, 2018, oncor filed its first semi-annual interest rate savings compliance report with the puct and began accruing a bill credit upon the issuance of its new debt in august 2018.
as a result of the ring-fencing measures, governance mechanisms and commitments, we do not control oncor holdings or oncor, and we have limited ability to direct the management, policies and operations of oncor holdings and oncor, including the deployment or disposition of their assets, declarations of dividends, strategic planning and other important corporate issues and actions. we have limited representation on the oncor holdings and oncor board of directors, which are controlled by independent directors. the existence of the ring-fencing measures and other limitations may increase our costs of financing. further, the oncor directors have considerable autonomy and, as described in our commitments, have a duty to act in the best interest of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law, which may be contrary to our best interests or be in opposition to our preferred strategic direction for oncor. to the extent that they take actions that are not in our interests, the financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of sempra energy may be materially adversely affected.
if oncor fails to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry, including changes in regulation, its results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and this could materially adversely affect us.
because oncor is regulated by both u.s. federal and texas state authorities, it has been and will continue to be affected by legislative and regulatory developments. the costs and burdens associated with complying with these regulatory requirements and adjusting oncor's business to legislative and regulatory developments may have a material adverse effect on oncor. moreover, potential legislative changes, regulatory changes or other market or industry changes may create greater risks to the predictability of utility earnings generally. if oncor does not successfully respond to these changes, it could suffer a deterioration in its results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects.
oncor's operations are capital intensive and it could have liquidity needs that may require us to make additional investments in oncor.
oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs with the proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements, we may be required to make additional investments in oncor. similarly, if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may be required to make a capital contribution, rather than a loan, to oncor.
settlement provisions contained in our equity forward sale agreements subject us to certain risks.
the counterparties to the january forward sale agreements and the july forward sale agreements (collectively, the forward purchasers) have the right to accelerate their respective forward sale agreements (or, in certain cases, the portion thereof that they determine is affected by the relevant event) and require us to physically settle such forward sale agreements on a date specified by the forward purchasers if:
▪   they are unable to establish, maintain or unwind their hedge position with respect to the forward sale agreements;
▪   they determine that they are unable to, or it is commercially impracticable for them to, continue to borrow a number of shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares of our common stock underlying the forward sale agreements or that, with respect to borrowing such number of shares of our common stock, they would incur a rate that is greater than the borrow cost specified in the forward sale agreements, subject to a prior notice requirement;
▪   we declare or pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in an amount in excess of amounts, or at a time before, those prescribed by the forward sale agreements or declare or pay certain other types of dividends or distributions on shares of our common stock;
▪   an event is announced that, if consummated, would result in an extraordinary event (including certain mergers and tender offers, our nationalization, our insolvency and the delisting of the shares of our common stock);
▪   an ownership event (as such term is defined in the forward sale agreements) occurs; or
▪   certain other events of default, termination events or other specified events occur, including, among other things, a change in law.
the forward purchasers' decision to exercise their right to accelerate the forward sale agreements (or, in certain cases, the portion thereof that they determine is affected by the relevant event) and to require us to settle the forward sale agreements will be made irrespective of our interests, including our need for capital. in such cases, we could be required to issue and deliver our common stock under the terms of the physical settlement provisions of the forward sale agreements irrespective of our capital needs, which would result in dilution to our eps and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, our mandatory convertible preferred stock, any other equity that we may issue and our debt securities.
the forward sale agreements provide for settlement on a settlement date or dates to be specified at our discretion, but which we expect to occur in one or more additional settlements on or prior to december 15, 2019. subject to the provisions of the forward sale agreements, delivery of our shares upon physical or net share settlement of the forward sale agreements will result in dilution to our eps and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, mandatory convertible preferred stock and any other equity that we may issue.
we may elect, subject to certain conditions, cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements if we conclude that it is in our interest to do so. for example, we may conclude that it is in our interest to cash settle or net share settle the forward sale agreements if we otherwise have no current use for all or a portion of the net proceeds due upon physical settlement of the forward sale agreements.
if we elect to cash or net share settle all or a portion of the shares of our common stock underlying the forward sale agreements, we would expect the forward purchasers or one of their affiliates to purchase the number of shares necessary, based on the number of shares with respect to which we have elected cash or net share settlement, in order to satisfy their obligation to return the shares of our common stock they had borrowed in connection with sales of our common stock related to each underlying stock offering and, if applicable in connection with net share settlement, to deliver shares of our common stock to us or take into account shares of our common stock to be delivered by us, as applicable. the purchase of our common stock by the forward purchasers or their affiliates to unwind the forward purchasers' hedge positions could cause the price of our common stock to increase over time, thereby increasing the amount of cash or the number of shares of our common stock that we would owe to the forward purchasers upon cash settlement or net share settlement, as the case may be, of the forward sale agreements, or decreasing the amount of cash or the number of shares of our common stock that the forward purchasers owe us upon cash settlement or net share settlement, as the case may be, of the forward sale agreements.
dividend requirements associated with the mandatory convertible preferred stock sempra energy issued in connection with the merger subject us to certain risks.
any future payments of cash dividends, and the amount of any cash dividends we pay, on our series a preferred stock and our series b preferred stock will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, capital requirements and results of operations, and the ability of our subsidiaries and investments to distribute cash to us, as well as other factors that our board of directors (or an authorized committee thereof) may consider relevant. any failure to pay scheduled dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock when due would likely have a material adverse impact on the market price of our mandatory convertible preferred stock, our common stock and our debt securities and would prohibit us, under the terms of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, from paying cash dividends on or repurchasing shares of our common stock (subject to limited exceptions) until such time as we have paid all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
the terms of the series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock provide that if dividends on any shares of the mandatory convertible preferred stock (i) have not been declared and paid, or (ii) have been declared but a sum of cash or number of shares of our common stock sufficient for payment thereof has not been set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable record date, in each case, for the equivalent of six or more dividend periods, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the holders of shares of mandatory convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other classes or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the mandatory convertible preferred stock either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and having similar voting rights, will be entitled to elect a total of two additional members of our board of directors, subject to certain terms and limitations described in the certificate of determination applicable to the mandatory convertible preferred stock.
other risks sempra energy has substantial investments in and obligations arising from businesses that it does not control or manage or in which it shares control.
sempra energy makes investments in entities that we do not control or manage or in which we share control. as described above, sdg&e holds a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, which is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, its majority owner. as a result of ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments, we account for our indirect, 100-percent ownership interest in oncor holdings, which owns an 80.25 percent interest in oncor, as an equity method investment, which investment is $9,652 million at december 31, 2018. sempra lng & midstream accounts for its investment in the cameron lng jv under the equity method, which investment is $1,271 million at december 31, 2018. at december 31, 2018, sempra renewables had investments totaling $291 million in several jvs to operate wind generation facilities. sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in a jv with a subsidiary of transcanada to build, own and operate the sur de texas-tuxpan natural gas marine pipeline in mexico, a 50-percent interest in a renewables wind project in baja california, and a 50-percent interest in the los ramones norte pipeline in mexico. at december 31, 2018, these various jv investments by sempra mexico totaled $747 million. sempra energy has an equity method investment in the rbs sempra commodities partnership which is in the process of being dissolved and for which sempra energy is subject to certain indemnities as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. any adverse resolution of matters associated with our remaining investment in the rbs sempra commodities partnership could have a corresponding impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra energy committed to make a capital contribution to oncor for oncor to fund its acquisition of infrareit, which acquisition we expect will close in mid-2019. we estimate the capital contribution to be $1,025 million, excluding our share of the approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition. the capital contribution is contingent on the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the substantially simultaneous closing of the transactions contemplated by the infrareit merger agreement. we discuss these transactions in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 7. md&a - factors influencing future performance."
sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream have provided guarantees related to jv financing agreements, and sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico have provided loans to jvs in which they have investments and to other affiliates. we discuss the guarantees in note 6 and affiliate loans in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have limited influence over these ventures and other businesses in which we do not have a controlling interest. in addition to the other risks inherent in these businesses, if their management were to fail to perform adequately or the other investors in the
64
businesses were unable or otherwise failed to perform their obligations to provide capital and credit support for these businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. we discuss our investments further in notes 5, 6 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
market performance or changes in other assumptions could require sempra energy, sdg&e and/or socalgas to make significant unplanned contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits to eligible employees and retirees. a decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the funding requirements for these plans. in addition, the cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including the assumed rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, levels of assumed interest rates and future governmental regulation. an adverse change in any of these factors could cause a material increase in our funding obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
impairment of goodwill would negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.
as of december 31, 2018, sempra energy had approximately $2.4 billion of goodwill, which represented approximately 3.9 percent of the total assets on its consolidated balance sheet, primarily related to the acquisitions of ienova pipelines and ventika in mexico, chilquinta energía in chile and luz del sur in peru. goodwill is not amortized, but we test it for impairment annually on october 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, which could result in our recording a goodwill impairment loss. we discuss our annual goodwill impairment testing process and the factors considered in such testing in "item 7. md&a - critical accounting policies and estimates" and in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. a goodwill impairment loss could materially adversely affect our results of operations for the period in which such charge is recorded.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
69
key events and issues in 2018
below are key events and issues that affected our business in 2018; some of these may continue to affect our future results.
▪   in march 2018, sempra energy completed the acquisition of an indirect 80.25-percent interest in oncor holdings. in anticipation of the closing, in january 2018, sempra energy completed registered public offerings of its common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), series a preferred stock and long-term debt.
▪   in june 2018, sempra energy's board of directors approved a plan to divest certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s., and all our u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its u.s. operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects, and its interest in a wind generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed. in february 2019, sempra lng &amp; midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners.
▪   in july 2018, sempra energy completed registered public offerings of its common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements) and series b preferred stock.
▪   in october 2018, oncor entered into an agreement to acquire infrareit and its subsidiary, infrareit partners. also in october 2018, sempra energy entered into a separate agreement to acquire a 50-percent economic interest in sharyland holdings, lp. the transactions are expected to close in mid-2019.
▪   in december 2018, polish oil &amp; gas company and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year, subject to final investment decision, among other things.
results of operations in 2018, our earnings increased by approximately $668 million to $924 million and our diluted eps increased by $2.41 per share to $3.42 per share. the change in eps included a decrease of $(0.24) attributable to an increase in the weighted-average common shares outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents, primarily due to the common stock issuances in the first and third quarters of 2018 that we discuss in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2017 compared to 2016, our earnings decreased by $1.1 billion (81%) to $256 million and our diluted eps decreased by $4.45 per share (82%) to $1.01 per share. our earnings and diluted eps were impacted by variances discussed in "segment results" below and by the items included in the table "sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted eps," also below.
segment results the following section presents earnings (losses) by sempra energy segment, as well as parent and other, and the related discussion of the changes in segment earnings (losses). throughout the md&a, our reference to earnings represents earnings attributable to common shares. variance amounts presented are the after-tax earnings impact (based on applicable statutory tax rates), unless otherwise noted, and before nci, where applicable. as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law. the tcja reduced the u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. after-tax variances between 2018 and 2017 assume that amounts in both years were taxed at the 2017 statutory rate.
70
sempra energy earnings (losses) by segment
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                 2017                    2016
sdg&amp;e                              $669                    $407                    $570
socalgas(1)                             400                     396                     349
sempra texas utility                    371                       -                       -
sempra south american utilities         199                     186                     156
sempra mexico                           237                     169                     463
sempra renewables                       328                     252                      55
sempra lng &amp; midstream             (617     )               150                    (107     )
parent and other(1)(2)                 (663     )            (1,304     )              (116     )
earnings                               $924                    $256                  $1,370
(1)   after preferred dividends.
(2)   includes $1,165 million income tax expense from the effects of the tcja in 2017, after-tax interest expense ($360 million in 2018, $170 million in 2017 and $169 million in 2016), intercompany eliminations recorded in consolidation and certain corporate costs.
sdg&e the increase in earnings of $262 million in 2018 was primarily due to:
▪   $208 million charge in 2017 for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs, which we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $65 million higher earnings from electric transmission operations in 2018, including the annual ferc formulaic rate adjustment;
▪   $28 million unfavorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of certain u.s. federal deferred income tax assets as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $27 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2018, primarily related to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; offset by
▪   $35 million higher net interest expense, of which $25 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $11 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business, which excludes incremental projects and other balanced capital programs, in 2018, of which $2 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018.
the decrease in earnings of $163 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $208 million charge in 2017 for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs; and
▪   $28 million unfavorable impact from the remeasurement of certain u.s. federal deferred income tax assets as a result of the tcja; offset by
▪   $31 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $27 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2017 and lower non-refundable operating costs; and
▪   $17 million increase in afudc related to equity.
socalgas the increase in earnings of $4 million (1%) in 2018 was primarily due to:
▪   $36 million higher cpuc base operating margin authorized for 2018, net of expenses including depreciation. of this increase, $28 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $16 million higher psep earnings; offset by
▪   $22 million higher net interest expense, of which $15 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018;
▪   $21 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, of which $4 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $22 million in 2018 from impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation compared to $20 million in 2017.
the increase in earnings of $47 million (13%) in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $49 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets; and
▪   $13 million impairment of assets in 2016 related to the southern gas system reliability project (also referred to as the north-south pipeline); offset by
▪   $20 million for aliso canyon litigation reserves.
sempra texas utility earnings of $371 million in 2018 represent equity earnings from our investment in oncor holdings. we discuss the march 2018 acquisition in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra south american utilities the increase in earnings of $13 million (7%) in 2018 was primarily due to $11 million higher earnings from operations mainly from lower cost of purchased power and $6 million due to a gain on the sale of a hydroelectric power plant development project in peru.
the increase in earnings of $30 million (19%) in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $16 million lower income tax expense, including $17 million income tax expense in 2016 related to peruvian tax reform, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes;"
▪   $8 million higher earnings from operations primarily due to an increase in rates and lower operating expenses at luz del sur; and
▪   $6 million higher earnings from foreign currency translation effects.
sempra mexico the increase in earnings of $68 million (40%) in 2018 was primarily due to:
▪   $107 million higher earnings at tdm, including $71 million impairment in 2017 of assets that were held for sale until june 1, 2018 and $32 million improved operating results primarily as a result of major maintenance in 2017 and higher revenues in 2018;
▪   $37 million higher pipeline operational earnings, primarily attributable to assets placed in service in the second quarter of 2017 and ienova's increased indirect ownership interest in tag; and
▪   $10 million improved operating results at ecogas, mainly due to new rates approved by cre and regulated revenues associated with recovery for revised tariffs; offset by
▪   $132 million earnings attributable to nci at ienova in 2018 compared to $73 million in 2017, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests;"
▪   $22 million lower capitalized financing costs, primarily associated with assets placed in service at the end of the first half of 2017, net of higher equity earnings in 2018 from afudc at the img jv; and
▪   $7 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency derivatives effects, comprised of:
◦   in 2018, $43 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $1 million gain from foreign currency derivatives, offset by
◦   in 2017, $84 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $49 million gain from foreign currency derivatives (we discuss these effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations").
the decrease in earnings of $294 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $432 million noncash gain in 2016 associated with the remeasurement of our equity interest in ienova pipelines (formerly known as gdc);
▪   $71 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency derivatives effects, comprised of:
◦   in 2017, $84 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $49 million gain from foreign currency derivatives, and
◦   in 2016, $55 million favorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $19 million loss from foreign currency derivatives;
▪   $28 million higher income tax expense in 2017 mainly related to a deferred income tax liability on an outside basis difference in jv investments; and
▪   $28 million higher interest expense, including $19 million at ventika and $8 million at ienova pipelines related to debt assumed in their respective acquisitions; offset by
▪   $98 million higher pipeline operational earnings, primarily attributable to the increase in ownership in ienova pipelines from 50 percent to 100 percent in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service;
▪   $73 million earnings attributable to nci at ienova in 2017, compared to $133 million in 2016;
▪   $71 million impairment in 2017 of the tdm natural gas-fired power plant, net of a $12 million income tax benefit that has been fully reserved, compared to a $111 million impairment in 2016 of such assets;
▪   $34 million higher operational earnings in 2017 from sempra mexico's renewables business, primarily due to ventika, which we acquired in december 2016; and
▪   $8 million tax benefit in 2017 from a reduction to the outside basis deferred income tax liability on our investment in the tdm natural gas-fired power plant, compared to an $8 million tax expense in 2016.
sempra renewables the increase in earnings of $76 million (30%) in 2018 was primarily due to:
▪   $367 million gain on the sale of all sempra renewables' operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50-percent interest in a wind power generation facility in december 2018, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $35 million higher pretax losses attributed to nci, including the impact of the tcja on nci allocations computed using the hlbv method; and
▪   $19 million lower depreciation as a result of solar and wind assets held for sale; offset by
▪   $192 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $145 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain u.s. wind equity method investments in 2018, as we discuss in notes , and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the increase in earnings of $197 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $192 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $14 million higher earnings from our solar tax equity investments, including $19 million of higher pretax losses attributed to solar tax equity investors reflected in nci, offset by $7 million associated income taxes.
sempra lng & midstream losses of $617 million in 2018 compared to earnings of $150 million in 2017 were primarily due to:
▪   $665 million net impairment in 2018, including $801 million impairment in the second quarter of 2018, offset by a $136 million reduction to the impairment in the fourth quarter of 2018, of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s., some of which have been classified as held for sale, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $142 million higher income tax expense in 2018, which included $133 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja and $9 million unfavorable impact in 2018 to adjust tcja provisional amounts recorded in 2017; and
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds in 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court, of which $28 million related to the charge in 2016 from the permanent release of certain pipeline capacity, as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; offset by
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci in 2018 related to the net impairment discussed above;
▪   $24 million higher earnings from midstream activities primarily driven by lower depreciation and amortization as a result of natural gas storage assets held for sale; and
▪   $15 million improved results in 2018 from lng marketing activities.
the increase of $257 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $133 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities;
▪   $123 million loss in 2016 on permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $40 million improved results in 2017 due to unfavorable results from midstream activities, including lng operations, in 2016;
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds received from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court; and
▪   $27 million impairment charge in 2016 related to our investment in rockies express; offset by
▪   $78 million gain on the sale of energysouth in september 2016, net of related expenses; and
▪   $11 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express in may 2016.
parent and other the decrease in losses of $641 million in 2018 was primarily due to:
▪   $1,165 million unfavorable impact in 2017 from the tcja, offset by $76 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust provisional amounts recorded in 2017. we discuss the impacts from the tcja in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" below; offset by
▪   $185 million increase in net interest expense, of which $58 million relates to the lower tax rate in 2018;
▪   $125 million mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends declared;
▪   $65 million impairment of the rbs sempra commodities equity method investment, which we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $15 million investment losses in 2018 compared to $41 million investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of deferred compensation expense associated with these investments.
the increase in losses of $1.2 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $1,147 million income tax expense in 2017 compared to a $54 million tax benefit in 2016, primarily due to:
◦   $1,165 million unfavorable impact from the tcja,
◦   $20 million u.s. income tax benefit in 2016 as a result of a change in planned repatriation of earnings, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," and
◦   $17 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $20 million of costs in 2017 associated with foreign currency derivatives; offset by
▪   $31 million higher investment gains on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments.
adjusted earnings and adjusted eps we prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. however, management may use earnings and eps adjusted to exclude certain items (referred to as adjusted earnings and adjusted eps) internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance and for reporting of results to the board of directors. we may also use adjusted earnings and adjusted eps when communicating our financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. adjusted earnings and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures. because of the significance and/or nature of the excluded items, management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide a meaningful comparison of the performance of business operations to prior and future periods. non-gaap financial measures are supplementary information that should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the table below reconciles sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps to gaap earnings and gaap diluted eps, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted eps
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)        non-controlling interests                   earnings             dilutedeps year ended december 31, 2018
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                          $924                 $3.42
excluded items:
gain on sale of certain sempra renewables assets                          $(513      )                           $146                     $-                                         (367    )            (1.36     )
impairment of investment in rbs sempra commodities                           65                                     -                     -                                            65                  0.24
impairment of non-utility natural gas storage assets                      1,117                                  (452            )        (36                   )                     629                  2.33
impairment of u.s. wind equity method investments                           200                                   (55            )        -                                           145                  0.54
impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation                               1                                                           -                                                                0.08
impact from the tcja                                                          -                                    85                     -                                            85                  0.32
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                    $1,503                 $5.57
weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                                269,852
year ended december 31, 2017
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                          $256                 $1.01
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                                                         $-                                  $870                     $-                                          870                  3.45
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset                                      351                                  (143            )        -                                           208                  0.82
impairment of tdm assets held for sale                                       71                                     -                     (24                   )                      47                  0.19
aliso canyon litigation reserves                                             20                                     -                     -                                            20                  0.08
deferred income tax benefit associated with tdm                               -                                    (8            )                          3                          (5    )            (0.02     )
recoveries related to 2016 permanent release of pipeline capacity           (47      )                             19                     -                                           (28    )            (0.11     )
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                    $1,368                 $5.42
weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                                252,300
year ended december 31, 2016
sempra energy gaap earnings                                                                                                                                                        $1,370                 $5.46
excluded items:
remeasurement gain in connection with gdc acquisition                     $(617      )                           $185                     $82                                        (350    )            (1.39     )
gain on sale of energysouth                                                (130      )                             52                     -                                           (78    )            (0.31     )
permanent release of pipeline capacity                                      206                                   (83            )        -                                           123                  0.49
sdg&amp;e tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd                     52                                   (21            )        -                                            31                  0.12
socalgas tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd                      83                                   (34            )        -                                            49                  0.19
impairment of investment in rockies express                                  44                                   (17            )        -                                            27                  0.11
impairment of tdm assets held for sale                                      131                                   (20            )        (21                   )                      90                  0.36
deferred income tax expense associated with tdm                               -                                     8                     (3                    )                       5                  0.02
sempra energy adjusted earnings                                                                                                                                                    $1,267                 $5.05
weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted (thousands)                                                                                                                                                251,155
(1)   except for adjustments that are solely income tax and tax related to outside basis differences, income taxes were primarily calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates. income taxes associated with tdm were calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate, including translation from historic to current exchange rates. an income tax benefit of $12 million associated with the 2017 tdm impairment has been fully reserved.
for each period in which a non-gaap financial measure is used, we provide in the tables below a reconciliation of sdg&e and socalgas adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings
(dollars in millions)
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)             earnings year ended december 31, 2017
sdg&amp;e gaap earnings                                                                                        $407
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                     $-                        $28                                    28
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset   351                       (143                      )            208
75
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings                                                                           $643
year ended december 31, 2016
sdg&amp;e gaap earnings                                                                               $570
excluded item:
sdg&amp;e tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd   $52                 $(21      )    31
sdg&amp;e adjusted earnings                                                                           $601
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax.
socalgas adjusted earnings
(dollars in millions)
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)                 earnings year ended december 31, 2018
socalgas gaap earnings                                                                                                             $400
excluded item:
impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation           $1                        $
socalgas adjusted earnings                                                                                                         $422
year ended december 31, 2017
socalgas gaap earnings                                                                                                             $396
excluded items:
impact from the tcja                                      $-                        $2                                     2
aliso canyon litigation reserves                          20                        -                                      20
socalgas adjusted earnings                                                                                                         $418
year ended december 31, 2016
socalgas gaap earnings                                                                                                             $349
excluded item:
socalgas tax repairs adjustments related to 2016 grc fd   $83                       $(34                      )            49
socalgas adjusted earnings                                                                                                         $398
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax.
changes in revenues, costs and earnings this section contains a discussion of the differences between periods in the specific line items of the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
utilities revenues our utilities revenues include:
electric revenues at:
▪   sdg&amp;e
▪   sempra south american utilities' chilquinta energía and luz del sur natural gas revenues at:
▪   sdg&amp;e
▪   socalgas
▪   sempra mexico's ecogas
▪   sempra lng &amp; midstream's mobile gas and willmut gas (prior to the sale of energysouth on september 12, 2016)
intercompany revenues included in the separate revenues of each utility are eliminated in the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
socalgas and sdg&e currently operate under a regulatory framework that:
▪   permits sdg&amp;e to recover the actual cost incurred to generate or procure electricity based on annual estimates of the cost of electricity supplied to customers. the differences in cost between estimates and actual are recovered in subsequent periods
76
through rates.
▪   permits the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers (primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers) to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. however, socalgas' gcim provides socalgas the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for its core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. this mechanism permits full recovery of costs incurred when average purchase costs are within a price range around the benchmark price. any higher costs incurred or savings realized outside this range are shared between the core customers and socalgas. we provide further discussion in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities."
▪   also permits the california utilities to recover certain expenses for programs authorized by the cpuc, or "refundable programs."
because changes in sdg&e's and socalgas' cost of electricity and/or natural gas are substantially recovered in rates, changes in these costs are offset in the changes in revenues, and therefore do not impact earnings. in addition to the changes in cost or market prices, electric or natural gas revenues recorded during a period are impacted by customer billing cycles causing a difference between customer billings and recorded or authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time, resulting in over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts. we discuss balancing accounts and their effects further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below summarizes revenues and cost of sales for our utilities.
utilities revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                            2017                    2016
electric revenues:
sdg&amp;e                                       $4,003                  $3,935                  $3,754
sempra south american utilities                  1,507                   1,486                   1,463
eliminations and adjustments                        (4     )                (6     )                (6     )
total                                            5,506                   5,415                   5,211
natural gas revenues:
socalgas                                         3,962                   3,785                   3,471
sdg&amp;e                                          565                     541                     499
sempra mexico                                       78                     110                      88
sempra lng &amp; midstream(1)                        -                       -                      68
eliminations and adjustments                       (65     )               (75     )               (76     )
total                                            4,540                   4,361                   4,050
total utilities revenues                       $10,046                  $9,776                  $9,261
cost of electric fuel and purchased power:
sdg&amp;e                                       $1,370                  $1,293                  $1,187
sempra south american utilities                    965                     988                   1,001
eliminations and adjustments                       (12     )                 -                       -
total                                           $2,323                  $2,281                  $2,188
cost of natural gas:
socalgas                                        $1,048                  $1,025                    $891
sdg&amp;e                                          152                     164                     127
sempra mexico                                       21                      70                      52
sempra lng &amp; midstream(1)                        -                       -                      17
eliminations and adjustments                       (13     )               (69     )               (20     )
total                                           $1,208                  $1,190                  $1,067
(1) in september 2016, we completed the sale of energysouth, the parent company of mobile gas and willmut gas.
electric revenues and cost of electric fuel and purchased power our electric revenues increased by $91 million (2%) to $5.5 billion in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $68 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including:
◦   $77 million higher cost of electric fuel and purchased power, which we discuss below,
◦   $50 million higher revenues from transmission operations, including the annual ferc formulaic rate adjustment,
◦   $32 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, and
◦   $32 million increase in 2018 due to an increase in rates permitted under the attrition mechanism in the 2016 grc fd, offset by
◦   $65 million revenue requirement deferral due to the effect of the tcja,
◦   $39 million revenue requirement deferral related to the songs settlement, which is offset by the discontinuation of amortization, and
◦   $13 million lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018; and
▪   $21 million increase at sempra south american utilities primarily due to higher rates at luz del sur, offset by lower rates at chilquinta energía. the increase was offset by lower volumes at luz del sur, which were primarily driven by weather and the migration of regulated and non-regulated customers to tolling customers, who pay only a tolling fee.
in 2017 compared to 2016, our electric revenues increased by $204 million (4%) to $5.4 billion primarily due to:
▪   $181 million increase at sdg&amp;e, including:
◦   $106 million higher cost of electric fuel and purchased power,
◦   $52 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $52 million increase due to 2017 attrition, and
◦   $31 million higher authorized revenues from electric transmission, offset by
◦   $50 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd; and
▪   $23 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
◦   $56 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects, and
◦   $44 million due to higher rates at luz del sur, offset by lower rates at chilquinta energía, offset by
◦   $75 million lower volumes at luz del sur, primarily due to the migration of regulated and non-regulated customers to tolling customers, who pay only a tolling fee.
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $42 million (2%), remaining at $2.3 billion in 2018, primarily due to:
▪   $77 million increase at sdg&amp;e driven primarily by higher gas prices and electricity market costs, partially offset by lower cost of purchased power from renewable sources due to decreased solar and wind production and from lower capacity contract costs; offset by
▪   $23 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to lower volumes at luz del sur and lower prices at chilquinta energía, offset by higher prices at luz del sur.
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $93 million (4%) to $2.3 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $106 million increase at sdg&amp;e, primarily due to an increase in the cost of purchased power due to higher natural gas prices, an increase from the incremental purchase of renewable energy at higher prices and an additional capacity contract; offset by
▪   $13 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
◦   $48 million lower volumes at luz del sur, offset by
◦   $38 million due to foreign currency exchange rate effects.
natural gas revenues and cost of natural gas the table below summarizes the average cost of natural gas sold by the california utilities and included in cost of natural gas. the average cost of natural gas sold at each utility is impacted by market prices, as well as transportation, tariff and other charges.
california utilities average cost of natural gas
(dollars per thousand cubic feet)
years ended december 31,
2018                             2017                        2016
socalgas    $3.58                       $3.44                       $3.05
sdg&amp;e   3.81                 4.08                        3.20
in 2018, our natural gas revenues increased by $179 million (4%) to $4.5 billion primarily due to:
▪   $177 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $160 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $71 million increase due to 2018 attrition,
◦   $23 million increase in cost of natural gas sold, which we discuss below, and
◦   $19 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, offset by
◦   $67 million revenue requirement deferral due to the effect of the tcja,
◦   $29 million lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, and
◦   $10 million lower net revenues from capital projects, including $60 million decrease for advanced metering infrastructure due to completion of the project, offset by increases of $14 million for psep and $36 million for other capital projects; and
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily due to higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m, and 2018 attrition; offset by
▪   $32 million decrease at sempra mexico, which included:
◦   $46 million lower volumes at ecogas primarily as a result of the new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that no longer allow ecogas to sell natural gas to high consumption end users (defined by the cre as customers with annual consumption that exceeds 4,735 mmbtu) and require those end users to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, including sempra mexico's marketing business, offset by
◦   $13 million higher rates approved by the cre, including $7 million from a regulatory adjustment to rates charged to end users in 2014 through 2016.
in 2017 compared to 2016, our natural gas revenues increased by $311 million (8%) to $4.4 billion primarily due to:
▪   $314 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $134 million increase in cost of natural gas sold,
◦   $83 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $57 million increase due to 2017 attrition, and
◦   $49 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $19 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return;
▪   $42 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included:
◦   $37 million increase in cost of natural gas sold, and
◦   $21 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $16 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m; and
▪   $22 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas prices and higher rates for distribution at ecogas; offset by
▪   $68 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016.
our cost of natural gas increased by $18 million (2%), remaining at $1.2 billion in 2018, primarily due to:
▪   $56 million increase primarily from lower elimination of intercompany costs at sempra mexico; and
▪   $23 million increase at socalgas due to $43 million from higher average gas prices, offset by $20 million from lower volumes driven by weather; offset by
▪   $49 million decrease at sempra mexico primarily associated with the lower revenues at ecogas; and
▪   $12 million decrease at sdg&amp;e primarily due to lower average gas prices.
our cost of natural gas increased by $123 million (12%) to $1.2 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $134 million increase at socalgas due to $114 million from higher average gas prices and $20 million from higher volumes driven by weather;
▪   $37 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily due to higher average gas prices; and
▪   $18 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas prices at ecogas; offset by
▪   $49 million decrease primarily from higher elimination of intercompany costs at sempra mexico.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales the table below shows revenues and cost of sales for our energy-related businesses.
energy-related businesses: revenues and cost of sales
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                2017                        2016
revenues sempra south american utilities                                   $78                         $81                         $93
sempra mexico                                                   1,298                       1,086                         637
sempra renewables                                                 124                          94                          34
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                        472                         540                         440
eliminations and adjustments                                     (331      )                 (370      )                 (282      )
total revenues                                                 $1,641                      $1,431                        $922
cost of sales(1)
cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power:
sempra south american utilities                                   $18                         $20                         $13
sempra mexico                                                     354                         252                         200
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                        294                         382                         337
eliminations and adjustments                                     (311      )                 (315      )                 (273      )
total                                                            $355                        $339                        $277
other cost of sales:
sempra south american utilities                                   $58                         $52                         $69
sempra mexico                                                       9
sempra lng &amp; midstream                                         19                         (30      )                  251
eliminations and adjustments                                       (8      )                   (7      )                   (8      )
total                                                             $78                         $24                        $322
(1)   excludes depreciation and amortization, which are presented separately on the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
revenues from our energy-related businesses increased by $210 million (15%) to $1.6 billion in 2018. the increase included:
▪   $212 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $84 million from the marketing business, primarily due to new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that require high consumption end users (previously serviced by ecogas and other natural gas utilities) to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, including sempra mexico's marketing business, and from higher volumes and gas prices,
◦   $69 million at tdm primarily due to the plant outage in 2017 as a result of scheduled major maintenance and higher power prices,
◦   $34 million primarily due to pipeline assets placed in service in the second quarter of 2017, and
◦   $18 million from o&amp;m services provided to the tag jv;
▪   $39 million increase from lower intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico; and
▪   $30 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018; offset by
▪   $68 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to:
◦   $98 million costs associated with indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2018. indemnity payments of $103 million in 2017 were recorded in cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power prior to adoption of asc 606, offset by
◦   $50 million from the marketing business primarily from higher natural gas sales and turnback cargo revenues.
in 2017 compared to 2016, revenues from our energy-related businesses increased by $509 million (55%) to $1.4 billion. the increase included:
▪   $449 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to:
◦   $293 million from the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service,
◦   $96 million from the acquisition of ventika in december 2016,
◦   $30 million higher revenues primarily due to higher natural gas prices and customer base in its gas business, and
◦   $28 million increase at tdm due to higher power prices and volumes;
▪   $100 million increase at sempra lng &amp; midstream, which included:
◦   $51 million primarily from natural gas marketing activities, including an increase in sales of natural gas, and from changes in natural gas prices,
◦   $29 million from higher natural gas and lng sales to sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas prices,
◦   $12 million from non-delivery of lng cargoes due to higher natural gas prices, and
◦   $10 million attributable to cameron interstate pipeline; and
▪   $60 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service during 2016; offset by
▪   $88 million primarily from higher intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
the cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power for our energy-related businesses increased by $16 million (5%) to $355 million in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $102 million at sempra mexico primarily associated with higher revenues from the marketing business as a result of the new regulations that went into effect in 2018. the increase at sempra mexico was also due to higher volumes in 2018 due to the tdm plant outage in 2017; and
▪   $4 million lower intercompany eliminations of costs between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico, including $103 million elimination of indemnity payments made by sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2017 now recorded as a reduction to energy-related business revenues since adoption of asc 606; offset by
▪   $88 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2017 recorded in revenues in 2018 pursuant to adoption of asc 606.
the cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power for our energy-related businesses increased by $62 million (22%) to $339 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $52 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas costs and customer base in its gas business; and
▪   $45 million increase at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to higher natural gas costs; offset by
▪   $42 million from higher intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses increased by $54 million to $78 million in 2018 primarily due to $57 million in settlement proceeds received by sempra lng & midstream in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty, of which $47 million is related to the charge in 2016 from permanent release of pipeline capacity.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses decreased by $298 million to $24 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $206 million charge in 2016 related to sempra lng &amp; midstream's permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $57 million settlement proceeds received by sempra lng &amp; midstream in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty;
▪   $18 million capacity costs in 2016 on the rockies express pipeline that have since been permanently released; and
▪   $16 million due to lower sales of electrical services and materials at tecnored.
operation and maintenance in the table below, we provide a breakdown of o&m by segment.
operation and maintenance
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                           2017(1)               2016(1)
sdg&amp;e                            $1,058                $1,024                $1,062
socalgas                              1,613                 1,474                 1,391
sempra south american utilities         178                   169                   171
sempra mexico                           239                   234                   149
sempra renewables                        89                    73                    54
sempra lng &amp; midstream              123                   123                   155
parent and other(2)                       9                    (1    )               (6    )
total operation and maintenance      $3,309                $3,096                $2,976
(1)   as adjusted for the retrospective adoption of asu 2017-07, which we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(2)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
our o&m increased by $213 million (7%) to $3.3 billion in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $139 million increase at socalgas which included:
◦   $160 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs for which costs incurred are recovered in revenue (refundable program expenses), offset by
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017;
▪   $34 million increase at sdg&amp;e, which included:
◦   $22 million higher non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs, and
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs in 2017 associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018 and selling costs associated with the sale of assets.
our o&m increased by $120 million (4%) to $3.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $85 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to the consolidation of ienova pipelines and ventika in 2016, from the growth in sempra mexico's businesses, and from scheduled major maintenance at tdm in the second quarter of 2017;
▪   $83 million increase at socalgas, which included:
◦   $54 million higher non-refundable operating costs primarily associated with higher safety-related maintenance and inspection activity, as well as other labor, contract services and administrative and support costs, and
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017; and
▪   $19 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2016 and higher general and administrative and development costs; offset by
▪   $38 million decrease at sdg&amp;e, which included:
◦   $33 million lower expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs,
◦   $12 million decrease at otay mesa vie primarily due to scheduled major maintenance in 2016 at the omec plant, and
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, offset by
◦   $16 million higher non-refundable operating costs, including labor, contract services and administrative and support costs; and
▪   $32 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream, $25 million of which was due to the sale of energysouth in september 2016.
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset in the third quarter of 2017, sdg&e recorded a $351 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs. we discuss this further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
82
impairment losses in june 2018, sempra lng & midstream recognized a $1.3 billion impairment loss for certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. held for sale, and in december 2018, we reduced the impairment loss to $1.1 billion, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing noncash impairment charges of $71 million in 2017 and $131 million in 2016, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2016, socalgas recorded a $21 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project.
gain on sale of assets in december 2018, sempra renewables recognized a $513 million gain on the sale of all its operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50-percent interest in a wind power generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed. in 2016, sempra lng & midstream recognized a $130 million gain on the sale of energysouth. we discuss these divestitures in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
remeasurement of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2016, sempra mexico recorded a $617 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of its 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines. we discuss the transaction further in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income, net as part of our central risk management function, we enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge sempra mexico parent's exposure to movements in the mexican peso from its controlling interest in ienova. the gains/losses associated with these derivatives are included in other income, net, as described below, and partially mitigate the transactional effects of foreign currency and inflation included in income taxes and in earnings from sempra mexico's equity method investments. we discuss policies governing our risk management in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below.
other income, net, decreased by $161 million to $72 million in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $70 million decrease in equity-related afudc mainly from completion of pipeline projects at sempra mexico in 2017;
▪   $6 million investment losses in 2018 compared to $56 million investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans;
▪   $16 million higher non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2018, including $10 million at sdg&amp;e and $5 million at socalgas; and
▪   $10 million lower net gains from interest rate and foreign exchange instruments and foreign currency transactions primarily due to:
◦   $46 million lower gains in 2018 on foreign currency derivatives as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso, offset by
◦   $32 million lower losses in 2018 on a mexican peso-denominated loan to the img jv, which is offset in equity earnings.
in 2017 compared to 2016, other income, net, increased by $95 million (69%) to $233 million and included the following activity:
▪   $47 million net gains in 2017 on interest rate and foreign exchange instruments, compared to $32 million net losses in 2016 primarily as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso;
▪   $52 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
◦   $17 million increase at sdg&amp;e, and
◦   $32 million increase at sempra mexico primarily from the ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects; and
▪   $33 million higher investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans; offset by
▪   $34 million higher foreign currency transactional losses in 2017, primarily related to a mexican peso-denominated note receivable due from img jv; and
▪   $21 million non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2017 compared to a $6 million credit in 2016.
we provide further details of the components of other income, net, in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the table below shows the income tax expense and etrs for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
83
income tax expense and effective income tax rates
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                       2017                        2016
sempra energy consolidated:
income tax expense                                       $96                      $1,276                        $389
income before income taxes and equity earnings        $1,046                      $1,551                      $1,824
of unconsolidated entities equity (losses) earnings, before income tax(1)          (236      )                   34                           6
pretax income                                           $810                      $1,585                      $1,830
effective income tax rate                                 12      %                   81      %                   21      %
sdg&amp;e:
income tax expense                                      $173                        $155                        $280
income before income taxes                              $849                        $576                        $845
effective income tax rate                                 20      %                   27      %                   33      %
socalgas:
income tax expense                                       $92                        $160                        $143
income before income taxes                              $493                        $557                        $493
effective income tax rate                                 19      %                   29      %                   29      %
(1)   we discuss how we recognize equity earnings in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law. as discussed below, we recorded additional income tax expense of $870 million from the effects of the tcja in 2017, which significantly impacts our following comparisons of income tax expense from 2018 to 2017 and 2017 to 2016.
following are the key provisions of the tcja that impact us:
▪   lower u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate: the tcja reduced the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. generally, we expect the resultant benefit of lower income tax expense at sdg&amp;e and socalgas to be allocated to ratepayers.
▪   deemed repatriation: the tcja imposed a one-time tax for deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries, which we recorded in 2017. under the deemed repatriation provision of the tcja, a u.s. shareholder must include in taxable income its pro-rata share of cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, which were taxed at 15.5 percent on cash or cash equivalents and 8 percent on cumulative other earnings.
▪   territorial tax system: the tcja adopted a territorial system of taxation that replaced the previous worldwide taxation approach. the tcja provides for a 100-percent-dividends-received deduction for foreign source dividends, effectively resulting in no federal income taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings after 2017.
▪   full expensing of depreciable property: property placed in service after september 27, 2017 is generally eligible for full expensing. regulated public utilities, including the california utilities, are not eligible for full expensing after december 31, 2017.
▪   limitation of interest deductions: the tcja limits the deduction for interest expense that exceeds adjusted taxable income as defined in the irc. any disallowed interest expense can be carried forward indefinitely. the california utilities are excepted from this limitation.
▪   executive compensation deduction limitation: the tcja amended the definition of a covered employee and eliminated certain exceptions previously allowed under prior law, limiting the annual deductible compensation expense for a covered employee to $1 million.
▪   nol deductions: u.s. federal nol carryforwards generated in years starting in 2018 are limited to 80 percent of taxable income. the tcja permits new nols to be carried forward indefinitely, but no longer allows any carryback.
▪   global intangible low-taxed income: the tcja included a new requirement that foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign subsidiaries be included as current taxable income of their u.s. shareholder.
we recorded the effects of the tcja in 2017 using our best estimates and the information available to us through the date those financial statements were issued. in 2018, we adjusted our 2017 provisional estimates and completed our accounting for the income tax effects of the tcja as permitted by asu 2018-05, which we describe in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we discuss these 2017 tcja impacts and related 2018 provisional adjustments further in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have not recorded deferred income taxes with respect to remaining basis differences of approximately $1 billion between financial statement and income tax investment amounts in our non-u.s. subsidiaries because we consider them to be indefinitely reinvested as of december 31, 2018. it is currently not practicable to determine the hypothetical amount of tax that might be payable if the underlying basis differences were realized. on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we are evaluating the effects of the planned sale on our indefinite reinvestment assertion and expect to record any impacts to our tax provision in the first quarter of 2019.
sempra energy consolidated sempra energy's income tax expense decreased in 2018 due to a lower etr and lower pretax income. pretax income in 2018 was impacted by the impairments at our sempra lng & midstream and sempra renewables segments offset by the gain from the sale of assets at sempra renewables, while the pretax income in 2017 was impacted by the write-off of sdg&e's wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $870 million income tax expense in 2017 from the effects of the tcja, as follows:
◦   $688 million related to future repatriation of foreign earnings, including $328 million of u.s. federal income tax expense pertaining to the deemed repatriation tax and $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
◦   $182 million from remeasurement of our u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35 percent to 21 percent;
▪   $131 million income tax benefit in 2018 resulting from the reduced outside basis difference in sempra lng &amp; midstream as a result of the impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets;
▪   $98 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $42 million lower income tax expense from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso; offset by
▪   $85 million income tax expense in 2018 to adjust 2017 provisional estimates for the effects of the tcja;
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
sempra energy's income tax expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to a higher etr, partially offset by lower pretax income. the higher etr was primarily due to:
▪   $870 million income tax expense in 2017 from the effects of the tcja, as discussed above;
▪   $62 million income tax expense in 2017, compared to $38 million income tax benefit in 2016, from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso in 2017; and
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $33 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $3 million income tax expense in 2016, related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
we report as part of our pretax results the income or loss attributable to nci. however, we do not record income taxes for a portion of this income or loss, as some of our entities with nci are currently treated as partnerships for income tax purposes, and thus we are only liable for income taxes on the portion of the earnings that are allocated to us. our pretax income, however, includes 100 percent of these entities. as our entities with nci grow, and as we may continue to invest in such entities, the impact on our etr may become more significant.
sdg&e sdg&e's income tax expense increased in 2018 due to higher pretax income partially offset by a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after tax) write-off of the wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $119 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $28 million deferred income tax expense in 2017 from remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax balances from 35 percent to 21 percent, primarily from the deferred income tax asset relating to the impairment of the songs steam generator replacement project in prior years; offset by
▪   $19 million lower income tax benefit in 2018 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after tax) write-off of wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $12 million higher income tax benefit in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   higher flow-through deductions in 2017; offset by
▪   $28 million deferred income tax expense from remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax balances; and
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
socalgas socalgas' income tax expense decreased in 2018 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $69 million lower income tax expense from the lower u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate in 2018; offset by
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
socalgas' income tax expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher pretax income.
peruvian tax legislation in december 2016, the peruvian president, through a presidential decree, enacted income tax law changes that became effective on january 1, 2017. among other changes, the new law imposed an increase in the corporate income tax rate from 28 percent in 2016 to 29.5 percent in 2017 and beyond, as well as a decrease in the dividend withholding tax rate from 6.8 percent in 2016 to 5 percent in 2017 and beyond. as a result of the increase to the peruvian corporate income tax rate to 29.5 percent, we remeasured our peruvian deferred income tax balances, resulting in $17 million income tax expense recorded in 2016.
equity earnings equity earnings increased by $100 million to $176 million in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $371 million equity earnings, net of income tax, from our investment in oncor holdings, which we acquired in march 2018; offset by
▪   $200 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain wind equity method investments at sempra renewables that are included in our plan of sale;
▪   $65 million impairment of our rbs sempra commodities equity method investment; and
▪   $16 million lower equity earnings from the img jv at sempra mexico, which includes $32 million lower foreign currency gains in 2018 on its mexican peso-denominated loans from its jv owners, which is fully offset in other income, net.
the decrease of $8 million to $76 million in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to:
▪   $64 million equity earnings, net of income tax, in 2016 from ienova pipelines, including $19 million from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; and
▪   $13 million equity losses, net of income tax, in 2017 from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in den in november 2017, compared to $5 million of equity earnings, net of income tax, in 2016, primarily from foreign currency and inflation effects; offset by
▪   $45 million equity earnings, net of income tax, from the img jv, primarily due to afudc equity and foreign currency effects, offset by interest expense; and
▪   $26 million equity losses in 2016 from sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment in rockies express, including a $44 million impairment charge in the first quarter of 2016.
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests earnings attributable to nci were $76 million for 2018 compared to $94 million for 2017. the net change of $18 million included:
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2018 due to the net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets; and
▪   $35 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables; offset by
▪   $59 million higher earnings attributable to nci at sempra mexico in 2018.
earnings attributable to nci were $94 million for 2017 compared to $148 million for 2016. the net change of $54 million included:
▪   $60 million at sempra mexico, primarily due to:
◦   $50 million lower earnings attributable to nci as a result of the decrease in earnings, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, as we discuss above in "segment results - sempra mexico," and
◦   $28 million losses attributable to nci in 2017 from foreign currency and inflation effects without the corresponding benefit from foreign currency derivatives that are not subject to nci compared to $14 million earnings in 2016, offset by
◦   $32 million higher earnings attributable to nci, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, from the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offering in october 2016, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $19 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables in 2017; offset by
▪   $14 million earnings at sdg&amp;e compared to $5 million losses in 2016, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a result of scheduled major maintenance at the omec plant in 2016.
mandatory convertible preferred stock dividends in the year ended december 31, 2018, our board of directors declared dividends of $105 million and $20 million, respectively, on our series a preferred stock and series b preferred stock.
transactions with affiliates we provide information about our related party transactions in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations because our operations in south america and our natural gas distribution utility in mexico use their local currency as their functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for the period for consolidation in sempra energy consolidated's results of operations.
foreign currency translation any difference in average exchange rates used for the translation of income statement activity from year to year can cause a variance in sempra energy's comparative results of operations. changes in foreign currency translation rates between years resulted in a negligible impact in 2018 compared to 2017 and $6 million higher earnings at sempra south american utilities in 2017 compared to 2016.
transactional impacts some income statement activities at our foreign operations and their jvs are also impacted by transactional gains and losses, which we discuss below. a summary of these foreign currency transactional gains and losses included in our reported results is as follows:
transactional gains (losses) from foreign currency and inflation
(dollars in millions)
total reported amounts         transactionalgains (losses) includedin reported amounts years ended december 31,
2018                                                       2017                                     2016   2018                          2017                                                     2016
other income, net(1)                           $72                    $233                    $138               $-                                        $14                            $(33       )
income tax expense                             (96     )            (1,276     )              (389     )         (20             )                         (62       )                      38
equity earnings                                176         76                                   84               (15             )       14                                                 23
net income                                   1,126         351                               1,519               (35             )                         (53       )                      39
earnings attributable to common shares         924         256                               1,370               (21             )                         (25       )                      25
(1)   total reported amounts for 2017 and 2016 were adjusted for the retrospective adoption of asu 2017-07, which we discuss in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
foreign currency exchange rate and inflation impacts on income taxes and related hedging activity our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated cash balances, receivables, payables and debt (monetary assets and liabilities) that are affected by mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. as a result, fluctuations in both the currency exchange rate for the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar and mexican inflation may expose us to fluctuations in income tax expense, other income, net and equity earnings. we use foreign currency derivatives as a means to manage exposure to the currency exchange rate on our monetary assets and liabilities. however, we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense caused by exchange rate fluctuations and inflation. the derivative activity impacts other income, net.
the income tax expense of our south american subsidiaries is similarly impacted by inflation and currency exchange rate movements related to u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities.
other transactions although the financial statements of most of our mexican subsidiaries and jvs (energía sierra juárez and img) have the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, some transactions may be denominated in the local currency; such transactions are remeasured into u.s. dollars. this remeasurement creates transactional gains and losses that are included in other income, net, for our consolidated subsidiaries and in equity earnings for our jvs (including ienova pipelines until september 26, 2016 and den until november 15, 2017).
we utilize cross-currency swaps that exchange our mexican peso-denominated principal and interest payments into the u.s. dollar and swap mexican variable interest rates for u.s. fixed interest rates. the impacts of these cross-currency swaps are offset in oci and are reclassified from aoci into earnings through interest expense as settlements occur.
certain of our mexican pipeline projects (namely los ramones i at ienova pipelines and los ramones norte within our tag jv) generate revenue based on tariffs that are set by government agencies in mexico, with contracts denominated in mexican pesos that are indexed to the u.s. dollar, adjusted annually for inflation and fluctuation in the exchange rate. the resultant gains and losses from remeasuring the local currency amounts into u.s. dollars and the settlement of foreign currency forwards and swaps related to these contracts are included in revenues: energy-related businesses or equity earnings.
our jvs in chile (eletrans) use the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, but have certain construction commitments that are denominated in clf. eletrans entered into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign currency exchange risk of the clf relative to the u.s. dollar. the forward exchange contracts settle based on anticipated payments to vendors, generally monthly, and ended in 2018, with activity recorded in equity earnings.
capital resources and liquidity overview we expect to meet our cash requirements through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from recent and planned asset sales, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including partnering jvs.
our lines of credit provide liquidity and support commercial paper. as we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra energy, sempra global and the california utilities each have five-year revolving credit facilities expiring in 2020. the table below shows the amount of available funds, including available unused credit on these three credit facilities, at december 31, 2018. our foreign operations had additional general purpose credit facilities aggregating $1.8 billion, with approximately $0.8 billion available unused credit at december 31, 2018.
available funds at december 31, 2018
(dollars in millions)
sempra energyconsolidated              sdg&amp;e               socalgas unrestricted cash and cash equivalents(1)   $190                                   $8                      $18
available unused credit(2)(3)               4,219                            453                     453
(1)   amounts at sempra energy consolidated included $141 million held in non-u.s. jurisdictions. we discuss repatriation in "results of operations - changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" above.
(2)   available unused credit is the total available on sempra energy's, sempra global's and the california utilities' credit facilities that we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. borrowings on the shared line of credit at sdg&amp;e and socalgas are limited to $750 million for each utility and a combined total of $1 billion. the available balance at each of the california utilities assumes no additional borrowings by the other.
(3)   because the commercial paper programs are supported by these lines, we reflect the amount of commercial paper outstanding as a reduction to the available unused credit.
sempra energy consolidated we believe that these available funds, combined with cash flows from operations, proceeds from recent and planned asset sales, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including partnering in jvs, will be adequate to fund our current operations, including to:
▪   finance capital expenditures;
▪   meet liquidity requirements;
▪   fund dividends;
▪   fund new business or asset acquisitions or start-ups;
▪   fund capital contribution requirements;
▪   repay maturing long-term debt; and
▪   fund expenditures related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
sempra energy and the california utilities currently have ready access to the long-term debt markets and are not currently constrained in their ability to borrow at reasonable rates. however, changing economic conditions and our financing activities could negatively affect the availability and cost of both short-term and long-term financing. also, cash flows from operations may be impacted by the timing of commencement and completion of large projects. if cash flows from operations were to be significantly reduced or we were unable to borrow under acceptable terms, we would likely first reduce or postpone discretionary capital expenditures (not related to safety) and investments in new businesses. if these measures were necessary, they would primarily impact our sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream businesses before we would reduce funds necessary for the ongoing needs of our utilities. we used the $1.6 billion in cash proceeds received from sempra renewables' sale to a subsidiary of con ed, which we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, to temporarily pay down commercial paper, pending the close of oncor's and our agreements to purchase infrareit and a 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp, respectively, as described below. we monitor our ability to finance the needs of our operating, investing and financing activities in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
we have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and nuclear decommissioning. changes in asset values, which are dependent on the activity in the equity and fixed income markets, have not affected the trust funds' abilities to make required payments. however, changes in asset values, along with a number of other factors such as changes to discount rates, assumed rates of return, mortality tables, and regulations, may impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt. at the california utilities, funding requirements are generally recoverable in rates.
we discuss matters regarding sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas common stock dividends below in "dividends."
short-term borrowings we use short-term debt primarily to meet liquidity requirements, fund shareholder dividends, and temporarily finance capital expenditures, acquisitions or start-ups. our corporate short-term, unsecured promissory notes, or commercial paper, were our primary sources of short-term debt funding in 2018. our california utilities use short-term debt primarily to meet working capital needs.
the following table shows selected statistics for our commercial paper borrowings for 2018:
89
commercial paper statistics
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated             sdg&amp;e           socalgas amount outstanding at december 31, 2018                                $1,216                       $291                $256
weighted-average interest rate at december 31, 2018                     2.786          %           2.968     %         2.581    %
maximum month-end amount outstanding during 2018(1)                    $3,913                       $458                $345
monthly weighted-average amount outstanding during 2018                $2,556                       $235                $179
monthly weighted-average interest rate during 2018                      2.358          %           1.969     %         1.987    %
(1)   the largest amount outstanding at the end of the last day of any month during the year.
impacts of the tcja in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded the effects of the tcja, resulting in an increase to income tax expense of $870 million at sempra energy consolidated. in 2018, we recorded $85 million income tax expense when we adjusted our 2017 provisional estimates. although there was no cash impact in 2017 or 2018, these effects represent potential future tax payments or other cash outflow and, in the case of sdg&e and socalgas, the remeasurement of their u.s. federal deferred income tax balances will result in cash outflow primarily for refunds to ratepayers in the future. we used a portion of our existing nols to offset the deemed repatriation tax.
certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted as a result of certain provisions of the tcja and in particular by an anticipated decrease in income tax reimbursement payments to us from sdg&e and socalgas due the reduction in the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent.
certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may also influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt.
as we discuss in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," our analysis and interpretation of the effects of the tcja and our assessment of strategies to manage the cash and earnings impacts on our businesses are ongoing.
loans to/from affiliates at december 31, 2018, sempra energy has outstanding loans to unconsolidated affiliates totaling $688 million and a $37 million loan from an unconsolidated affiliate, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
california utilities sdg&e and socalgas expect that the available unused credit described above, cash flows from operations, and debt issuances will continue to be adequate to fund their respective operations. the california utilities manage their capital structure and pay dividends when appropriate and as approved by their respective boards of directors.
as we discuss in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, changes in balancing accounts for significant costs at sdg&e and socalgas, particularly a change between over- and undercollected status, may have a significant impact on cash flows, as these changes generally represent the difference between when costs are incurred and when they are ultimately recovered in rates through billings to customers.
sdg&e's and socalgas' balancing accounts include some or all of the following:
▪   energy resource recovery balancing account (erra) - tracks the difference between amounts billed to customers and the actual cost of electric fuel and purchased power. sdg&amp;e's erra balance was undercollected by $50 million and $51 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
▪   electric distribution fixed cost account (edfca) - tracks the difference between amounts billed to customers and the authorized margin and other costs allocated to electric distribution customers. sdg&amp;e's edfca balance was undercollected by $43 million and $112 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease in undercollection was mainly due to customer consumption and electric rates alignment.
▪   core fixed cost account (cfca) - tracks the difference between amounts billed to customers and the authorized margin and other costs allocated to core customers. because mild weather experienced in 2018 and 2017 resulted in lower natural gas
90
consumption compared to authorized levels, sdg&e's cfca balance was undercollected by $51 million and $26 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and socalgas' cfca balance was undercollected by $177 million and $164 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
sdg&e sdg&e has a tolling agreement to purchase power generated at omec, a 605-mw generating facility. a related agreement provided sdg&e with the option to purchase omec at a predetermined price (referred to as the call option). sdg&e's call option has expired unexercised. under the terms of the agreement, omec llc can require sdg&e to purchase the power plant for $280 million, subject to adjustments, on or before october 3, 2019 (referred to as the put option), or upon earlier termination of the ppa.
in october 2018, sdg&e and omec llc signed a resource adequacy capacity agreement for a term that would commence at the expiration of the current tolling agreement in october 2019 and end in august 2024. the capacity agreement was approved by omec llc's lenders in december 2018, but is contingent upon receiving final and non-appealable approval from the cpuc before the expiration of the put option on april 1, 2019. if a timely final and non-appealable approval of the resource adequacy capacity agreement is received, omec llc will waive its right to exercise the put option and, as a result, sdg&e would no longer consolidate otay mesa vie. sdg&e received cpuc approval of the resource adequacy capacity agreement in february 2019 and the period for appeal expires on march 25, 2019.
socalgas aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak we provide information on the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below, and in "item 1a. risk factors." the costs of defending against the related civil and criminal lawsuits and cooperating with related investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, costs and other penalties, if awarded or imposed, as well as costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. also, higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, which may have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts are significant and may increase, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra texas utility acquisition of oncor holdings as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, on march 9, 2018, sempra energy completed transactions resulting in the acquisition of an indirect ownership of an 80.25-percent interest in oncor for a total purchase price paid of $9.57 billion, including merger consideration of $9.45 billion.
as we discuss in notes 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements, our registered public offerings of common stock (not including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), series a preferred stock and long-term debt completed in january 2018 provided total initial net proceeds of approximately $7.0 billion for partial funding of the merger consideration, of which approximately $800 million was used to pay down commercial paper, pending the closing of the merger.
in march 2018, to fund a portion of the merger consideration, we issued approximately $900 million (net of underwriting discounts) of common equity through settlement of forward sales under the forward sale agreements and raised the remaining portion of the merger consideration through issuances of approximately $2.6 billion in commercial paper, with a weighted-average maturity of 47 days and a weighted-average interest rate of 2.2 percent per annum.
upon closing of the merger, our funding of the total purchase price was comprised of approximately 31 percent equity and approximately 69 percent debt, which does not include shares that have since been settled and that we expect to settle in our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements. we intend to ultimately fund the total purchase price with approximately 65 percent equity and approximately 35 percent debt.
in june 2018, we issued approximately $800 million (net of underwriting discounts) of common equity through settlement of forward sales under the forward sale agreements and used the proceeds from these settlements to repay long-term debt maturing in june 2018 and to repay commercial paper used to fund a portion of the merger consideration.
in july 2018, we raised additional net proceeds of approximately $729 million through sales of $565 million of series b preferred stock and $164 million of common stock (not including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements).
the january 2018 and july 2018 forward sale agreements permit us to elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements. we expect to settle the forward sale agreements entirely by the physical delivery of shares of our common stock in exchange for cash proceeds. as of february 26, 2019, at the initial forward sale price of approximately $105.07 per share in january 2018 and approximately $111.87 per share in july 2018, we expect that the net proceeds from full physical settlement of the remaining forward sale agreements would be approximately $1.8 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting equity issuance costs, and subject to certain adjustments pursuant to the forward sale agreements). assuming physical settlement of all outstanding forward sales agreements, we will have achieved funding the total purchase price with approximately 65 percent equity.
if we do not physically settle all the forward settlement agreements, we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. some of the equity financing subsequent to the merger (including proceeds we receive from the settlement of the remaining portion of our forward sale agreements and from other sales of common stock) may be used to repay indebtedness incurred to finance a portion of the total purchase price. if we were to elect cash settlement or net share settlement, the amount of cash proceeds we receive upon settlement would differ, perhaps substantially, or we may not receive any cash proceeds or we may deliver cash (in an amount which could be significant) or shares of our common stock to the forward purchasers. we expect to settle the remaining portion of the forward sale agreements in one or more settlements no later than december 15, 2019, which is the final settlement date under the agreements.
oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs with the proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements, we may be required to make additional investments in oncor, or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may be required to make a capital contribution, rather than a loan, to oncor.
commensurate with our ownership interest, we contributed to oncor $230 million in cash in 2018. in 2018, oncor's board of directors declared dividends of $209 million, of which $167 million is oncor holdings' commensurate share. in 2018, oncor holdings distributed the $167 million to sempra energy in the form of dividends of $149 million and tax sharing payments of $18 million.
in february 2019, oncor's board of directors declared dividends of $71 million and oncor holdings' board of directors declared dividends of $54 million. in february 2019, sempra energy contributed $56 million to oncor.
we provide additional discussion regarding the merger and financing risks below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
on october 18, 2018, sempra energy committed to make a capital contribution to oncor for oncor to fund its acquisition of infrareit, which acquisition we expect will close in mid-2019. we estimate the capital contribution to be $1,025 million, excluding our share of approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition. the capital contribution is contingent on the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the substantially simultaneous closing of the transactions contemplated by the infrareit merger agreement. we discuss these transactions in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "factors influencing future performance."
sempra south american utilities we expect to fund operations at chilquinta energía and luz del sur and dividends at luz del sur with available funds, including credit facilities, funds internally generated by those businesses, issuances of corporate bonds and other external borrowings.
on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to market and sell our south american businesses. we expect to complete the sales process by the end of 2019.
sempra mexico we expect to fund operations and dividends at ienova with available funds, including credit facilities, and funds internally generated by the sempra mexico businesses, as well as funds from ienova's securities issuances, project financing, interim funding from the parent or affiliates, and partnering in jvs.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, ienova paid dividends of $71 million, $67 million and $26 million, respectively, to its minority shareholders.
ienova's shareholders approved the formation of a fund for ienova to repurchase its own shares of common stock for a maximum amount of $250 million in u.s. dollars in 2018. repurchases shall not exceed ienova's total net profits, including retained earnings, as stated in their 2017 financial statements. in the fourth quarter of 2018, ienova repurchased 2,000,000 shares of its outstanding common stock held by nci for approximately $7 million, resulting in an increase in sempra energy's ownership interest in ienova from 66.4 percent to 66.5 percent. in february 2019, ienova repurchased an additional 1,600,000 shares for approximately $6 million.
sempra renewables as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "factors influencing future performance," on june 25, 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our entire portfolio of u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, its solar and battery storage development projects, and one wind generation facility for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement to sell its remaining wind assets and investments for $551 million, subject to working capital adjustments and customary closing conditions. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019.
sempra lng & midstream on february 7, 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners. sempra lng & midstream received cash proceeds of $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale), which we discuss in "item 1. business" and in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we expect sempra lng & midstream to require funding for the development and expansion of its remaining portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, funding from the parent, project financing and partnering in jvs.
sempra lng & midstream, through its interest in cameron lng jv, is developing a natural gas liquefaction export facility at the cameron lng jv terminal. the majority of the current three-train liquefaction project is project-financed, with most or all of the remainder of the capital requirements to be provided by the project partners, including sempra energy, through equity contributions under the project equity agreements. we expect that our remaining equity requirements to complete the project will be met by a combination of our share of cash generated from each liquefaction train as it comes on line and additional cash contributions. sempra energy signed guarantees for 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the financing agreements for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, the effective date of the jv formation. the guarantees will terminate upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
we discuss cameron lng jv and the jv financing further in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
93
cash flows from operating activities cash provided by operating activities
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                 2018 change                      2017                                      2017 change       2016
sempra energy consolidated      $3,447               $(178     )        (5   )%              $3,625                  $1,314          57   %              $2,311
sdg&amp;e                        1,584           37                2                          1,547           224                    17                   1,323
socalgas                         1,013               (293      )       (22   )                1,306           635                    95           671
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy decreased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $43 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2018 compared to a $188 million net decrease in 2017. the $43 million net increase in 2018 primarily includes $142 million of additional accruals, partially offset by $97 million in insurance proceeds received. we discuss the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility leak further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $198 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to higher interest payments in 2018;
▪   $144 million increase in accounts receivable in 2018 compared to a $17 million decrease in 2017; and
▪   $258 million purchases of ghg allowances in 2018 compared to $97 million in 2017; offset by
▪   $83 million decrease in income taxes receivable in 2018 compared to a $70 million increase in 2017;
▪   $124 million decrease in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) at sdg&amp;e in 2018 compared to a $28 million increase in 2017. over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts reflect the difference between customer billings and recorded or cpuc-authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time;
▪   $149 million of dividends received from oncor holdings in 2018; and
▪   $143 million increase in deferred revenue requirement due to the tcja at the california utilities in 2018.
cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.1 billion higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to improved results at our operating segments;
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt at sdg&amp;e in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year; and
▪   $17 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $42 million increase in 2016; offset by
▪   $54 million increase in net overcollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) at socalgas in 2017 compared to a $293 million increase in 2016;
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2016;
▪   $28 million increase in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) at sdg&amp;e in 2017 compared to a $55 million decrease in 2016;
▪   $70 million increase in income taxes receivable in 2017 compared to a $3 million decrease in 2016; and
▪   $83 million increase in accounts payable in 2017 compared to a $122 million increase in 2016.
sdg&e cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $124 million decrease in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) in 2018 compared to a $28 million increase in 2017;
▪   $30 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2018 compared to a $76 million increase in 2017; and
▪   $75 million increase in deferred revenue requirement due to the tcja in 2018; offset by
94
▪   $23 million decrease in income taxes receivable in 2018 compared to a $136 million decrease in 2017, primarily due to timing of tax payments;
▪   $96 million purchases of ghg allowances in 2018 compared to $15 million in 2017;
▪   $1 million decrease in accounts payable in 2018 compared to a $75 million increase in 2017; and
▪   $22 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2018 compared to 2017.
cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $136 million decrease in income taxes receivable in 2017 compared to a $115 million increase in 2016, primarily due to timing of tax payments;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year;
▪   $15 million in purchases of ghg allowances in 2017 compared to $58 million in 2016; and
▪   $75 million increase in accounts payable in 2017 compared to a $39 million increase in 2016; offset by
▪   $28 million increase in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) in 2017 compared to a $55 million decrease in 2016;
▪   $76 million increase in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $31 million increase in 2016; and
▪   $23 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016.
socalgas cash provided by operating activities at socalgas decreased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $43 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2018 compared to a $188 million net decrease in 2017. the $43 million net increase in 2018 primarily includes $142 million of additional accruals, partially offset by $97 million in insurance proceeds received;
▪   $87 million increase in accounts receivable in 2018 compared to a $72 million decrease in 2017; and
▪   $142 million purchases of ghg allowances in 2018 compared to $78 million in 2017; offset by
▪   $68 million increase in deferred revenue requirement due to the tcja in 2018; and
▪   $2 million increase in inventory in 2018 compared to a $66 million increase in 2017.
cash provided by operating activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $135 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016;
▪   $20 million net source of cash due to changes in other current assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to a $38 million net use of cash in 2016; and
▪   $72 million decrease in accounts receivable in 2017 compared to a $37 million decrease in 2016; offset by
▪   $54 million increase in net overcollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts included in regulatory assets) in 2017 compared to a $293 million increase in 2016; and
▪   $66 million increase in inventory in 2017 compared to a $4 million decrease in 2016.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                                 2018 change       2017                        2017 change                     2016
sempra energy consolidated   $(12,557      )              $7,857         167   %           $(4,700     )           $(135     )       (3   )%           $(4,835     )
sdg&amp;e                    (1,542        )       27                      2               (1,515      )       191                   14                (1,324      )
socalgas                     (1,531        )       168                    12               (1,363      )       94                     7                (1,269      )
sempra energy consolidated cash used in investing activities at sempra energy increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $10.1 billion increase in expenditures for investments and acquisitions, the details of which are included in the "expenditures for investments and acquisitions" table below; offset by
▪   $1.6 billion net proceeds received from the sale of certain of our non-utility u.s. renewables assets, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $429 million lower advances to unconsolidated affiliates; and
▪   $165 million decrease in capital expenditures, the details of which are included in the "expenditures for pp&amp;e" table below.
cash used in investing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion decrease in expenditures for investments and acquisitions; and
▪   $265 million decrease in capital expenditures; offset by
▪   $506 million higher advances to unconsolidated affiliates, mainly to the img jv to finance construction of a natural gas marine pipeline;
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its 25-percent interest in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $318 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of energysouth in 2016; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years.
sdg&e cash used in investing activities at sdg&e in 2018 was comparable to 2017.
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $156 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years; offset by
▪   $31 million decrease in advances to sempra energy in 2017 compared to a $31 million increase in 2016.
socalgas cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2018 primarily due to a $171 million increase in capital expenditures.
cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $50 million net decrease in advances to sempra energy in 2016; and
▪   $48 million increase in capital expenditures.
capital expenditures and investments sempra energy consolidated expenditures for pp&e the following table summarizes capital expenditures for the last three years.
expenditures for pp&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                                                                               2017                  2016
sdg&amp;e:
improvements to electric and natural gas distribution systems, including certain pipeline safety and generation systems                                                                                $1,020                  $966                  $727
improvements to electric transmission systems                                                            496                   527                   513
psep                                                                                                      16                    48                   121
electric generation plants and equipment                                                                  10                    14                    38
socalgas:
improvements to natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems, and for certain pipeline safety                                                                                        1,359                 1,145                   932
psep                                                                                                     168                   194                   292
advanced metering infrastructure                                                                          11                    28                    95
sempra south american utilities:
improvements to electric transmission and distribution systems and generation projects in peru                                                                                         157                   151                   134
improvements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in chile                            83                    93                    60
sempra mexico:
construction of renewables projects                                                                      172                     6                     -
construction of natural gas pipeline projects and other capital expenditures                             113                   242                   330
construction of liquid fuels terminal                                                                     83                     -                     -
sempra renewables:
construction of solar projects                                                                            45                   364                   637
construction of wind projects                                                                              6                   133                   198
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
lng liquefaction development costs and cameron interstate pipeline expansion                              28                    18                    98
other                                                                                                      3                     2                    19
parent and other                                                                                          14                    18                    20
total                                                                                                 $3,784                $3,949                $4,214
97
sempra energy consolidated investments and acquisitions the table below presents our investments in various jvs and other businesses.
expenditures for investments and acquisitions(1)
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,
2018                                                                               2017                        2016
sempra texas utility:
oncor holdings - acquisition                  $9,227                 $-                          $-
oncor holdings - capital contributions           230                 -                           -
sempra south american utilities:
ctng - acquisition                               208                 -                           -
eletrans                                           -                           1                 -
sempra mexico:
den                                                -                         147                 -
ienova pipelines                                   -                 -                           1,078
img                                               80                          72                         100
ventika                                            -                 -                                   242
manzanillo                                        16                 -                           -
other                                                                -                           -
sempra renewables:
expenditures for wind projects                                       -                                    21
other                                              -                 -                                    15
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
cameron lng jv(2)                                275                          48                          47
parent and other                                 331                           2                           1
total                                        $10,376                 $270                        $1,504
(1)   net of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash acquired.
(2)   includes capitalized interest of $47 million in each of 2018, 2017 and 2016 on sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment, as the jv has not commenced planned principal operations.
98
future construction expenditures and investments the amounts and timing of capital expenditures and certain investments are generally subject to approvals by various regulatory and other governmental and environmental bodies, including the cpuc and the ferc. in 2019, we expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $6.1 billion, as summarized in the following table.
future construction expenditures and investments
(dollars in millions)
year ended december 31, 2019
sdg&amp;e:
improvements to electric and natural gas distribution systems, including certain pipeline safety and generation systems                                                                                                  $1,250
improvements to electric transmission systems                                                                              350
socalgas:
improvements to natural gas distribution, transmission and storage systems, and for certain pipeline safety                                                                                                          1,250
psep                                                                                                                       250
sempra texas utility:
oncor holdings - capital contributions                                                                                   1,570
acquisition of 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp.                                                              110
sempra south american utilities:
improvements to electric transmission and distribution systems and generation projects in peru                                                                                                           140
improvements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in chile                                             170
sempra mexico:
construction of liquid fuels terminals                                                                                     410
construction of natural gas pipeline projects and other capital expenditures                                               180
construction of renewables projects                                                                                        160
sempra lng &amp; midstream:
lng liquefaction development costs                                                                                         250
total                                                                                                                   $6,090
we discuss significant capital projects, planned and in progress, at each of our segments in "factors influencing future performance" below.
over the next five years, 2019 through 2023, and subject to the factors described below which could cause these estimates to vary substantially, sempra energy expects to make aggregate capital expenditures and investments of approximately $13.3 billion at the california utilities and $4.9 billion at its other subsidiaries.
capital expenditure amounts include capitalized interest. at the california utilities, the amounts also include the portion of afudc related to debt, but exclude the portion of afudc related to equity. at sempra mexico the amounts also exclude afudc related to equity. we provide further details about afudc in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
periodically, we review our construction, investment and financing programs and revise them in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, the cost and availability of capital, and safety and environmental requirements. we discuss these considerations in more detail in notes 4, 15 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our level of capital expenditures and investments in the next few years may vary substantially and will depend on the cost and availability of financing, regulatory approvals, changes in u.s. federal tax law and business opportunities providing desirable rates of return. we intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
99
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities
(dollars in millions)
2018                                                     2018 change       2017                        2017 change           2016
sempra energy consolidated      $9,006                  $7,999                    $1,007               $(1,495     )                $2,502
sdg&amp;e                          (34   )                 (11     )                 (23   )           (1          )                   (22   )
socalgas                           528           475                       53                          (499        )         552
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $4.7 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, primarily to fund the acquisition of our investment in oncor holdings in march 2018, as we discuss in notes 5 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, including;
◦   $3.8 billion for long-term debt ($6.7 billion in 2018 compared to $2.9 billion in 2017), and
◦   $901 million for commercial paper and other short-term debt ($2.5 billion in 2018 compared to $1.6 billion in 2017);
▪   $2.3 billion proceeds, net of offering costs, from issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock in 2018; and
▪   $2.3 billion proceeds, net of offering costs, from issuances of common stock in 2018; offset by
▪   $710 million higher payments of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $792 million higher payments for long-term debt ($1.7 billion in 2018 compared to $906 million in 2017), offset by
◦   $82 million lower payments for commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.8 billion in 2018 compared to $1.9 billion in 2017); and
▪   $211 million higher dividends paid in 2018, including $122 million for common stock and $89 million for mandatory convertible preferred stock.
cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion proceeds received in 2016 from the ienova follow-on common stock offerings, net of offering costs and sempra energy's participation;
▪   $743 million higher payments on debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $828 million higher payments of commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.9 billion in 2017 compared to $1.07 billion in 2016), offset by
◦   $85 million lower payments on long-term debt ($906 million in 2017 compared to $991 million in 2016);
▪   $36 million net decrease in short-term debt in 2017 compared to a $692 million net increase in 2016;
▪   $196 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables in 2017 compared to $474 million in 2016;
▪   $69 million increase in common stock dividends paid in 2017; and
▪   $67 million increase in net distributions to nci; offset by
▪   $1.6 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
◦   $1.4 billion for long-term debt ($2.9 billion in 2017 compared to $1.5 billion in 2016), and
◦   $172 million for commercial paper and other short-term debt ($1.6 billion in 2017 compared to $1.4 billion in 2016.)
sdg&e cash used in financing activities at sdg&e in 2018 increased primarily due to:
▪   $215 million lower increase in short-term debt in 2018; and
▪   $10 million cash used in 2018 associated with otay mesa vie, including:
◦   $295 million early repayment of omec's project financing loan by omec llc, offset by
◦   $220 million issuance of long-term debt by omec llc, and
◦   $65 million capital contribution from omec llc to partially repay the $295 million project financing loan; offset by
▪   $200 million decrease in common dividends paid in 2018.
cash used in financing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $275 million increase in common stock dividends paid in 2017; and
▪   $100 million lower issuances of long-term debt in 2017; offset by
▪   $253 million net increase in short-term debt in 2017 compared to a $114 million net decrease in 2016.
socalgas net cash provided by financing activities at socalgas increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $949 million issuances of long-term debt in 2018; offset by
▪   $500 million payments on long-term debt in 2018.
cash provided by financing activities at socalgas decreased in 2017 primarily due to a $499 million issuance of long-term debt in 2016.
long-term debt long-term debt(1)
(dollars in millions)
weighted-average at december 31, 2018
december 31,                maturity   interest
2018                                         2017                2016                            (in years)   rate sempra energy consolidated     $23,284             $17,872             $15,342             12.0   4.02                    %
sdg&amp;e                        6,219               5,555               4,849             16.0   4.32
socalgas                         3,430               2,986               2,982             18.1   3.89
(1)   includes current portion of long-term debt.
issuances of long-term debt major issuances of long-term debt in the last three years included the following:
issuances of long-term debt
(dollars in millions)
amount at issuance           maturity
2018:
sempra energy variable rate notes                    $500                        2019
sempra energy 2.4% notes                              500                        2020
sempra energy variable rate notes                     700                        2021
sempra energy 2.9% notes                              500                        2023
sempra energy 3.4% notes                            1,000                        2028
sempra energy 3.8% notes                            1,000                        2038
sempra energy 4% notes                                800                        2048
sdg&amp;e - omec llc variable-rate loan               220                        2024
sdg&amp;e 4.15% first mortgage bonds                  400                        2048
socalgas 4.125% first mortgage bonds                  400                        2048
socalgas 4.3% first mortgage bonds                    550                        2049
luz del sur 7% corporate bonds                         50                        2028
luz del sur 4.3%-5.7% bank loans                      107                   2020-2021
2017:
sempra energy variable rate notes                     850                        2021
sempra energy 3.25% notes                             750                        2027
sdg&amp;e 3.75% first mortgage bonds                  400                        2047
luz del sur 6.375% corporate bonds                     50                        2023
luz del sur 5.9375% corporate bonds                    50                        2027
sempra mexico 4.875% notes                            540                        2048
sempra mexico 3.75% notes                             300                        2028
2016:
sempra energy 1.625% notes                            500                        2019
sdg&amp;e 2.50% first mortgage bonds                  500                        2026
socalgas 2.60% first mortgage bonds                   500                        2026
luz del sur 6.50% corporate bonds                      50                        2025
in 2018, sempra energy used a substantial portion of the net proceeds from long-term debt issuances to finance a portion of the merger consideration. the remaining proceeds were used primarily to repay outstanding commercial paper and short-term debt and for general corporate purposes. we discuss issuances of long-term debt further in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the california utilities used the proceeds from their issuances of long-term debt to repay commercial paper and for general working capital purposes.
102
payments on long-term debt major payments of principal on long-term debt in the last three years included the following:
payments on long-term debt
(dollars in millions)
payments           maturity
2018:
sempra energy 6.15% notes                                            $500                      2018
sdg&amp;e - omec llc variable-rate loan                               295                      2019
sdg&amp;e 1.65% first mortgage bonds                                  161                      2018
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                       36                      2022
socalgas 5.45% first mortgage bonds                                   250                      2018
socalgas 1.55% first mortgage bonds                                   250                      2018
luz del sur 5.18%-6.41% bank loans                                     52                      2018
sempra mexico variable-rate notes                                      69                      2018
sempra mexico amortizing variable-rate notes                           42                      2026
sempra mexico amortizing fixed and variable-rate bank loans            21                 2024-2032
2017:
sempra energy 2.3% notes                                              600                      2017
sdg&amp;e variable-rate first mortgage bonds                          140                      2017
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                       36                      2022
luz del sur 5.81%-5.97% corporate bonds                                43                      2017
sempra mexico amortizing fixed and variable-rate bank loans            52                 2024-2032
2016:
sempra energy 6.5% notes                                              750                      2016
sdg&amp;e 5% industrial development revenue bonds                     105                      2027
sdg&amp;e 1.914% amortizing first mortgage bonds                       35                      2022
luz del sur 5.05%-6% bank loans                                        62                      2016
in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide information about our lines of credit and additional information about debt activity.
capital stock transactions sempra energy cash provided by issuances of common and preferred stock was:
▪   $4.5 billion in 2018
▪   $47 million in 2017
▪   $51 million in 2016
we discuss the 2018 issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock and common stock in notes  and , respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
dividends sempra energy sempra energy paid cash dividends on common stock of:
▪   $877 million in 2018
▪   $755 million in 2017
▪   $686 million in 2016
on december 18, 2018, sempra energy declared a quarterly dividend of $0.895 per share of common stock that was paid on january 15, 2019.
dividends declared have increased in each of the last three years due to an increase in the per-share quarterly dividends approved by our board of directors from $0.755 in 2016 ($3.02 annually) to $0.8225 in 2017 ($3.29 annually) to $0.895 in 2018 ($3.58 annually).
on february 21, 2019, our board of directors approved an increase in sempra energy's quarterly common stock dividend to $0.9675 per share ($3.87 annually), the first of which is payable april 15, 2019. declarations of dividends on our common stock are made at the discretion of the board of directors. while we view dividends as an integral component of shareholder return, the amount of future dividends will depend on earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements, and other relevant factors at that time.
in connection with the 2018 issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock, we declared $125 million and paid $89 million of preferred stock dividends in 2018. in addition, on february 21, 2019, our board of directors declared quarterly dividends of $1.50 per share on our series a preferred stock and $1.6875 per share on our series b preferred stock, both payable on april 15, 2019. we discuss dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e in 2018, 2017 and 2016, sdg&e paid dividends to enova and enova paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $250 million, $450 million and $175 million, respectively. sdg&e's dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations, and could be impacted over the next few years in order for sdg&e to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
enova, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of sdg&e's outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by sdg&e to enova and dividends paid by enova to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
socalgas socalgas declared and paid common stock dividends to pe and pe paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $50 million in 2018. as a result of socalgas' capital investment program of over $1 billion per year, socalgas did not declare or pay common stock dividends in 2017 or 2016. socalgas' common stock dividends in the next few years will be impacted by its ability to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
pe, a wholly owned subsidiary of sempra energy, owns all of socalgas' outstanding common stock. accordingly, dividends paid by socalgas to pe and dividends paid by pe to sempra energy are both eliminated in sempra energy's consolidated financial statements.
dividend restrictions the board of directors for each of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas has the discretion to determine the payment and amount of future dividends by each such entity. the cpuc's regulation of sdg&e's and socalgas' capital structures limits the amounts that are available for loans and dividends to sempra energy. at december 31, 2018, based on these regulations, sempra energy could have received loans and dividends of approximately $552 million from sdg&e and $618 million from socalgas.
we provide additional information about dividend restrictions in "restricted net assets" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
book value per common share sempra energy's book value per common share on the last day of each year was;
▪   $54.35 in 2018
▪   $50.40 in 2017
▪   $51.77 in 2016
the increase in 2018 was primarily the result of increases in equity from issuances of common stock, including share-based compensation, partially offset by dividends exceeding comprehensive income. in 2017, the decrease was attributable to dividends in excess of comprehensive income, partially offset by an increase in equity from share-based compensation.
capitalization our debt to capitalization ratio, calculated as total debt as a percentage of total debt and equity, was as follows:
total capitalization and debt-to-capitalization ratios
(dollars in millions)
sempra energy consolidated(1)                sdg&amp;e(1)                socalgas december 31, 2018
total capitalization           $44,611                        $12,625                     $7,944
debt-to-capitalization ratio   57              %       52                   %      46                   %
december 31, 2017
total capitalization           $34,552                        $11,434                     $7,009
debt-to-capitalization ratio   56              %       51                   %      44                   %
(1)   includes otay mesa vie with no significant impact.
significant changes in 2018 that affected capitalization included the following:
▪   sempra energy consolidated: increase in both long-term and short-term debt, issuances of preferred and common stock, offset by a decrease in nci primarily from the sale of our solar tax equity investments.
▪   sdg&amp;e: increase in long-term debt, partially offset by comprehensive income exceeding dividends.
▪   socalgas: increase in both long-term and short-term debt, partially offset by comprehensive income exceeding dividends.
we provide additional information about these significant changes in notes 1, 5, 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commitments the following tables summarize principal contractual commitments at december 31, 2018 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas. we provide additional information about commitments above and in notes 7, 9,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
principal contractual commitments - sempra energy consolidated
(dollars in millions)
2019                                                                      2020 and 2021              2022 and 2023              thereafter                   total long-term debt                                  $1,654                    $3,744                     $2,503                  $14,166                 $22,067
interest on long-term debt(1)                      846                     1,536                      1,357                    7,833                  11,572
operating leases                                    91                       135                        121                      303                     650
capital leases(2)                                   21                        39                         52                    1,185                   1,297
purchased-power contracts                          654                     1,260                      1,141                    5,185                   8,240
natural gas contracts                              263                       329                        148                      280                   1,020
lng contract(3)                                    289                       740                        758                    2,475                   4,262
construction commitments                           396                       129                         46                      115                     686
build-to-suit lease                                 10                        22                         22                      217                     271
songs decommissioning                               90                       125                        145                      266                     626
other asset retirement obligations                  96                       151                        158                    1,956                   2,361
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                         6                          6                      105                     120
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(4)                                     238                       564                        561                      923                   2,286
environmental commitments(5)                        14                        22                          2                       22                      60
other                                               75                        50                         26                      107                     258
total                                           $4,740                    $8,852                     $7,046                  $35,138                 $55,776
(1)   we calculate expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations, including floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps and cross-currency swaps. we calculate expected interest payments for variable-rate obligations based on forward rates in effect at december 31, 2018.
(2)   present value of net minimum lease payments includes $16 million at sdg&amp;e that will be recorded as finance leases when construction of the battery storage facilities is completed and delivery of contracted power commences.
(3)   sempra lng &amp; midstream has a sale and purchase agreement for the supply of lng to the eca terminal. the commitment amount is calculated using a predetermined formula based on estimated forward prices of the index applicable from 2019 to 2029.
(4)   amounts represent expected company contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
(5)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
105
principal contractual commitments - sdg&amp;e
(dollars in millions)
2019                                                                    2020 and 2021             2022 and 2023             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                     $64                    $496                      $562                  $3,874                 $4,996
interest on long-term debt(1)                      213                     416                       382                   2,579                  3,590
operating leases                                    25                      48                        42                      55                    170
capital leases(2)                                   17                      38                        52                   1,181                  1,288
purchased-power contracts                          527                   1,020                       947                   5,026                  7,520
construction commitments                            43                      84                        13                       4                    144
songs decommissioning                               90                     125                       145                     266                    626
other asset retirement obligations                   6                                                                       221                    248
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                       6                         6                     105                    120
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                      40                      94                       120                     209                    463
environmental commitments                            5                       2                         2                      19                     28
other                                                4                       8                         6                      33                     51
total                                           $1,037                  $2,347                    $2,288                 $13,572                $19,244
(1)   sdg&amp;e calculates expected interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations, including floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps.
(2)   present value of net minimum lease payments includes $16 million that will be recorded as finance leases when construction of the battery storage facilities is completed and delivery of contracted power commences.
(3)   amounts represent expected sdg&amp;e contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
principal contractual commitments - socalgas
(dollars in millions)
2019                                                                2020 and 2021             2022 and 2023             thereafter                 total long-term debt                                  $-                      $-                        $-                  $3,459                 $3,459
interest on long-term debt(1)                  135                     269                       269                   1,956                  2,629
natural gas contracts                          126                     226                        61                      49                    462
operating leases                                36                      64                        58                      65                    223
capital leases                                   3                       -                         -                       -                      3
environmental commitments(2)                     9                      20                         -                       2                     31
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                 119                     368                       367                     596                  1,450
asset retirement obligations                    90                     141                       147                   1,685                  2,063
other                                            1                       3                         3                      35                     42
total                                         $519                  $1,091                      $905                  $7,847                $10,362
(1)   socalgas calculates interest payments using the stated interest rate for fixed-rate obligations.
(2)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
(3)   amounts represent expected socalgas contributions to the plans for the next 10 years.
the tables exclude:
▪   contracts between consolidated affiliates
▪   intercompany debt
▪   employment contracts the tables also exclude income tax liabilities at december 31, 2018 of:
▪   $87 million for sempra energy consolidated
▪   $11 million for sdg&amp;e
▪   $61 million for socalgas these liabilities relate to uncertain tax positions and were excluded from the tables because we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of future payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. we provide additional information about unrecognized income tax benefits in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
106
off-balance sheet arrangements the maximum aggregate amount of guarantees provided by sempra energy on behalf of related parties at december 31, 2018 is $4.2 billion. we discuss these guarantees in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have bilateral unsecured standby letter of credit capacity with select lenders that is uncommitted and supported by reimbursement agreements. at december 31, 2018, we had approximately $598 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under these agreements.
sdg&e has entered into ppas which are variable interests. our investments in oncor holdings and cameron lng jv are variable interests. sempra renewables has entered into tax equity arrangements which are variable interests. sempra energy's other businesses may also enter into arrangements which could include variable interests. we discuss variable interests in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
factors influencing future performance sempra energy capital rotation we regularly review our portfolio of assets with a view toward allocating capital to those businesses that we believe can further improve shareholder value. in june 2018, we announced, following a comprehensive strategic review of our businesses and asset portfolio by our board of directors and management over the past year, our intention to sell several energy infrastructure assets, including our entire portfolio of u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets, as well as certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, one wind generation facility, and its solar and battery storage development projects to a subsidiary of con ed for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement to sell its remaining u.s. wind assets to american electric power for $551 million, subject to customary closing adjustments. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019. also in february 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners for $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale). we continue to actively pursue the sale of our remaining u.s. wind assets. we discuss these sales further in notes  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "sempra renewables" and "sempra lng & midstream." on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses. we expect to complete the sales process by the end of 2019.
shareholder activism from time to time, activist shareholders may take certain actions to advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors or management. on june 11, 2018, elliott associates, l.p. and elliott international, l.p. (collectively, elliott) and bluescape resources company llc (bluescape) disclosed they were collectively holders of an approximately 4.9-percent economic interest in our outstanding common stock as of such date and delivered a letter and accompanying presentation to our board of directors seeking collaboration with them and management to nominate six new directors identified by elliott and bluescape and establish a committee of the board of directors to conduct portfolio and operational reviews of our business. in september 2018, we announced that we reached an agreement with elliott, bluescape and cove key management, lp that, among other things, added two new board members that were mutually agreed between the parties, and repurposed the board's lng construction and technology committee into the lng and business development committee, which will conduct a comprehensive business review of sempra energy. the new committee is comprised of the three previously existing committee members and the two new board members. we are committed to continued constructive communications with all our shareholders and are available to discuss and evaluate ideas from our shareholders on how to maximize long-term value.
sdg&e sdg&e's operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major capital projects at sdg&e that are pending regulatory resolution.
capital projects pending regulatory resolution - sdg&amp;e project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           estimated capital cost (in millions)                 status electric vehicle charging
§              january 2017 application, pursuant to sb 350, to perform various activities and make investments in support of six priority projects and residential ev charging. in january 2018, received approval for the six priority projects at $20 million. in may 2018, received conditional approval of a scaled down residential ev charging program utilizing capital of $30 million and o&amp;m of $151 million.                                    $20   §             sdg&amp;e will not implement the modified residential ev charging program given the inability to establish an acceptable shareholder incentive mechanism and other necessary terms.
§              january 2018 application, pursuant to sb 350, to make investments to support medium-duty and heavy-duty evs with an estimated implementation cost of $34 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $121   §             application seeking approval of settlement filed in november 2018. a draft decision is expected in the first half of 2019.
energy storage projects
§              february 2018 application, pursuant to ab 2868, to make investments to accelerate the widespread deployment of distributed energy storage systems. sdg&amp;e's application requests approval of 100 mw of utility-owned energy storage.                                                                                                                                                                                                        $161   §             a draft decision is expected in the first half of 2019.
the following capital projects that we discussed in our 2017 annual report on form 10-k and/or our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q have been approved by the cpuc:
▪   energy storage project (70 mw program); and
▪   utility billing and customer information systems software.
electric rate reform - california assembly bill 327
ab 327 became law on january 1, 2014 and restores the authority to establish electric residential rates for electric utility companies in california to the cpuc and removes the rate caps established in ab 1x adopted in early 2001 during california's energy crisis and in sb 695 adopted in 2009. additionally, the bill provides the cpuc the authority to adopt a monthly fixed charge for all residential customers. in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that established comprehensive reform and a framework for rates that we believe are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision directed changes beginning in 2015 and provides a path for continued reforms through 2020. the changes also included fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the difference between the tiered rates, similar to the tier differential that existed prior to the 2000-2001 energy crisis, and a transition to tou rates. the decision allows the utilities to seek a fixed charge for residential customers, but sets certain conditions for its implementation, which would be no sooner than 2020 depending on cpuc approval. in december 2018, the cpuc approved sdg&e's request to implement residential default tou rates beginning in 2019. overall, these reforms should result in a rate structure that better aligns rates with the actual cost to serve customers.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing nem program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327. the nem program was originally established in 1995 and is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail-rate for the energy they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds its own energy usage. in addition, if a nem customer generates any electricity over the annual measurement period that exceeds its annual consumption, the customer receives compensation at a rate equal to a wholesale energy price.
sdg&e implemented a successor nem tariff in july 2016, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the original nem program. the successor nem tariff requires nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. these changes to the nem program begin a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers, but sdg&e believes that further reforms are necessary. in a january 2016 decision, the cpuc committed to revisit the nem successor tariff and the adequacy of its nem reforms, and we expect that review will begin in the second half of 2019. as of december 31, 2018, the total nem capacity in sdg&e's service territory totaled 1,023 mw.
further nem reform is necessary to help ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover, from nem customers, the costs incurred in providing grid and energy services, as well as mandated legislative and regulatory public policy programs. sdg&e believes this approach would be preferable to recovering these costs from customers not participating in nem. if nem self-generating installations continue to increase at their present pace, the rate structure adopted by the cpuc could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors."
potential impacts of community choice aggregation and direct access sdg&e provides electric services, including the commodity of electricity, to the majority of its customers ("bundled customers"). sdg&e enters into long-term contracts to procure electricity on behalf of these bundled customers. sdg&e's earnings are "decoupled" from electric sales volumes. one aspect of decoupling is that commodity costs for electricity are directly passed through to bundled customers (see discussion in "revenues from sources other than contracts with customers - utilities regulatory revenues" in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). sdg&e's bundled customers have the option to purchase the commodity of electricity from alternate suppliers under defined programs, including cca and da. in such cases, california law (sb 350) prohibits remaining bundled customers from experiencing any cost increase as a result of departing customers' choice to receive electric commodity from an alternate supplier. under the existing cost allocation mechanism approved by the cpuc, customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb a portion of above-market cost of electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. in october 2018, the cpuc issued a final decision that revises the current pcia framework by adopting several refinements to better ensure ratepayer indifference, as required by law, and directs sdg&e to implement updated pcia rates effective january 1, 2019 using the adopted methodology. the final decision revises the benchmarks used to calculate the pcia and directs the future implementation of an annual true-up mechanism to ensure that ratepayer indifference is maintained. the decision also removes existing restrictions on recovering certain costs through the pcia, including the ability to recover the above-market costs of resources that have been in the utility's portfolio for more than 10 years and certain legacy utility-owned generation resources. we believe these pcia changes should help ensure that cost allocations result in ratepayer indifference and comply with the law. however, further refinements to the pcia may be required to help ensure that the remaining bundled customers do not experience any cost increase as a result of customers departing to cca or da service.
renewable energy procurement sdg&e is subject to the rps program administered by both the cpuc and the cec. in september 2018, sb 100 was signed into law and requires each california utility to procure 50 percent of its annual electric energy requirements from renewable energy sources by 2026, and 60 percent by 2030. sb 100 also creates the policy of meeting all the state of california's retail electricity supply with a mix of rps-eligible and zero-carbon resources by 2045, for a total of 100 percent clean energy. the law also includes stipulations that this policy not increase carbon emissions elsewhere in the western grid and not allow resource shuffling, and requires that the cpuc, cec, carb and other state agencies incorporate this policy into all relevant planning.
the rps program currently contains flexible compliance mechanisms that can be used to comply with or meet the rps program mandates. sdg&e believes it will be able to comply with the rps program requirements, as revised, based on its contracting activity and, if necessary, application of the flexible compliance mechanisms. sdg&e's failure to comply with the rps program requirements could subject it to cpuc-imposed penalties, which could materially adversely affect its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
socalgas socalgas' operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace. socalgas' performance will also depend on the resolution of the legal, regulatory and other matters concerning the leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, which we discuss below, in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors."
the following capital project that we discussed in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q has been approved by the cpuc:
▪   san joaquin valley oir aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility located in los angeles county. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak. in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for discussions of the following matters related to the leak:
▪   local community mitigation efforts;
▪   civil and criminal litigation;
▪   regulatory proceedings; and
▪   governmental investigations and orders and additional regulation.
cost estimates, accounting impacts and insurance at december 31, 2018, socalgas estimates its costs related to the leak are $1,055 million (the cost estimate), which includes $1,027 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. approximately 54 percent of the cost estimate is for the temporary relocation program (including cleaning costs and certain labor costs). the remaining portion of the cost estimate includes costs incurred to defend litigation, for the root cause analysis being conducted by an independent third party, for efforts to control the well, to mitigate the actual natural gas released, the cost of replacing the lost gas, and other costs, as well as the estimated costs to settle certain actions.
as of december 31, 2018, we recorded the expected recovery of the cost estimate related to the leak of $461 million as insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs on socalgas' and sempra energy's consolidated balance sheets. this amount is net of insurance retentions and $566 million of insurance proceeds we received through december 31, 2018 related to portions of the cost estimate described above, including temporary relocation and associated processing costs, control-of-well expenses, legal costs and lost gas. if we were to conclude that this receivable or a portion of it is no longer probable of recovery from insurers, some or all of this receivable would be charged against earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as described in "civil and criminal litigation" in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the actions seek compensatory, statutory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which, except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the cost estimate as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs that may be imposed. the recorded amounts above also do not include the costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directives by the dph, future legal costs necessary to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, the cost estimate does not include certain other costs incurred by sempra energy associated with defending against shareholder derivative lawsuits.
excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have at least four kinds of insurance policies that together we estimate provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. we cannot predict all of the potential categories of costs or the total amount of costs that we may incur as a result of the leak. subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions, based on what we know as of the filing date of this report, we believe that our insurance policies collectively should cover the following categories of costs: costs incurred for temporary relocation and associated processing costs (including cleaning costs and certain labor costs), costs to address the leak and stop or reduce emissions, the root cause analysis being conducted to investigate the cause of the leak, the value of lost gas, costs incurred to mitigate the actual natural gas released, costs associated with litigation and claims by nearby residents and businesses, any costs to clean additional homes pursuant to directives by the dph, and, in some circumstances depending on their nature and manner of assessment, fines and penalties. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for these costs, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as noted above, at december 31, 2018, socalgas' estimate of costs related to the leak of $1,055 million include $1,027 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. costs not included in the $1,055 million cost estimate could be material. if any costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility beginning in october 2015 and, in july 2017, resumed limited injections. the cpuc has issued a series of directives to socalgas establishing the range of working gas to be maintained in the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility to help ensure safety and reliability for the region and just and reasonable rates in california, the most recent of which, issued july 2, 2018, directed socalgas to maintain up to 34 bcf of working gas. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were made in 2018 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation in the region could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2018, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility had a net book value of $724 million. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
california utilities - joint matters capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major joint capital projects of the california utilities that are pending regulatory resolution.
joint capital projects pending regulatory resolution - california utilities project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  estimated capital cost(in millions)                     status line 1600 test or replacement project
§                      in september 2018, sdg&amp;e and socalgas submitted a plan to the cpuc to address line 1600 psep requirements by replacing 37 miles of line 1600 predominately in populated areas and testing 13 miles of line 1600 in rural areas.                                                           $671                                  §                 in january 2019, the cpuc approved the proposed plan to address line 1600 psep requirements. cost recovery will be addressed in future grcs.
§                      estimated o&amp;m implementation cost of $45 million and cost to retire portions of line 1600 of $14 million at sdg&amp;e.
mobile home park utility upgrade program
§                      may 2017 application filed with the cpuc to convert an additional 20 percent of eligible units to direct utility service, for a total of 30 percent of mobile homes.                                                                                                                                                                §                 in november 2018, the cpuc dismissed the may 2017 application, without prejudice, because the issues are subsumed in a separate oir.
§                      in april 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to evaluate the mobile home park program to convert eligible units to direct utility service and determine if it should be extended beyond the initial three-year pilot to a permanent program, and if extended, to adopt programmatic modifications.   $471 to $508                          §                 a final decision in the oir is expected by the end of 2019.
§                      in february 2019, the cpuc issued a draft resolution to approve the extension of the pilot program through the earlier of 2020 or the issuance of a cpuc decision on pending proceedings.                                                                                                                                           §                 a final resolution is expected in the first half of 2019.
the leak abatement compliance program that we discussed in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q has been approved by the cpuc. the need for the pipeline safety & reliability project discussed in our 2017 annual report on form 10-k and in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q is met by the line 1600 test or replacement project described above.
natural gas pipeline operations safety assessments in 2011, the california utilities filed plans with the cpuc to implement the cpuc's directives to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines that do not have sufficient documentation of a pressure test and to address retrofitting pipelines to allow for in-line inspection tools and, where appropriate, automated or remote controlled shut-off valves (referred to as psep). in 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' analytical approach to implementing psep, as embodied in an approved decision tree, but did not pre-approve recovery of the costs of implementing psep, because initial cost estimates were too preliminary to form the basis for ratemaking. instead, the cpuc established a process to review the reasonableness of incurred psep costs after-the-fact to determine the amounts that may be recovered from ratepayers. as portions of psep have been completed, actual costs have generally been higher than the preliminary estimates, partially offset by changes in scope that have reduced costs. implementation costs incurred through 2018 are summarized in the table below. over time, as we have completed an increasing number of projects, socalgas and sdg&e achieve greater cost estimate accuracy, as well as efficiencies in executing the project work. cost estimates for work performed in 2017, 2018 and forward reflect the development of more detailed estimates, actual cost experience as portions of the work are completed and additional refinement in scope. in addition, implementation of new regulatory requirements or clarification of existing regulatory requirements in the future could materially impact the cost forecasts.
in 2016, the cpuc issued a final decision authorizing socalgas and sdg&e to recover in rates 50 percent of the balances recorded in psep regulatory accounts as of january 1 each year, subject to refund, pending reasonableness review. the decision also incorporated a forward-looking schedule to file reasonableness review applications in 2016 and 2018, file a forecast application for pre-approval of project costs incurred in 2017 and 2018, and to include psep costs not the subject of prior applications in future grcs. we expect this transition from an after-the-fact reasonableness review framework to pre-approval of psep implementation costs based on cost forecasts to improve the certainty of recovery for psep implementation costs.
in september 2016, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of psep project costs completed through june 2015. the total costs submitted for review are approximately $195 million ($180 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e), including certain costs for which we were not seeking recovery. the cpuc approved a final decision in february 2019 for cost recovery of approximately $187 million ($172 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e) through the psep program.
in march 2017, socalgas and sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting pre-approval of the forecasted revenue requirement associated with twelve psep projects, effective in rates on january 1, 2019. the california utilities expect to incur total costs for the twelve projects of approximately $255 million ($198 million in capital expenditures and $57 million in o&m). we expect a cpuc decision in 2019.
in november 2018, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of completed psep projects totaling $941 million ($811 million at socalgas and $130 million at sdg&e), including certain costs for which we are not seeking recovery. we expect a cpuc decision in 2020.
as shown in the table below, socalgas and sdg&e have made significant pipeline safety investments under the psep program, and socalgas expects to continue making significant investments as approved through various regulatory proceedings. sdg&e's psep program was substantially completed in 2017, with the exception of line 1600, which we discuss in the table above. both utilities have filed joint applications or plan to file future applications with the cpuc for review of the psep project costs as follows:
pipeline safety enhancement plan - reasonableness review summary
(dollars in millions)
2011 through 2018
total invested(1)                cpuc review completed(2)               cpuc review pending(3)               2019 and future applications(4)(5)
sempra energy consolidated:
capital                              $1,680                                   $8                                $1,031                                         $641
operation and maintenance               196                                   25                                   150                                           21
total                                $1,876                                  $33                                $1,181                                         $662
socalgas:
capital                              $1,317                                   $8                                  $895                                         $414
operation and maintenance               187                                   25                                   141                                           21
total                                $1,504                                  $33                                $1,036                                         $435
sdg&amp;e:
capital                                $363                                   $-                                  $136                                         $227
operation and maintenance                 9                                    -                                     9                                            -
total                                  $372                                   $-                                  $145                                         $227
(1)   excludes disallowed costs through december 31, 2018 of $7 million at socalgas and $5 million at sdg&amp;e for pressure testing or replacing pipelines installed between january 1, 1956 and july 1, 1961. also excludes $40 million incurred for line 1600 test or replacement project.
(2)   approved in december 2016; excludes $2 million of psep-specific insurance costs for which socalgas and sdg&amp;e are authorized to request recovery in a future filing.
(3)   includes (a) $195 million for completed projects pursuant to the 2016 reasonableness review application filed in september 2016, with a final decision approved in february 2019 for cost recovery; (proposed decision received in december 2018); (b) approximately $45 million of pre-engineering costs to support projects under development, submitted in the forecast application filed in march 2017, with a decision expected in 2019; and (c) $941 million for completed projects pursuant to the 2018 reasonableness review application filed in november 2018, with a decision expected in 2020.
(4)   remaining costs not the subject of prior applications are to be included in subsequent grcs.
(5)   authorized to recover 50 percent of the phase 1 revenue requirement annually, subject to refund.
if either socalgas or sdg&e were unable to recover a significant amount of these safety investments from ratepayers, it could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of socalgas, sdg&e and sempra energy.
cpuc general rate case we describe the cpuc grc proceeding in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities - general rate case proceedings." on october 6, 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their 2019 grc applications requesting cpuc approval of test year revenue requirements for 2019 and attrition year adjustments for 2020 through 2022. we discuss the 2019 grc in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the results of the rate case may materially and adversely differ from what is contained in the grc applications.
incentive mechanisms we describe cpuc incentive mechanisms in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities - incentive mechanisms." incentive awards are included in revenues when we receive final cpuc approval of the award, the timing of which may not be consistent from year to year. we would record penalties for results below the specified benchmarks against revenues when we believe it is probable that the cpuc would assess a penalty.
energy efficiency the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms that are based on the effectiveness of energy efficiency programs.
energy efficiency awards recorded in revenues
(dollars in millions)
sdg&amp;e                                                   socalgas award period (program years)   2018                2017(1)        2016                2018                   2017(1)                 2016
july 2016 - june 2017          $-                  $-                  $-                  $-                $-                    $-
july 2015 - june 2016          -              3                        -                   -              1                         -
july 2014 - june 2015          -                   -              4                        -                 -                      4
(1)   revenues in 2017 reflect settlement reductions as approved by the cpuc, as discussed below.
113
in march 2017, the cpuc approved the settlement agreements reached with the cal pa and turn regarding the incentive awards for program years 2006 through 2008, wherein the parties agreed that sdg&e and socalgas would offset up to a total of approximately $4 million each against future incentive awards over a three-year period beginning in 2017. if the total incentive awards ultimately authorized for 2017 through 2019 are less than approximately $4 million for either utility, the applicable utility is released from paying any remaining unapplied amount.
natural gas procurement the california utilities procure natural gas on behalf of their core natural gas customers. the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms to allow the california utilities the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for their core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. socalgas procures natural gas for sdg&e's core natural gas customers' requirements. socalgas' gcim is applied on the combined portfolio basis.
gcim awards recorded in revenues
(dollars in millions)
socalgas award period (program years)       2018        2017            2016
april 2016 - march 2017            $               $-              $-
april 2015 - march 2016            -                               -
april 2014 - march 2015            -               -               -
in february 2019, the cpuc issued a draft decision approving socalgas' gcim award of $11 million for natural gas procured for its core customers during the 12-month period ended march 31, 2018.
operational incentives the cpuc may establish operational incentives and associated performance benchmarks as part of a grc or cost of service proceeding. in the 2016 grc fd, the cpuc did not establish any operational incentives for socalgas, but established an electric reliability incentive for sdg&e. outcomes could vary from a maximum annual penalty of $8 million to a maximum annual award of $8 million.
senate bill 901
on september 21, 2018, the governor of california signed into law sb 901, which includes a number of measures primarily intended to address certain wildfire risks relevant to consumers and utilities and guidelines for the cpuc to determine whether utilities acted reasonably in order to recover costs related to wildfires. among other things, sb 901 also contains provisions for utility issuance of recovery bonds with respect to certain wildfire costs, subject to cpuc approval, wildfire mitigation plans, and creation of a commission to explore establishment of a fund and options for cost socialization with respect to catastrophic wildfires associated with utility infrastructure. the provisions of sb 901 are applicable to 2017 wildfire costs incurred by utilities, if any, and wildfire events occurring on or after january 1, 2019. they do not apply to the wildfires in sdg&e's service territory in 2007.
the cpuc initiated an oir in october 2018 to implement the provisions of sb 901 related to electric utility wildfire mitigation plans. the oir will provide guidance on the form and content of the initial wildfire mitigation plans, provide a venue for review of the initial plans, and develop and refine the content of and process for review and implementation of wildfire mitigation plans to be filed in future years. the electric utilities filed their proposed wildfire mitigation plans in february 2019, and we expect the cpuc will make a decision on the final plans in mid-2019. the scope of the oir is limited to only the wildfire mitigation plans required by sb 901 and does not include cost recovery. pursuant to sb 901, the cpuc shall authorize each utility to establish a memorandum account to track the costs incurred to implement the plan. the costs recorded to the memorandum account shall be incremental to the utility's authorized recovery and reviewed as part of the utility's next grc proceeding.
sb 901 did not change the doctrine of inverse condemnation, which imposes strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire (meaning that the utility may be found liable regardless of fault). in their 2018 ratings actions for sdg&e, which we discuss in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit ratings," each of moody's, fitch ratings and s&p indicated that the sdg&e rating downgrades reflected the failure of sb 901 to address the longer-term risks associated with inverse condemnation. without further changes to the law or other reform, we believe that sdg&e is exposed to the potential of material liabilities if a major wildfire were to occur in its service territory and it was determined that its equipment was a cause of the fire.
separately, sb 901, together with draft guidance from the cpuc, also provides that electric and gas corporations, such as
114
sdg&e and socalgas, shall no longer recover compensation (including salary, bonus, benefits or other consideration paid) of certain senior officers from ratepayers; rather, such compensation shall be a shareholder expense. in december 2018, the cpuc published a resolution ordering memorandum accounts to be established to track such compensation costs.
sempra texas utility acquisition of oncor holdings on march 9, 2018, we completed the acquisition of an indirect, 100-percent interest in oncor holdings, which owns an 80.25-percent interest in oncor, and other efh assets and liabilities unrelated to oncor. as we discuss in "item 1. business," due to ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments in effect following the merger, we are prevented from having the power to direct the significant activities of oncor holdings and oncor. as a result, we account for our 100-percent ownership interest in oncor holdings as an equity method investment, which is included in our newly formed reportable segment, sempra texas utility. certain other assets and liabilities unrelated to oncor acquired in connection with the merger were subsumed within our parent organization. we discuss this merger and the related financing in notes 5, 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "capital resources and liquidity."
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all and the merger may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of sempra energy.
pending acquisitions on october 18, 2018, oncor entered into the infrareit merger agreement, whereby oncor has agreed to acquire a 100 percent interest in infrareit and infrareit partners for approximately $1,275 million, plus approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition. in addition, the transaction includes infrareit's outstanding debt, which as of september 30, 2018 was approximately $945 million. also on october 18, 2018, oncor entered into the asset exchange agreement, whereby sdts has agreed to accept and assume certain electricity transmission and distribution-related assets and liabilities of su in exchange for certain sdts assets. immediately prior to completing the exchange, sdts would become a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of infrareit partners.
on october 18, 2018, sempra energy entered into the securities purchase agreement, whereby sempra texas utilities holdings i, llc has agreed to acquire 50 percent of the economic interest in sharyland holdings, lp for approximately $98 million, subject to customary closing adjustments. in connection with and prior to the consummation of the securities purchase agreement, sharyland holdings, lp would own 100 percent of the membership interests in su and su would convert into a limited liability company, expected to be named sharyland utilities, llc. upon consummation of the securities purchase agreement, sempra texas utilities holdings i, llc would indirectly own and account for its 50 percent interest in sharyland utilities, llc as an equity method investment.
consummation of these transactions is subject to the satisfaction of various closing conditions, including the substantially concurrent consummation of these transactions. these transactions also require approval by the puct and the ferc, as well as the satisfaction of other regulatory requirements, approval of the committee on foreign investment in the united states and other customary closing conditions. the acquisition of infrareit was approved by infrareit stockholders on february 7, 2019. we expect that the transactions will close in mid-2019. there can be no assurance that oncor and sempra energy will derive the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions.
we discuss these transactions further in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
oncor intends to fund its acquisition of interests in infrareit from capital contributions from sempra energy and certain indirect equity holders of tti, proportionate to sempra energy's and tti's respective ownership interests in oncor. we plan to fund our approximately $1,025 million share of the contribution to oncor (excluding sempra energy's share of approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition) and purchase the 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp by utilizing a portion of the $1.6 billion of proceeds received from the december 2018 sale of certain sempra renewables assets to a subsidiary of con ed that we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra south american utilities on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses based on our strategic shift to be geographically focused on north america. we expect to complete the sales process by the end of 2019.
our utilities in south america have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity, and their future performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, foreign currency rate fluctuations and economic conditions. they are also expected to provide earnings from construction projects when completed and from other investments, but will require substantial funding for these investments.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding major projects in process at sempra south american utilities. chilquinta energía's eletrans' projects are being financed by the jv partners during construction, and other financing may be pursued upon project completion. luz del sur is financing its projects through its existing debt program.
capital projects under construction - sempra south american utilities project description                                                                                                                                      our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                    status chilquinta energía - new technical norm project
§                         implementation of new quality of service and operating standards for distribution business.                                                                               $353   §                estimated completion: 2025
§                         includes deployment of smart meters to approximately 700,000 customers, automation of operations and grid modernization.
§                         costs to be recovered through incremental regulated tariff authorized in september 2018.
chilquinta energía - eletrans ii s.a.
§                         two 220-kv transmission lines awarded in june 2013.                                                                                                                        $46   §                estimated completion: 2020
§                         transmission lines to extend approximately 78 miles in total.
§                         once in operation, will earn a return in u.s. dollars, indexed to the cpi, for 20 years and a regulated return thereafter.
§                         50-percent equity interest in jv.
chilquinta energía - eletrans iii s.a.
§                         220-kv transmission line awarded in june 2017.                                                                                                                             $50   §                estimated completion: 2022
§                         transmission line in the northern region of chile to extend approximately 133 miles.
§                         once in operation, will earn a return in u.s. dollars, indexed to the cpi, for 20 years and a regulated return thereafter.
§                         50-percent equity interest in jv.
luz del sur - lima substations and transmission lines (second investment)
§                         amended transmission investment plan includes development and operation of seven substations and related transmission lines.                                              $239   §                estimated completion: 2019 through 2020 as portions are completed
§                         once in operation, the capitalized cost of the projects will earn a regulated return for 30 years.
§                         completed one substation and related transmission lines in 2018.
acquisition of ctng on december 18, 2018, chilquinta energía acquired a 100-percent interest in ctng through a sales and purchase agreement with aes gener s.a. and its subsidiary sociedad eléctrica angamos s.a. ctng owns regulated transmission assets in the valparaiso, metropolitana and antofagasta regions of chile. the fully operating transmission assets include a 114-mile, 110-kv single-circuit transmission line, an 82-mile, 220-kv double-circuit transmission line, substations and other transmission assets. ctng's regulated revenues are based on tariffs that are set by the cne and are reviewed by the cne every four years. this business acquisition aligns with chilquinta energía's business model of owning and operating regulated transmission and distribution assets. we paid the purchase price of $208 million, net of cash acquired, with available cash on hand at sempra south american utilities. we discuss this acquisition further in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulated rates we describe the ratemaking process in chile and peru in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - sempra south american utilities." we describe rate setting resolutions made in 2018 in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
luz del sur - potential impact from tolling customers luz del sur is an electric distribution utility that provides electric services, including the supply of electricity, to regulated and non-regulated customers. non-regulated customers consist of free and tolling customers. luz del sur supplies electricity to its customers from power purchased from generators under long-term, take-or-pay ppas. a free customer has the option of purchasing electricity directly from luz del sur, while paying fees to luz del sur for generation, transmission (primary and secondary) and distribution services, or choosing to become a tolling customer. a tolling customer purchases electricity from alternative suppliers and pays only a tolling fee to luz del sur for secondary transmission and distribution. to the extent customers have the right to and choose to become tolling customers, luz del sur may be exposed to stranded costs related to capacity charges under its long-term, take-or-pay ppas. we discuss luz del sur's customers and demand in "item 1. business."
sempra mexico capital project updates we summarize major projects in process at sempra mexico below.
capital projects under construction - sempra mexico - gas business project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                   status sur de texas-tuxpan marine pipeline
§                            img was awarded the right to build, own and operate the natural gas marine pipeline in june 2016 by the cfe.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $992   §               estimated completion: second quarter of 2019
§                            sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in img, a jv with transcanada, which owns the remaining 60-percent interest.
§                            natural gas transportation services agreement for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars.
terminals at port of veracruz, puebla and mexico city
§                            awarded a 20-year concession in july 2017 to build and operate a marine terminal in the port of veracruz in mexico for the receipt, storage and delivery of liquid fuels.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $440   §               expected completion of marine terminal: fourth quarter of 2019
§                            planned storage capacity of 2.1 million barrels.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            §               expected completion of two inland storage terminals: first quarter of 2020
§                            working capacity of 1.4 million barrels of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel to supply the central region of mexico.
§                            ienova will also build and operate two storage terminals located near puebla and mexico city, each with storage capacities of 650,000 barrels.
§                            entered into three, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated terminal services agreements in july 2017 with valero energy for the full capacity of the marine terminal and the two inland storage terminals.
§                            pursuant to these agreements, valero energy has the option to purchase a 50-percent interest in each of the three terminals after commencement of commercial operations, subject to approval by the port of veracruz, cofece, the cre and other regulatory bodies.
baja refinados terminal
§                            plan to develop, construct and operate a liquid fuels marine storage terminal within the la jovita energy center, located 14 miles north of ensenada, baja california, mexico.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $130   §               estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                            capacity of 1 million barrels of hydrocarbons, primarily gasoline and diesel, to increase fuel supply capacity and reliability in baja california.
§                            fully contracted under two, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated contracts for the receipt, storage and delivery of hydrocarbons with chevron and bp. chevron has the option to acquire 20 percent of the equity of the terminal after commercial operations begin.
topolobampo port administration terminal
§                            plan to develop, construct and operate a marine terminal for the receipt and storage of hydrocarbons, petroleum, petrochemicals and other liquids.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $150   §               estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                            storage capacity of 1 million barrels, mainly for diesel and gasoline, to increase fuel supply sources and reliability in sinaloa.
§                            fully contracted under 15-year and 10-year, u.s. dollar-denominated contracts for the receipt, storage and delivery of hydrocarbons with chevron and a subsidiary of marathon petroleum corporation, respectively. the chevron contract has the potential to be extended up to 30 years. the marathon petroleum corporation contract has the potential to be extended indefinitely. chevron has the option to acquire up to 25 percent of the equity of the terminal after commercial operations begin.
capital projects under construction - sempra mexico - gas business (continued)
project description                                                                                                                                                                 our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                     status manzanillo terminal
§                 plan to develop, construct and operate a marine terminal for the receipt, storage and delivery of refined products in manzanillo, colima.                         $102 to $165                                      §                 estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                 entered into a long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated agreement with trafigura mexico, s.a. de c.v. for 740,000 barrels of the terminal's initial storage capacity.
§                 estimated storage capacity of 1.48 million barrels, with opportunities for expansion.
§                 51-percent equity interest in jv, with option to increase ownership interest up to 82.5 percent.
capital projects under construction or pending regulatory resolution - sempra mexico -
power business project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            our share of                       status estimated capital cost
(in millions)
la rumorosa solar complex
§                   awarded 41-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in baja california, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control (centro nacional de control de energía) in september 2016.                                                                                           $50   §                   estimated completion: first quarter of 2019
§                   contracted by the cfe under a 15-year renewable energy agreement and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
tepezalá ii solar complex
§                   awarded 100-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in aguascalientes, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control in september 2016.                                                                                                                                   $90   §                   estimated completion: second quarter of 2019
§                   contracted by the cfe under 15-year renewable energy and capacity agreements and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
§                   developing and constructing in collaboration with trina solar, which owns a 10-percent interest in the project. ienova has the option to purchase, and trina solar has the option to sell, trina solar's ownership interest at the end of the construction period, before operations commence.
pima solar
§                   awarded 110-mw photovoltaic project located in sonora, mexico in march 2017.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $115   §                   completed in february 2019
§                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa in march 2017 to provide renewable energy, clean energy certificates and capacity.
don diego solar complex
§                   plan to develop, construct and operate a 125-mw photovoltaic project located in sonora, mexico.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $130   §                   estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2019
§                   in february 2018, entered into a 15-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with various subsidiaries of el puerto de liverpool, s.a.b. de c.v. for a portion of the capacity.
energía sierra juárez 2
§                   108-mw wind power generation facility, located in la rumorosa, baja california.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $150   §                   expected completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with sdg&amp;e in november 2017.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      §                   pending ferc approval
§                   received cpuc approval in december 2017.
sempra mexico continues to monitor cfe project opportunities and carefully analyze cfe bids in order to participate in those that fit its overall growth strategy. there can be no assurance that ienova will be successful in bidding for new cfe projects.
the ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul lng terminal sempra lng & midstream and ienova are developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing regasification terminal at eca. the proposed liquefaction facility project, which we expect will be developed in two phases, is being developed to provide buyers with direct access to west coast lng supplies. eca currently has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial financially than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential eca liquefaction-export project and the potential cameron lng expansion project that we describe below in "sempra lng & midstream - proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion." the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects and provides total s.a. the option to acquire an equity interest in the proposed eca lng liquefaction facility project, though the ultimate participation by total s.a. remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors. the mou does not commit any party to sign a definitive agreement or otherwise participate in the project.
in june 2018, we selected a technipfmc plc and kiewit corporation partnership as the epc contractor for the first phase of the proposed eca lng liquefaction facility project (eca lng phase 1). the technipfmc-kiewit partnership is to perform the engineering, planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for eca lng phase 1. the current arrangement with the technipfmc-kiewit partnership does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project.
in november 2018, sempra lng & midstream and ienova signed heads of agreements with affiliates of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. for eca lng phase 1. we expect eca lng phase 1 to be a single train liquefaction facility located within the existing lng receipt terminal site with a capacity of approximately 2.4 mtpa of lng for export to global markets. each heads of agreement for eca lng phase 1 contemplates the parties negotiating definitive 20-year lng sales and purchase agreements for the purchase of approximately 0.8 mtpa of lng from the eca lng facility, but does not obligate the parties to ultimately execute any agreements or otherwise participate in the project.
the ultimate participation of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. in the potential eca lng project as contemplated by the heads of agreements remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors. the development of the eca lng phase 1 and phase 2 projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining binding customer commitments; the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including a definitive epc contract, equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra renewables sempra renewables' performance is primarily a function of the wind (and previously solar) power generated by its assets. power generation from these assets depends on solar and wind resource levels, weather conditions, and sempra renewables' ability to maintain equipment performance.
as we discuss in notes 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in june 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell all our u.s. wind assets and u.s. solar assets, including our wholly and jointly owned operating facilities and projects in development in our sempra renewables reportable segment. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, its solar and battery storage development projects and one wind generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement with american electric power to sell its remaining wind assets and investments for $551 million, subject to working capital adjustments and customary closing conditions. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019.
because of our expectation of a shorter holding period as a result of this plan of sale, we evaluated the recoverability of the carrying amounts of our wind and solar equity method investments and concluded there was an other-than-temporary impairment on certain of our wind equity method investments totaling $200 million ($145 million after tax), which we recorded in equity earnings in june 2018.
we may be unable to complete the sale of the remaining u.s. renewable assets, in which case we would not realize the anticipated benefits. alternatively, even if completed, any such sale may not result in the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner or at all. further, we could experience unexpected delays, business disruptions resulting from supporting this initiative during and following completion of these activities, decreased productivity, adverse effects on employee morale and employee turnover as a result of such initiative, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
sempra lng & midstream cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project major project under construction - sempra lng &amp; midstream project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                       status cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project
§                         sempra energy contributed cameron lng, llc's existing facilities to cameron lng jv, of which sempra energy indirectly owns 50.2 percent, and construction began in the second half of 2014.   §                 based on a number of factors discussed below, we believe it is reasonable to expect that cameron lng jv will start generating earnings in the middle of 2019.
§                         estimated cost of approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision by cameron lng jv.
§                         capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capacity of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day.
§                         authorized to export the full capacity of lng to both fta and non-fta countries.
§                         20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements for full nameplate capacity.
construction on the current three-train liquefaction project began in the second half of 2014 under an epc contract with a jv between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of mcdermott international, inc., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation.
the total cost of the integrated cameron lng jv facility, including the cost of the original facility that was contributed to the project during construction, financing costs and required reserves, was estimated to be approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision.
sempra lng & midstream has agreements totaling 1.45 bcf per day of firm natural gas transportation service to the cameron lng jv facilities on the cameron interstate pipeline with affiliates of total s.a., mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co., ltd. the terms of these agreements are concurrent with the liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements.
sempra energy and the project partners executed project financing documents for senior secured debt in an aggregate principal amount up to $7.4 billion for the purpose of financing the cost of development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project. sempra energy has entered into guarantees under which it has severally guaranteed 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the project financing and financing-related agreements, for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and completion guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, and the guarantees will terminate upon financial completion of the project, which will occur upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we expect the project to achieve financial completion and the completion guarantees to be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor, which would cause further delays.
based on a number of factors, we believe it is reasonable to expect that cameron lng jv will start generating earnings in the middle of 2019. these factors include, among others, the terms of the settlement agreement entered into in december 2017 with the epc contractor to settle certain contractor's claims, the epc contractor's progress to date, the current commissioning activities, the remaining work to be performed, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. for a discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1a. risk factors."
project delays that occurred prior to december 2017 and the terms of the related settlement agreement between cameron lng jv and the epc contractor increased the total estimated cost of the integrated cameron lng facility above the approximately $10 billion estimated cost; however, the estimated increase is expected to be within our contingency associated with the project budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision and is not expected to be material to sempra energy.
proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion cameron lng jv has received the major permits and fta and non-fta approvals necessary to expand the current configuration of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project from the current three liquefaction trains under construction. the proposed expansion project includes up to two additional liquefaction trains, capable of increasing lng production capacity by approximately 9 mtpa to 10 mtpa, and up to two additional full containment lng storage tanks (one of which was permitted with the original three-train project).
under the cameron lng jv financing agreements, expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. discussions among the partners have been taking place regarding how an expansion may be structured. in july 2018, total s.a. acquired engie s.a.'s interest in the cameron lng jv. in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential cameron lng expansion project and the potential eca liquefaction-export project that we describe above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal." the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects, though the ultimate participation of total s.a. remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors, and total s.a. has no commitment to participate in the project. we expect that discussions on the potential expansion will continue among all the cameron lng jv members. there can be no assurance that a mutually agreeable expansion structure will be agreed upon unanimously by the cameron lng jv members, which if not accomplished in a timely manner, could materially and adversely impact the development of the expansion project. in light of this, we are unable to predict when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on this expansion project.
the expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including amending the cameron lng jv agreement among the partners, obtaining binding customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, securing and maintaining all necessary permits, approvals and consents, obtaining financing, reaching a final investment decision among the cameron lng jv partners, and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
other lng liquefaction development design, regulatory and commercial activities are ongoing for potential lng liquefaction developments at our port arthur, texas site and at sempra mexico's eca facility. for these development projects, we have met with potential customers and determined there is an interest in long-term contracts for lng supplies beginning in the 2022 to 2025 time frame.
port arthur sempra lng & midstream is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project on a greenfield site that it owns in the vicinity of port arthur, texas, located along the sabine-neches waterway.
in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream submitted an application to the ferc for approval of the siting, construction and operation of the port arthur liquefaction facility, along with certain natural gas pipelines that could be used to supply feed gas to the liquefaction facility, assuming the project is completed. on january 31, 2019, the ferc issued the final environmental impact statement for the project. this is the final step in the environmental review process before the ferc can proceed to issue an order approving the project.
in june 2015, sempra lng & midstream filed permit applications with the doe for authorization to export the lng produced from the proposed port arthur project to all current and future non-fta countries. in august 2015, sempra lng & midstream received authorization from the doe to export the lng produced from the proposed project to all current and future fta countries. we expect to receive authorization to export to non-fta countries assuming we receive authorization to construct the port arthur facility from the ferc.
in june 2018, we selected bechtel as the epc contractor for the proposed port arthur liquefaction project. bechtel is to perform the engineering, execution planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for the project. the current arrangement with bechtel does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project.
in december 2018, polish oil & gas company (pgnig) and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year. under the agreement, lng purchases by pgnig from port arthur lng will be made on a free-on-board basis, with pgnig responsible for shipping the lng from the port arthur terminal to the final destination. port arthur lng will manage the gas pipeline transportation, liquefaction processing and cargo loading. the agreement is subject to certain conditions precedent, including port arthur lng making a positive final investment decision.
development of the port arthur lng liquefaction project is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining additional customer commitments; completing the required commercial agreements, such as equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; completing construction contracts; securing all necessary permits and approvals; obtaining financing and incentives; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul we further discuss sempra lng & midstream's participation in potential lng liquefaction development at sempra mexico's eca facility above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal."
natural gas storage assets as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in june 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell mississippi hub and our 90.9-percent ownership interest in bay gas. on february 7, 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners. sempra lng & midstream received cash proceeds of $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale). as a result of the impairment charges recorded in 2018, we do not expect to recognize a gain or loss on the sale, which is subject to working capital adjustments, in 2019 because the carrying value of the assets equaled fair value, less costs to sell. at closing, arclight capital partners owns 100 percent of mississippi hub and bay gas.
other sempra energy matters we may be impacted by rapidly changing economic conditions. these conditions may also affect our counterparties. moreover, the dollar may fluctuate significantly compared to some foreign currencies, especially in mexico and south america where we have significant operations. we discuss these matters in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations" above and in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively affect profitability at sempra lng & midstream. also, a reduction in projected global demand for lng could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored lng export initiatives. for a discussion of these risks and other risks involving changing commodity prices, see "item 1a. risk factors."
litigation we describe legal proceedings that could adversely affect our future performance in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates management views certain accounting policies as critical because their application is the most relevant, judgmental, and/or material to our financial position and results of operations, and/or because they require the use of material judgments and estimates.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss choices among alternative accounting policies that are material to our financial statements and information concerning significant estimates with the audit committee of the sempra energy board of directors.
contingencies sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we accrue losses for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain outcomes. for loss contingencies, we accrue the loss if an event has occurred on or before the balance sheet date and:
▪   information available through the date we file our financial statements indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of uncertain future events; and
▪   the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.
we do not accrue contingencies that might result in gains. we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation and other events.
details of our issues in this area are discussed in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulatory accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas as regulated entities, the california utilities' rates, as set and monitored by regulators, are designed to recover the cost of providing service and provide the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on their investments. the california utilities record regulatory assets, which are generally costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if it is probable that, through the ratemaking process, the utility will recover that asset from customers in future rates. similarly, regulatory liabilities are recorded for amounts recovered in rates in advance or in excess of costs incurred. the california utilities assess probabilities of future rate recovery associated with regulatory account balances at the end of each reporting period and whenever new and/or unusual events occur, such as:
▪   changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position;
▪   issuance of a regulatory commission order; or
▪   passage of new legislation.
to the extent that circumstances associated with regulatory balances change, the regulatory balances are evaluated and adjusted if appropriate.
adverse legislative or regulatory actions could materially impact the amounts of our regulatory assets and liabilities and could materially adversely impact our financial statements. details of the california utilities' regulatory assets and liabilities and additional factors that management considers when assessing probabilities associated with regulatory balances are discussed in notes 1, 4,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas our income tax expense and related balance sheet amounts involve significant management judgments and estimates. amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. when we evaluate the anticipated resolution of income tax issues, we consider:
124
▪   past resolutions of the same or similar issue;
▪   the status of any income tax examination in progress; and
▪   positions taken by taxing authorities with other taxpayers with similar issues.
the likelihood of deferred income tax recovery is based on analyses of the deferred income tax assets and our expectation of future taxable income, based on our strategic planning.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts because of:
▪   future impacts of various items, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations and rulings;
▪   our financial condition in future periods; and
▪   the resolution of various income tax issues between us and taxing and regulatory authorities.
for an uncertain position to qualify for benefit recognition, the position must have at least a more likely than not chance of being sustained (based on the position's technical merits) upon challenge by the respective authorities. the term more likely than not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if we do not have a more likely than not position with respect to a tax position, then we do not recognize any of the potential tax benefit associated with the position. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon the effective resolution of the tax position.
unrecognized tax benefits involve management's judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefit being sustained. the final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts and may affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we discuss details of our issues in this area and additional information related to accounting for income taxes, including uncertainty in income taxes, in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
derivatives and hedge accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we record derivative instruments for which we do not apply a scope exception at fair value on the balance sheet. depending on the purpose for the contract and the applicability of hedge or regulatory accounting, the changes in fair value of derivatives may be recorded in earnings, on the balance sheet, or in oci. we also use the normal purchase or sale exception for certain derivative contracts. whenever possible, we use exchange quoted prices or other third-party pricing to estimate fair values; if no such data is available, we use internally developed models and other techniques. the assumed collectability of derivative assets and receivables considers:
▪   events specific to a given counterparty;
▪   the tenor of the transaction; and
▪   the credit-worthiness of the counterparty.
the application of hedge accounting and normal purchase or sale accounting for certain derivatives is determined on a contract-by-contract basis. significant changes in assumptions in our cash flow hedges, such as the amount and/or timing of forecasted transactions, could cause unrealized gains or losses (mark-to-market) to be reclassified out of aoci to earnings, which may materially impact our results of operations. additionally, changes in assumed physical delivery on contracts for which we elected normal purchase or sale accounting may result in "tainting" of the election, which may (1) preclude us from making this election in future transactions and (2) impact sempra energy's results of operations. any resulting impact on the california utilities' results of operations would not be significant because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to their contracts. we provide details of our derivative instruments and our fair value approaches in notes  and , respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas to measure our pension and other postretirement obligations, costs and liabilities, we rely on several assumptions. we consider current market conditions, including interest rates, in making these assumptions. we review these assumptions annually and update when appropriate.
the critical assumptions used to develop the required estimates include the following key factors:
▪   discount rates;
▪   expected return on plan assets;
▪   health care cost trend rates;
▪   mortality rates;
▪   rate of compensation increases;
▪   termination and retirement rates;
▪   utilization of postretirement welfare benefits;
▪   payout elections (lump sum or annuity); and
▪   lump sum interest rates.
the actuarial assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to:
▪   return on plan assets;
▪   changing market and economic conditions;
▪   higher or lower withdrawal rates;
▪   longer or shorter participant life spans;
▪   more or fewer lump sum versus annuity payout elections made by plan participants; and
▪   higher or lower retirement rates.
these differences, other than those related to the california utilities' plans, where rate recovery offsets the effects of the assumptions on earnings, may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense we record. for plans other than those at the california utilities, the approximate annual effect on earnings of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would be less than $2 million and the effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return on plan assets would be less than $2 million. we provide details of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
asset retirement obligations sempra energy, sdg&e sdg&e's legal aros related to the decommissioning of songs are estimated based on a site-specific study performed no less than every three years. the estimate of the obligations includes:
▪   estimated decommissioning costs, including labor, equipment, material and other disposal costs;
▪   inflation adjustment applied to estimated cash flows;
▪   discount rate based on a credit-adjusted risk-free rate; and
▪   actual decommissioning costs, progress to date and expected duration of decommissioning activities.
changes in the estimated decommissioning costs, or in the assumptions and judgments made by management underlying these estimates, could cause revisions to the estimated total cost associated with retiring the assets. sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning expenses are subject to rate recovery and, therefore, rate-making accounting treatment is applied to sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning activities. sdg&e recognizes a regulatory asset, or liability, to the extent that its songs aro exceeds, or is less than, the amount collected from customers and the amount earned in sdg&e's ndt.
we provide additional detail in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of long-lived assets sempra energy whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable, we consider if the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the assets. if so, we estimate the fair value of these assets to determine the extent to which carrying value exceeds fair value. for these estimates, we may consider data from multiple valuation methods, including data from market participants. we exercise judgment to estimate the future cash flows and the useful lives of long-lived assets and to determine our intent to use the assets. our intent to use or dispose of assets is subject to re-evaluation and can change over time.
if an impairment test is required, the fair value of long-lived assets can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. we discuss impairment of long-lived assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of goodwill sempra energy on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, we consider whether goodwill may be impaired. for our annual goodwill impairment testing, we have the option to first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test. if we elect to perform the qualitative assessment, we evaluate relevant events and circumstances, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, changes in key personnel and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. if, after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. when we perform the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to the carrying value. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. we consider observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, if available, as well as an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future revenues and expenses and may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the reporting unit. critical assumptions that affect our estimates of fair value may include:
▪   consideration of market transactions;
▪   future cash flows;
▪   the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate;
▪   country risk; and
▪   entity risk.
when we choose to make a qualitative assessment as discussed above, the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test is not required if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or when we choose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, the test requires us to first determine if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and if so, to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. when determining if goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit and goodwill can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. as a result, recognizing a goodwill impairment may or may not be required.
in 2018, we chose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test and determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units in mexico and south america to which goodwill was allocated were substantially above their carrying values as of october 1, 2018, our goodwill impairment testing date. we discuss goodwill in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
carrying value of equity method investments sempra energy we generally account for investments under the equity method when we have significant influence over, but do not have control of, the investee.
we consider whether the fair value of each equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. to help evaluate whether a decline in fair value below carrying value has occurred and if the decline is other than temporary, we may develop fair value estimates for the investment. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. in the absence of observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, we consider an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis or, with less weighting, the replacement cost of the underlying net assets. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future distributions from the investment, or may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the entity and adjusted for our ownership share total. when calculating estimates of fair or realizable values, we also consider whether we intend to hold or sell the investment. for certain investments, critical assumptions may include:
▪   equity sale offer price for the investment;
▪   transportation rates for natural gas;
▪   the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate;
▪   the availability and costs of natural gas and lng;
▪   competing fuels (primarily propane) and electricity;
▪   estimated future power generation and associated tax credits; and
▪   renewable power price expectations.
in addition, for our indirect investment in oncor, critical assumptions may also include the effects of ratemaking, such as the results of regulator decisions on rates and recovery of regulated investments and costs. the risk assumptions applied by other market participants to value the investments could vary significantly or the appropriate approaches could be weighted differently. these differences could impact whether or not the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, and if so, whether that condition is other than temporary. this could result in an impairment charge or a different amount of impairment charge, and, in cases where an impairment charge has been recorded, additional loss or gain upon sale in the case of a sale transaction.
we provide additional details in notes 6 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards we discuss the relevant pronouncements that have recently become effective and have had or may have a significant effect on our financial statements in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
