item 1a:   risk factors

risks associated with our business the risks described below are not the only risks that we face. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.
our business is impacted by global and industry-specific economic cycles, which are difficult to predict, and actions we have taken or may take to offset these cycles may not be sufficient.
capital equipment providers in the electronics and semiconductor industries, such as teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted by both sudden slowdowns in the global economies and recurring cyclicality
10
within those industries. these cycles have resulted in periods of over-supply; a trend we believe will continue to occur for newer generations of electronic products. our business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors and other electronics, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. disruption or deterioration in economic conditions may reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. in addition, such adverse changes in economic conditions, and resulting slowdowns in the market for our products, may, among other things, result in increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, potential reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable, increased risk of restructuring charges, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues, which, in each case and together, adversely affect our operating results. we are unable to predict the likely duration, frequency and severity of disruptions in financial markets, credit availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world, and we cannot ensure that the level of revenues or new orders for a fiscal quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. we have taken actions to address the effects of general economic variability and recurring industry cyclicality, including implementing cost control and reduction measures. we cannot predict whether these measures will be sufficient to offset global or market-specific disruptions that might affect our test businesses and we may need to take additional or different measures in the future.
we are subject to intense competition.
we face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. some of our competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. we also face competition from emerging asian equipment companies and internal development at several of our customers. some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics that may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. we expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. new product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products.
the market for our products is concentrated, and our business depends, in part, on obtaining orders from a few significant customers.
the market for our products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. in each of the years 2018, 2017, and 2016, our five largest customers in aggregate accounted for 27%, 32%, and 36% of consolidated revenues, respectively. we estimate consolidated revenues driven by a single oem customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s osats (which include taiwan semiconductor manufacturing company ltd. and its leasing company, ja mitsui leasing, ltd.), accounted for approximately 13%, 22%, and 26% of our consolidated revenues in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. in any one reporting period, a single customer or several customers may contribute even a larger percentage of our consolidated revenues. in addition, our ability to increase sales will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain orders from current or new significant customers. the opportunities to obtain orders from these customers may be limited, which may impair our ability to grow revenues. we expect that sales of our products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future. the loss of a significant customer or any reduction in orders by these customers, including reductions due to market or competitive conditions, such as we experienced in our wireless test segment, would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
11
our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly.
our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues or profitability. the following factors could impact future operations:
•   a worldwide economic slowdown or disruption in the global financial markets;

•   competitive pressures on selling prices;

•   our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products;

•   changes in product revenues mix resulting from changes in customer demand;

•                       the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to capital expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business;

•   engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering operations in asia;

•   provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products;

•   impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets, and goodwill;

•   an increase in the leasing of our products to customers;

•   our ability to expand our global distribution channel for our collaborative robots;

•   parallel or multi-site testing could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our products; and

•   the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if consolidated revenues increase.

as a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have experienced and may continue to experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or stock price.
we are subject to risks of operating internationally.
a significant portion of our total revenues is derived from customers outside the united states. our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including:
•   unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets;

•   changes in tariffs and exchange rates;

•   social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts;

•   difficulties in protecting intellectual property;

•   difficulties in accounts receivable collection;

•   cultural differences in the conduct of business;

•   difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

•   compliance with customs regulations; and

•   compliance with international tax laws and regulations.

12
in addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations, including china and malaysia, and a large portion of the devices our products test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in taiwan, china, singapore and other parts of asia. as a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political or financial instability in these regions. disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business.
the implementation of tariffs and export controls on our products may have a material impact on our business.
our business operations and supply chain are global and may be disrupted by the implementation of tariffs and export controls on our products.
on july 6, 2018 and august 23, 2018, the united states trade representative imposed a 25% tariff on two lists of products, including certain teradyne products that are made in china and imported into the united states. we have submitted requests for exclusion of our products from the tariff, but there is no assurance that our requests will be approved. we have implemented operational changes that will mitigate the impact of the 25% tariff on the import of our impacted products into the united states. as a result, we do not expect that the tariff will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
on september 24, 2018, the united states trade representative imposed a 10% tariff on many additional products made in china and imported into the united states. the tariff rate may increase to 25% in 2019. at this time, we do not expect that this tariff will significantly impact any teradyne products and thus the tariff should not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
on june 29, 2018, the united states department of commerce announced that it has commenced a review of new export controls focusing on emerging and foundational technologies. while there is uncertainty as to the technologies that will be covered, the new export controls could cover technologies used in one or more teradyne products and, therefore, could impact the sale of certain teradyne products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the united states department of commerce from time to time has taken action to restrict the access of u.s.-origin technologies to chinese companies by adding them to the entity list under u.s. export administration regulations. the addition to the entity list of chinese companies who are customers or potential customers could impact the sale and/or support of certain teradyne products to those customers or potential customers and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition to the actions taken by the united states, china has implemented retaliatory tariffs on products made in the united states and imported into china, including certain teradyne products. we plan to assess and implement, if appropriate, operational changes that would mitigate the impact of the retaliatory tariffs. however, notwithstanding our efforts, the retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions implemented by china could disrupt our business operations, sales and supply chain and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers’ needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues will be adversely affected.
we believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence and creative ability of our engineers. in a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development or acquisition of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer
13
demand for those products are critical to our success. successful product development or acquisition, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including:
•   new product selection;

•   ability to meet customer requirements;

•   development of competitive products by competitors;

•   timely and efficient completion of product design;

•   timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes;

•   timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing;

•   assembly processes and product performance at customer locations;

•   differentiation of our products from our competitors’ products;

•   management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles;

•   transition of customers to new product platforms;

•   ability to attract and retain technical talent; and

•   innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties.

we may be subject to product recalls and warranty and product liability claims.
we invest significant resources in the design, manufacture and testing of our products. however, we may discover design or manufacturing defects in our products after they have been shipped and, as a result, we may incur development and remediation costs and be required to settle warranty and product liability claims. in addition, if any of our products contain defects or have reliability, quality or safety issues, we may need to conduct a product recall which could result in significant repair or replacement costs and substantial delays in product shipments and may damage our reputation which could make it more difficult to sell our products. any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
if our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings.
certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply from time to time because of high industry demand or the inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. if any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders, have significantly decreased revenues and earnings and be subject to contractual penalties, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control.
to a certain extent, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and contractors to help meet increased product or delivery requirements. it may be difficult for certain suppliers to meet delivery requirements in a period of rapid growth, therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers’ demands.
we rely on the financial strength of our suppliers. there can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
14
our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or service providers fail to perform.
we depend on flex ltd. (“flex”) to manufacture and test our flex and j750 family of products from its facility in china and on other contract manufacturers to manufacture other products. if for any reason these contract manufacturers cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar arrangement with an alternative contract manufacturer. if we experience a problem with our supply of products from flex or our other contract manufacturers, it may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which could result in substantial expense and disruption to our business.
we have also outsourced certain general and administrative functions to reputable service providers, many of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time differences. their presence in foreign countries also increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk. additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing functions and operations. if we fail in successfully coordinating and managing the outsourced service providers, it may cause an adverse effect on our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisitions or strategic alliances.
in june 2015, we acquired universal robots, and, in 2018, we acquired energid and mir. we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring or successfully growing these businesses. we may continue to acquire additional businesses, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. we may not be able to realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of other businesses or technologies that we may acquire. in addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be complex, costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. we may have difficulty in developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a manner that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from expected synergies. following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. acquisitions may also result in one-time charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill or acquired intangible assets that adversely affect our operating results. additionally, we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances or joint ventures by utilizing our cash, incurring debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means.
we may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations.
we are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage, discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. if we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or cost, including penalties or the suspension of production. present and future regulations may also:
•   restrict our ability to expand facilities;

•   restrict our ability to ship certain products;

•   require us to modify our operations logistics;

•   require us to acquire costly equipment; or

•   require us to incur other significant costs and expenses.

15
pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located in massachusetts and new hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. as of december 31, 2018, we have not incurred material costs as a result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken at the massachusetts and new hampshire sites.
on january 27, 2003, the european union adopted the following directives: (i) the directive on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (the “rohs directive”); and (ii) the directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment (the “weee directive”). the weee directive became effective august 13, 2005 and the rohs directive became effective on july 6, 2006. both the rohs directive and the weee directive alter the form and manner in which electronic equipment is imported, sold and handled in the european union. other jurisdictions, such as china, have followed the european union’s lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. ensuring compliance with the rohs directive, the weee directive and similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and integrating compliance activities with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations or financial condition.
we currently are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings that could have an adverse effect on our business.
from time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative, regulatory or governmental proceedings, including tax audits and resulting claims that could require significant management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages or incur costs in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation costs, licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products.
we have been sued for patent infringement in the past and receive notifications from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by others. an assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products or it could force us to seek a license to the intellectual property rights of others or alter such products so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property rights of others. a license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. similarly, changing our products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. additionally, patent litigation could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive defense, even if we eventually prevail. if we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages, obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property (“ip”), we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation to protect our rights.
we protect the technology that is incorporated in our products in several ways, including through patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. however, even with these protections, our ip may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. while we believe that our ip has value in the aggregate, no single element of our ip is in itself essential. if a significant portion of our ip is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected.
16
we may incur higher tax rates than we expect and may have exposure to additional international tax liabilities and costs.
we are subject to paying income taxes in the united states and various other countries where we operate. our effective tax rate is dependent on where our earnings are generated and the tax regulations and the interpretation and judgment of administrative tax or revenue entities in the united states and other countries. we have pursued a global tax strategy which could be adversely affected by the mix of earnings and tax rates in the countries where we operate, changes to tax laws, tax regulations or an adverse tax ruling by administrative entities. we are also subject to tax audits in the countries where we operate. any material change in our tax liability resulting from changes in tax laws, tax regulations, administrative ruling or from an audit from an administrative tax or revenue entity could negatively affect our financial results.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. in certain foreign jurisdictions, we qualify for tax incentives and tax holidays based on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various tests relating to our employment levels, research and development expenditures and other qualification requirements in a particular foreign jurisdiction. while we intend to operate in such a manner to maintain and maximize our tax incentives, no assurance can be given that we have so qualified or that we will so qualify for any particular year or jurisdiction. if we fail to qualify and to remain qualified for certain foreign tax incentives and tax holidays, we may be subject to further taxation or an increase in our effective tax rate which would adversely impact our financial results. in december 2015, we entered into an agreement with the singapore economic development board which extended our singapore tax holiday under substantially similar terms to the agreement which expired on december 31, 2015. the new tax holiday is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2020. the tax savings attributable to the singapore tax holiday for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share, $24.8 million or $0.12 per diluted share and $17.0 million or $0.08 per diluted share, respectively. these tax savings may not be achievable in subsequent years due to changes in singapore’s tax laws or the expiration of the tax holiday.
in addition, we may incur additional costs, including headcount expenses, in order to maintain or obtain a foreign tax incentive in a particular foreign jurisdiction.
we have significant guarantees, indemnification and customer confidentiality obligations.
from time to time, we make guarantees to customers regarding the delivery, price and performance of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness, performance obligations or lease commitments of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. we also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or occurrences while the officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. additionally, we have confidentiality obligations to certain customers and if breached would require the payment of significant penalties. if we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. for additional information see note k: “commitments and contingencies—guarantees and indemnification obligations” in notes to consolidated financial statements.
we may discontinue or reduce our quarterly cash dividend or share repurchase program.
in january 2014, our board of directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. in january 2017, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.07 per share and in january 2018, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend to $0.09 per share. in january 2018, our board of directors approved a new $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization. in 2018 and 2017, we repurchased $823 million and $200 million of common stock, respectively. we intend to repurchase $500 million in 2019. holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive dividends when and if they are declared by our board of directors. future cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors
17
and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. while we have declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock and authorized a share repurchase program, we are not required to do either and may reduce or eliminate our cash dividend or share repurchase program in the future. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we have incurred indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness.
on december 12, 2016, we completed a private offering of $460.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior unsecured notes (the “notes”) due december 15, 2023 and received net proceeds, after issuance costs, of approximately $450.8 million, $33.0 million of which was used to pay the net cost, after being partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the warrants, of the convertible note hedge transactions and $50.1 million of which was used to repurchase 2 million shares of our common stock. holders of the notes may require us to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us or the holders may elect to convert into shares of our common stock.
on april 27, 2015, we entered into a five-year, senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $350.0 million. subject to customary conditions, we may seek to obtain from existing or new lenders incremental commitments under the credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150.0 million. we have not borrowed any funds under this credit facility. we could borrow funds under this credit facility at any time for general corporate purposes and working capital.
the issuance of the notes and any additional indebtedness, among other things, could:
•   make it difficult to make payments on this indebtedness and our other obligations;

•   make it difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes;

•   require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to service for indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; and

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete.

our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions could impact the value of our stock.
concurrent with the offering of the notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (the “note hedge transactions”) with the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the “option counterparties”). the note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock that underlie the notes, with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the notes of $31.70. the note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of our common stock.
separately and concurrent with the pricing of the notes, we entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties (the “warrant transactions”) in which we sold net-share-settled (or, at our election subject to certain conditions, cash-settled) warrants to the option counterparties. the warrant transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 14.5 million shares of our common stock. the strike price of the warrants is $39.78 per share. the warrant transactions could have a dilutive effect to our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the warrant transactions, exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants.
18
the note hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the notes. however, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. the net cost of the note hedge transactions, after being partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants, was approximately $33.0 million.
in connection with establishing their initial hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, the option counterparties have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchase shares of our common stock or other securities, including the notes, concurrent with, or shortly after, the pricing of the notes. in addition, the option counterparties may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or by selling our common stock or other securities, including the notes, in secondary market transactions (and may do so during any observation period related to the conversion of the notes). these activities could adversely impact the value of our common stock and the notes.
we may not be able to pay our debt and other obligations.
if our cash flow is inadequate to meet our obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make required payments on the notes or certain of our other obligations, we would be in default under the terms thereof, which would permit the holders of those obligations to accelerate their maturity and also could cause defaults under future indebtedness we may incur. any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial position and operating results. in addition, we cannot be certain that we would be able to repay amounts due on the notes if those obligations were to be accelerated following the occurrence of any other event of default as defined in the instruments creating those obligations, or if the holders of the notes require us to repurchase the notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change involving us. moreover, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds or will be able to arrange for financing to pay the principal amount due on the notes at maturity.
restrictive covenants in the agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to pursue business strategies.
the agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility limits our ability, among other things, to: incur additional secured indebtedness; sell, transfer, license or dispose of assets; consolidate or merge; enter into transactions with our affiliates; and incur liens. in addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility contains financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long term best interest, such as, subject to permitted exceptions, making capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds, making investments, loans and other advances, and prepaying any additional indebtedness while our indebtedness under our senior secured revolving credit facility is outstanding. our failure to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the lenders requiring immediate payment of all outstanding borrowings or foreclosing on collateral pledged to them to secure the indebtedness.
our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees.
competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. the loss of one or more key or other employees, a decrease in our ability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
19
our operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to risks of natural catastrophic events, widespread health epidemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and international terrorist attacks, any one of which could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries or other business activities, or loss of customers and could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
our business is international in nature, with our sales, service and administrative personnel and our customers and suppliers located in numerous countries throughout the world. our operations, and those of our customers and suppliers, are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, health epidemics, fires, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, energy shortages, telecommunication failures, tsunamis, flooding or other natural disasters. such disruption could materially increase our costs and expenses as well as cause delays in, among other things, shipments of products to our customers, our ability to perform services requested by our customers, or the installation and acceptance of our products at customer sites. any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a breach of our operational or security systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
we rely on various information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, including confidential data, and to carry out and support a variety of business activities, including manufacturing, research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting. a failure in or a breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our suppliers and other service providers, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, damage our reputation, cause losses and increase our costs.
we may face risks associated with shareholder activism.
publicly traded companies have increasingly become subject to campaigns by shareholders advocating corporate actions such as financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special dividends, stock repurchases or divestitures. we may become subject in the future to such shareholder activity and demands. such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our business plans, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of management or result in our initiating borrowing or increasing our share repurchase plan or dividend, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business or stock price.
provisions of our charter and by-laws and massachusetts law may make a takeover of teradyne more difficult.
there are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under massachusetts law that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders.
item 7:   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

overview we are a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. we design, develop, manufacture and sell automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications, and aerospace and defense industries. our industrial automation products include collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic control software used by global manufacturing and light industrial customers to improve quality, increase manufacturing and material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. our automatic test equipment and industrial automation products and services include:
•   semiconductor test (“semiconductor test”) systems;

•   defense/aerospace (“defense/aerospace”) test instrumentation and systems, storage test (“storage test”) systems, and circuit-board test and inspection (“production board test”) systems (collectively these products represent “system test”);

•   industrial automation (“industrial automation”) products; and

•   wireless test (“wireless test”) systems.

we have a customer base which includes integrated device manufacturers (“idms”), outsourced semiconductor assembly and test providers (“osats”), original equipment manufacturers (“oems”), wafer foundries, fabless companies that design, but contract with others for the manufacture of integrated circuits (“ics”), developers of wireless devices and consumer electronics, manufacturers of circuit boards, automotive suppliers, wireless product manufacturers, storage device manufacturers, aerospace and military contractors, and distributors that sell collaborative robots, autonomous mobile robots and wireless test systems.
the market for our test products is concentrated with a limited number of significant customers accounting for a substantial portion of the purchases of test equipment. one customer drives significant demand for our products both through direct sales and sales to the customer’s supply partners. we expect that sales of our test products will continue to be concentrated with a limited number of significant customers for the foreseeable future.
the sales of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers who are subject to cyclical trends in the demand for their products. these cyclical periods have had, and will continue to have, a significant effect on our business because our customers often delay or accelerate purchases in reaction to changes in their businesses and to demand fluctuations in the semiconductor and electronics industries. historically, these demand fluctuations have resulted in significant variations in our results of operations. during the first quarter of 2018, demand outlook for mobile device test capacity in 2018 declined sharply for our semiconductor test business. demand in other segments of the semiconductor test business, including memory test, increased in 2018.
23
in 2015, we acquired universal robots a/s (“universal robots”), the leading supplier of collaborative robots which are low-cost, easy-to-deploy and simple-to-program robots that work side by side with production workers to improve quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. the acquisition of universal robots provides a growth engine to our business. the total purchase price for universal robots was approximately $315 million, which included cash paid of approximately $284 million and $32 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of revenue and earnings targets through 2018. contingent consideration for 2015 was $15 million and was paid in february 2016. contingent consideration for the period from july 2015 to december 2017 was $24.6 million and was paid march 2018. contingent consideration for the period from july 2015 to december 2018 was $3.9 million and it is expected to be paid in march 2019.
on february 26, 2018, we acquired energid technologies corporation (“energid”) for a total purchase price of approximately $27.6 million. energid’s technology enables and simplifies the programming of complex robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare, utilizing both traditional robots and collaborative robots.
on april 25, 2018, we acquired mobile industrial robots aps (“mir”), a danish limited liability company. mir is the leading maker of collaborative autonomous mobile robots for industrial applications. the total purchase price was approximately $198 million, which included cash paid of approximately $145 million and $53 million in fair value of contingent consideration payable upon achievement of certain thresholds and targets for revenue and earnings before interest and taxes through 2020. at december 31, 2018, the maximum amount of contingent consideration that could be paid is $115 million. contingent consideration for 2018 was $31.0 million and is expected to be paid in march 2019.
universal robots, mir and energid are included in our industrial automation segment.
we believe our recent acquisitions have enhanced our opportunities for growth. we intend to continue to invest in our business, grow market share in our markets and expand further our addressable markets while tightly managing our costs.
critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified the policies discussed below as critical to understanding our business and our results of operations and financial condition. the impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.
revenue from contracts with customers we adopted accounting standards codification (“asc”) 606, “revenue from contracts with customers” on january 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective method for all contracts not completed as of the date of adoption. the reported results for 2018 reflect the application of asc 606 while the reported results for 2017 were prepared under the guidance of asc 605, “revenue recognition,” which is also referred to herein as “legacy gaap” or the “previous guidance.” we recorded a net increase to retained earnings of $12.7 million as of january 1, 2018 due to the cumulative impact of adopting asc 606. the adoption of asc 606 represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align revenue recognition with the delivery of teradyne’s hardware and services and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced disclosures. in accordance with asc 606, revenue is recognized when or as a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. the amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which teradyne expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for fulfillment of the performance obligation. teradyne’s primary source of revenue will continue to be from the sale of systems, instruments, robots, and the delivery of services.
24
in accordance with asc 606, we recognize revenues, when or as control is transferred to a customer. our determination of revenue is dependent upon a five step process outlined below.
step 1: identify the contract with the customer we account for a contract with a customer when there is written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection.
step 2: identify the performance obligations in the contract we periodically enter into contracts with customers in which a customer may purchase a combination of goods and services, such as products with extended warranty obligations. we determine performance obligations by assessing whether the products or services are distinct from the other elements of the contract. in order to be distinct, the product or service must perform either on its own or with readily available resources and must be separate within the context of the contract.
step 3: determine the transaction price we consider the amount stated on the face of the purchase order to be the transaction price. we do not have variable consideration which could impact the stated purchase price agreed to by us and the customer.
step 4: allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract transaction price is allocated to each individual performance obligation based on the standalone selling price of that performance obligation. we use standalone transactions when available to value each performance obligation. if standalone transactions are not available, we will estimate the standalone selling price through market assessments or cost plus a reasonable margin analysis. any discounts from standalone selling price are spread proportionally to each performance obligation.
step 5: recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation in order to determine the appropriate timing for revenue recognition, we first determine if the transaction meets any of three criteria for over time recognition. if the transaction meets the criteria for over time recognition, we recognize revenue as the good or service is delivered. we use input variables such as hours or months utilized or costs incurred to determine the amount of revenue to recognize in a given period. input variables are used as they best align consumption with benefit to the customer. for transactions that do not meet the criteria for over time recognition, we will recognize revenue at a point in time based on an assessment of the five criteria for transfer of control. we have concluded that revenue should be recognized when shipped or delivered based on contractual terms. typically acceptance of our products and services is a formality as we deliver similar systems, instruments and robots to standard specifications. in cases where acceptance is not deemed a formality, we will defer revenue recognition until customer acceptance.
translation of non-u.s. currencies the functional currency for all non-u.s. subsidiaries is the u.s. dollar, except for the industrial automation segment for which the local currency is its functional currency. all foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured on a monthly basis into the functional currency using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. all foreign currency denominated non-monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into the functional currency using historical exchange rates. net foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement are included in other (income) expense, net. for industrial automation, assets and liabilities are translated into u.s. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. revenues and expense amounts are translated using an average of exchange rates in effect during the period. translation adjustments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
25
retirement and postretirement plans we recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of the plan assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. we calculate the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of december 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.
in march 2017, the financial accounting standards board (“fasb”) issued asu 2017-07, “compensation—retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost.” we retrospectively adopted the new accounting guidance on presentation of net periodic pension costs and net periodic postretirement benefit costs in the first quarter of 2018. this guidance requires the service cost component of net benefit costs to be reported in the same line item in the consolidated statement of operations as other employee compensation costs. the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses, are required to be reported separately outside of income or loss from operations. following the adoption of this guidance, we continue to record the service cost component in the same line item as other employee compensation costs and the non-service components of net benefit costs such as interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service cost, and actuarial gains or losses are reported within other (income) expense, net. in 2017 and 2016, the retrospective adoption of this standard decreased income from operations by $5.0 million and $3.0 million, respectively, due to the reclass of net actuarial pension gains and increased non-operating (income) expense by the same amount with no impact to net income (loss).
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. on a quarterly basis, we use consistent methodologies to evaluate all inventories for net realizable value. we record a provision for both excess and obsolete inventory when such write-downs or write-offs are identified through the quarterly review process. the inventory valuation is based upon assumptions about future demand, product mix, and possible alternative uses.
equity incentive and stock purchase plans stock-based compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of asc 718, “compensation—stock compensation.” upon adoption of asu 2016-09, “compensation-stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting,” in the first quarter of 2017, we made an accounting policy election to continue accounting for forfeitures by applying an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizing compensation costs only for those stock-based compensation awards expected to vest. in accordance with asu 2016-09, starting in the first quarter of 2017, excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a discrete tax benefit or discrete tax expense to the current income tax provision in our consolidated statements of operations and are reported as cash flows from operating activities. on january 1, 2017, a cumulative effect adjustment of $39.1 million for any prior year excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies not previously recorded was recorded as an increase to retained earnings and deferred tax assets. all cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees’ behalf for withheld shares are presented as financing activities on the statement of cash flows. in 2018 and 2017, we recognized a discrete tax benefit of $7.6 million and $6.3 million, respectively, related to net excess tax benefit.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. the measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance
26
if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we performed the required assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the net deferred tax assets in accordance with asc 740, “accounting for income taxes.” this assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies. although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we concluded that it is more likely than not that such assets, net of the existing valuation allowance, will be realized.
investments we account for our investments in debt and equity securities in accordance with the provisions of asc 320-10, “investments—debt and equity securities.” on a quarterly basis, we review our investments to identify and evaluate those that have an indication of a potential other-than-temporary impairment. factors considered in determining whether a loss is other-than-temporary include:
•   the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;

•   the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and

•   the intent and ability to retain the investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.

financial assets and financial liabilities in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, “financial instruments—overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities.” we adopted the new accounting guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the modified retrospective approach. this guidance requires that changes in fair value of equity marketable securities be accounted for directly in earnings. previously, the changes in fair value of equity marketable securities were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on the balance sheet. we continue to record realized gains in interest income and realized losses in interest expense. the adoption of this new accounting guidance increased the january 1, 2018 retained earnings balance by $3.1 million and decreased the accumulated other comprehensive income balance by the same amount.
goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets we assess goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as of december 31, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently, when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. if the book value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of goodwill is compared with the carrying amount of goodwill. if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that excess.
in the second quarter of 2016, the wireless test reporting unit (which is our wireless test operating and reportable segment) reduced headcount by 11% as a result of a sharp decline in projected demand attributable to an estimated smaller future wireless test market. the decrease in projected demand was due to lower forecasted buying from our largest wireless test segment customer (who had previously contributed between 51% and 73% of annual wireless test sales since the litepoint acquisition in 2011) as a result of the customer’s numerous operational efficiencies; slower smartphone growth rates; and a slowdown of new wireless technology adoption. we considered the headcount reduction and sharp decline in projected demand to be a triggering event for an interim goodwill impairment test. following the interim goodwill impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $254.9 million, with approximately $8.0 million of goodwill remaining.
no goodwill impairment was identified in the fourth quarter of 2018, 2017, and 2016, as part of the annual goodwill impairment test.
27
we assess the impairment of intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors we consider important in the determination of an impairment include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner that we use the acquired asset and significant negative industry or economic trends.
as a result of the interim goodwill impairment test in the second quarter of 2016 described above, we performed an impairment test of the wireless test segment’s intangible and long-lived assets based on the comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the assets and recorded an $83.3 million acquired intangible assets impairment charge, with approximately $2.2 million of intangible assets remaining at december 31, 2018. there were no events or circumstances indicating that the carrying value of acquired intangible and long-lived assets may not be recoverable in 2018 and 2017; as such no impairment test was performed. when we determine that the carrying value of intangible and long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment, we measure any impairment based on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate commensurate with the associated risks.
results of operations the following table sets forth the percentage of total net revenues included in our consolidated statements of operations:
years ended december 31,
2018                 2017                  2016
percentage of revenues:
revenues:
products                                                                                                        82.3   %              83.5   %              82.9   %
services                                                                                                        17.7                  16.5                  17.1
total revenues                                                                                                 100.0                 100.0                 100.0
cost of revenues:
cost of products                                                                                                34.6                  35.6                  37.6
cost of services                                                                                                 7.3                   7.2                   7.7
total cost of revenues (exclusive of acquired intangible assets amortization shown separately below)            41.9                  42.8                  45.3
gross profit                                                                                                    58.1                  57.2                  54.7
operating expenses:
selling and administrative                                                                                      18.6                  16.3                  18.1
engineering and development                                                                                     14.4                  14.4                  16.7
acquired intangible assets amortization                                                                          1.9                   1.4                   3.0
restructuring and other                                                                                          0.7                   0.4                   1.3
goodwill impairment                                                                                                —                     —                  14.5
acquired intangible assets impairment                                                                              —                     —                   4.8
total operating expenses                                                                                        35.5                  32.6                  58.3
income (loss) from operations                                                                                   22.6                  24.6                  (3.6   )
non-operating (income) expenses:
interest income                                                                                                 (1.3   )              (0.8   )              (0.5   )
interest expense                                                                                                 1.5                   1.0                   0.2
other (income) expense, net                                                                                      0.1                  (0.1   )              (0.1   )
income (loss) before income taxes                                                                               22.3                  24.5                  (3.1   )
income tax provision (benefit)                                                                                   0.8                  12.5                  (0.7   )
net income (loss)                                                                                               21.5   %              12.1   %              (2.5   )%
28
revenues revenues for our reportable segments were as follows:
2018                  2017                 2016                      2017-2018            2016-2017
dollar               dollar change               change
(in millions)
semiconductor test             $1,492.4              $1,662.5             $1,368.2             $(170.1   )           $294.3
industrial automation             261.5                 170.1                 99.0                91.4                 71.1
system test                       216.1                 192.1                189.8                24.0                  2.3
wireless test                     132.0                 111.9                 96.2                20.1                 15.7
corporate and other                (1.2   )                 —                    —                (1.2   )                —
$2,100.8              $2,136.6             $1,753.3              $(35.8   )           $383.3
the decrease in semiconductor test revenues of $170.1 million, or 10%, from 2017 to 2018 was driven primarily by a decrease in sales in the mobility and microcontroller test segments, partially offset by increased sales in memory and analog test segments and an increase in service revenues. the increase in semiconductor test revenues of $294.3 million, or 22%, from 2016 to 2017 was driven primarily by increased sales in the microcontroller, power management, flash memory, and automotive safety test segments and an increase in service revenues.
the increase in industrial automation revenues of $91.4 million, or 54%, from 2017 to 2018 was due to higher demand for collaborative robotic arms and the acquisition of mir, completed in april 2018. mir added revenues of $24.1 million in 2018. the increase in industrial automation revenues of $71.1 million, or 72%, from 2016 to 2017 was due to higher demand for collaborative robotic arms.
the increase in system test revenues of $24.0 million, or 12%, from 2017 to 2018 was primarily due to higher system sales in production board test and higher sales of 3.5” hard disk drive and system level testers in storage test. the increase in system test revenues of $2.3 million, or 1%, from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to higher service revenue in defense/aerospace test instrumentation and systems.
the increase in wireless test revenues of $20.1 million, or 18%, from 2017 to 2018 was primarily due to higher demand for next generation wireless products. the increase in wireless test revenues of $15.7 million, or 16%, from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to higher demand for connectivity test systems and higher service revenue.
our reportable segments accounted for the following percentages of consolidated revenues:
2018            2017            2016
semiconductor test             71   %          78   %          78   %
industrial automation          12               8               6
system test                    10               9              11
wireless test                   6               5               5
100   %         100   %         100   %
29
revenues by country as a percentage of total revenues were as follows (1):
2018            2017            2016
taiwan                     25   %          32   %          37   %
china                      17              12              10
united states              13              12              13
europe                     11               8               7
korea                       8              10               8
japan                       8               8               8
malaysia                    6               6               6
singapore                   5               5               4
philippines                 4               5               3
thailand                    3               1               3
rest of the world           –               1               1
100   %         100   %         100   %
(1)   revenues attributable to a country are based on the location of the customer site.

the breakout of product and service revenues was as follows:
2018                 2017                 2016                    2017-2018              2016-2017
dollar                    dollar change                    change
(in millions)
product revenues          $1,729.6             $1,784.7             $1,453.2         $(55.1        )           $331.5
service revenues             371.2                351.9                300.0         19.3                        51.9
$2,100.8             $2,136.6             $1,753.3         $(35.8        )           $383.3
our product revenues decreased $55.1 million, or 3%, in 2018 from 2017 primarily due to lower sales in semiconductor test mobility test segment, partially offset by higher sales in industrial automation, system test and wireless test. service revenues increased $19.3 million, or 5%.
our product revenues increased $331.5 million, or 23%, in 2017 from 2016 primarily due to higher sales across all semiconductor test products and higher sales in industrial automation. service revenues, which are derived from the servicing of our installed base of products and include equipment maintenance contracts, repairs, extended warranties, parts sales, and applications support increased $51.9 million, or 17%.
in 2018, no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. in 2017 and 2016, revenues from one customer accounted for 13% and 12%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. in 2016, a different customer accounted for 12% of our consolidated revenues. in each of the years, 2018, 2017, and 2016, our five largest customers in aggregate accounted for 27%, 32%, and 36%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues. we estimate consolidated revenues driven by a single oem customer, combining direct sales to that customer with sales to the customer’s osats, accounted for approximately 13%, 22%, and 26% of our consolidated revenues in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
gross profit
2018                  2017                  2016                    2017-2018               2016-2017
dollar /                 dollar /
point                       point change                     change
(dollars in millions)
gross profit                       $1,220.4              $1,221.5              $958.6           $(1.1         )            $262.9
percent of total revenues              58.1   %              57.2   %            54.7   %       0.9                           2.5
30
gross profit as a percent of total revenues increased from 2017 to 2018 by 0.9 points, primarily due to favorable product mix in system test, semiconductor test, and lower product costs in industrial automation.
gross profit as a percent of total revenues increased from 2016 to 2017 by 2.5 points, as a result of a 1.5 point increase related to favorable product mix in semiconductor test and a 1.0 point increase due to higher sales primarily in semiconductor test and industrial automation.
the breakout of product and service gross profit was as follows:
2018                  2017                  2016                      2017-2018             2016-2017
dollar /              dollar /
point                 point change                change
(dollars in millions)
product gross profit                 $1,002.5              $1,023.7              $793.2                $(21.2   )            $230.5
percent of product revenues              58.0   %              57.4   %            54.6   %               0.6                   2.8
service gross profit                   $217.9                $197.7              $165.4                 $20.2                 $32.3
percent of service revenues              58.7   %              56.2   %            55.1   %               2.5                   1.1
we assess the carrying value of our inventory on a quarterly basis by estimating future demand and comparing that demand against on-hand and on-order inventory positions. forecasted revenues information is obtained from the sales and marketing groups and incorporates factors such as backlog and future consolidated revenues. this quarterly process identifies obsolete and excess inventory. obsolete inventory, which represents items for which there is no demand, is fully reserved. excess inventory, which represents inventory items that are not expected to be consumed during the next twelve quarters for our semiconductor test, industrial automation and system test segments and next four quarters for our wireless test segment, is written-down to estimated net realizable value.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded an inventory provision of $11.2 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. of the $11.2 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $6.8 million was related to semiconductor test, $2.5 million was related to wireless test, $1.2 million was related to system test, and $0.7 million was related to industrial automation.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded an inventory provision of $8.8 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels for certain products. of the $8.8 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $4.6 million was related to semiconductor test, $2.2 million was related to wireless test, and $1.9 million was related to system test.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded an inventory provision of $17.5 million included in cost of revenues, primarily due to downward revisions to previously forecasted demand levels. of the $17.5 million of total excess and obsolete provisions, $9.7 million was related to semiconductor test, $7.2 million was related to wireless test, and $0.6 million was related to system test.
during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we scrapped $7.0 million, $14.4 million and $15.2 million of inventory, respectively, and sold $6.7 million, $7.5 million and $10.0 million of previously written-down or written-off inventory, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, we had inventory related reserves for amounts which had been written-down or written-off totaling $100.8 million. we have no pre-determined timeline to scrap the remaining inventory.
31
selling and administrative selling and administrative expenses were as follows:
2018                2017                2016                      2017-2018             2016-2017
change                change
(dollars in millions)
selling and administrative          $390.7              $348.9              $316.5                 $41.8                 $32.4
percent of total revenues             18.6   %            16.3   %            18.1   %
the increase of $41.8 million in selling and administrative expenses from 2017 to 2018 was due primarily to higher spending in industrial automation related to higher sales and marketing spending in universal robots and due to the acquisitions of mir and energid in 2018, partially offset by lower variable compensation across all segments.
the increase of $32.4 million in selling and administrative expenses from 2016 to 2017 was due primarily to higher variable compensation across all segments and higher spending in universal robots, partially offset by lower spending in wireless test.
engineering and development engineering and development expenses were as follows:
2018                2017                2016                    2017-2018               2016-2017
change                     change
(dollars in millions)
engineering and development          $301.5              $307.3              $292.2           $(5.8         )             $15.1
percent of total revenues              14.4   %            14.4   %            16.7   %
the decrease of $5.8 million in engineering and development expenses from 2017 to 2018 was due primarily to lower spending in system test and semiconductor test, and lower variable compensation, partially offset by higher spending in industrial automation.
the increase of $15.1 million in engineering and development expenses from 2016 to 2017 was due primarily to higher variable compensation across all segments and higher spending in system test and industrial automation, partially offset by lower spending in wireless test and semiconductor test.
acquired intangible assets amortization acquired intangible assets amortization expense was as follows:
2018              2017              2016                    2017-2018           2016-2017
change           change
(dollars in millions)
acquired intangible assets amortization         $39.2             $30.5             $52.6                  $8.7           $(22.1        )
percent of total revenues                         1.9   %           1.4   %           3.0   %
acquired intangible assets amortization expense increased from 2017 to 2018 primarily due to industrial automation segment acquisitions of mir and energid in 2018.
acquired intangible assets amortization expense decreased from 2016 to 2017 primarily in the wireless test segment due to the impairment of acquired intangible assets in the second quarter of 2016 and in the industrial automation segment due to intangible assets that became fully amortized in june 2017.
32
goodwill impairment we assess goodwill for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter, as of december 31, or on an interim basis between annual tests when events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. in the second quarter of 2016, the wireless test reporting unit (which is our wireless test operating and reportable segment) reduced headcount by 11% as a result of a sharp decline in projected demand attributable to an estimated smaller future wireless test market. the decrease in projected demand was due to lower forecasted buying from our largest wireless test segment customer (which had contributed between 51% and 73% of annual wireless test sales since the litepoint acquisition in 2011 through 2015) as a result of the customer’s numerous operational efficiencies; slower smartphone growth rates; and a slowdown of new wireless technology adoption. we considered the headcount reduction and sharp decline in projected demand to be a triggering event for an interim goodwill impairment test. following the interim goodwill impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $254.9 million in the second quarter of 2016. the fourth quarter 2018, 2017 and 2016 goodwill impairment tests did not identify any goodwill impairments.
acquired intangible assets impairment we review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. if undiscounted cash flows for the asset are less than the carrying amount, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the cash flow estimates used to determine the impairment contain management’s best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at that time. as a result of the wireless test segment goodwill impairment charge in the second quarter of 2016, we performed an impairment test of the wireless test segment’s intangible and long-lived assets based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the assets. as a result of the analysis, we recorded an $83.3 million impairment charge in the second quarter of 2016 in acquired intangible assets impairment on the statements of operations.
restructuring and other during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded an expense of $17.7 million for the increase in the fair value of the mir contingent consideration liability, $8.7 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions primarily in semiconductor test, and $4.5 million for acquisition related expenses and compensation, partially offset by a gain of $16.7 million from the decrease in the fair value of the universal robots contingent consideration liability.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded an expense of $7.8 million for the increase in the fair value of the universal robots contingent consideration liability, $3.8 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions primarily in semiconductor test, $1.1 million for an impairment of fixed assets in semiconductor test, $1.0 million for a lease impairment of a wireless test facility in sunnyvale, ca, which was terminated in september 2017, and $0.8 million of expenses related to an earthquake in kumamoto, japan, partially offset by $5.1 million of property insurance recovery related to the japan earthquake.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded an expense of $15.9 million for the increase in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, of which $15.3 million was related to universal robots and $0.6 million was related to avionics interface technologies, llc (“ait”), $6.0 million of severance charges related to headcount reductions primarily in wireless test, $4.2 million for an impairment of fixed assets, and $0.9 million for expenses related to an earthquake in kumamoto, japan, partially offset by $5.1 million of property insurance recovery related to the japan earthquake.
33
the remaining accrual for severance of $1.0 million is reflected in the accrued employees’ compensation and withholdings on the balance sheet and is expected to be paid by april 2019.
interest and other
2018                2017                 2016                     2017-2018          2016-2017
change          change
(in millions)
interest income                      $(26.7   )       $(17.8       )       $(9.3       )            $(8.9   )      $(8.5         )
interest expense                       31.3           21.7                 3.6                        9.6          18.1
other (income) expense, net             1.4                 (2.9   )            (2.3   )              4.3                 (0.6   )
interest income increased by $8.9 million from 2017 to 2018 due primarily to higher interest rates and realized gains on sales of marketable securities. interest income increased by $8.5 million from 2016 to 2017 due primarily to higher cash and marketable securities balances and higher interest rates.
interest expense increased by $9.6 million from 2017 to 2018 due primarily to recognizing unrealized losses on equity marketable securities, and by $18.1 million from 2016 to 2017 due primarily to interest expense related to our convertible senior notes.
other (income) expense, net changed by $4.3 million, from $2.9 million income in 2017 to $1.4 million expense in 2018 due primarily to lower pension actuarial gains in 2018, and higher foreign exchange losses, partially offset by lower non service pension costs. other (income) expense, net decreased by $0.6 million from 2016 to 2017 due primarily to pension actuarial gains.
income (loss) before income taxes
2018                  2017                 2016                      2017-2018                2016-2017
change                      change
(in millions)
semiconductor test                 $397.6               $491.4                 $311.9          $(93.8         )            $179.5
system test                          48.9                 10.3                   28.9          38.6                         (18.6   )
wireless test                        29.1                 17.4                 (371.4   )      11.7                         388.8
industrial automation                 7.7                  8.8                  (16.8   )              (1.1   )              25.6
corporate and other (1)             (15.4   )             (3.4   )               (7.7   )             (12.1   )               4.4
$467.8               $524.4                 $(55.1   )      $(56.6         )            $579.5
(1)                                                         included in corporate and other are the following: contingent consideration adjustments, pension and postretirement plans actuarial (gains)
and losses, impairment of fixed assets and expenses related to the japan earthquake, property insurance recovery and proceeds, interest (income) and expense, net foreign exchange (gains) and losses, intercompany eliminations and acquisition related charges.

the decrease in income before income taxes in semiconductor test from 2017 to 2018 was driven primarily by a decrease in sales in the mobility and microcontroller test segments, partially offset by an increase in memory and analog test segments sales and an increase in service revenues. the increase in income before income taxes in system test from 2017 to 2018 was primarily due to higher system sales in production board test, and higher sales of 3.5” hard disk drive and system level testers in storage test. the increase in income before income taxes in wireless test from 2017 to 2018 was primarily due to higher demand for next generation wireless products. the decrease in income before income taxes in industrial automation from 2017 to 2018 was due primarily to increased intangible assets amortization expense from the acquisitions of mir and energid in 2018.
34
the increase in income before income taxes in semiconductor test from 2016 to 2017 was driven primarily by increased sales and higher gross margin due to favorable product mix. the increase in income before income taxes in wireless test from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to goodwill and intangible assets impairment charges in 2016, lower intangible assets amortization, lower operating expenses, higher demand for connectivity test systems and higher service revenue in 2017. the decrease in income before income taxes in system test from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to lower sales in storage test of 3.5” hard disk drive testers for cloud storage and increased spending for new product development. the increase in income before income taxes in industrial automation was due primarily to higher demand for collaborative robots.
income taxes income tax expense for 2018 and 2017 totaled $16.0 and $266.7 million, respectively. income tax benefit for 2016 totaled $11.6 million. the effective tax rate for 2018, 2017 and 2016 was 3.4%, 50.9%, and 21.1%, respectively.
the increase in the effective tax rate from 2016 to 2017 and the decrease in the effective tax rate from 2017 to 2018 are primarily attributable to the effect of changes in u.s. federal tax law. on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the “tax reform act”), making significant changes to the internal revenue code. among other changes, the tax reform act permanently reduces the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017, shifts the u.s. tax regime from a worldwide system to a modified territorial tax system and requires companies to pay a transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred.
we recorded a provisional amount of $186.0 million of additional income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2017 which represented our best estimate of the impact of the tax reform act in accordance with our understanding of the tax reform act and available guidance as of that date. the $186.0 million is primarily composed of expense of $161.0 million related to the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, $33.6 million of expense related to the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future, and benefit of $10.3 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions. in accordance with the requirements of sec staff accounting bulletin (“sab”) no. 118, “income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act”, in the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our analysis of the effect of the tax reform act based on the application of the most recently available guidance as of december 31, 2018 and recorded $49.5 million of net income tax benefit. the net benefit consisted of $51.7 million of benefit resulting from a reduction in the estimate of the one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and an expense of $2.2 million associated with the impact of correlative adjustments on uncertain tax positions.
the change in the effective tax rate from 2017 to 2018 was also impacted by a shift in the geographic distribution of income which increased income subject to taxation in the u.s. relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions, the benefit of the u.s. foreign derived intangible income deduction and increases in discrete benefit from non-taxable foreign exchange gains and losses.
the change in the effective rate from 2016 to 2017 was also impacted by the u.s. non-deductible goodwill impairment charge recorded in 2016, a shift in the geographic distribution of income which increased income subject to taxation in the u.s. relative to lower tax rate jurisdictions, decreases in the discrete benefits from tax reserve releases, increases in discrete expense from non-taxable foreign exchange gains and losses and an increase in the discrete benefit from stock-based compensation.
we qualify for a tax holiday in singapore by fulfilling the requirements of an agreement with the singapore economic development board under which certain headcount and spending requirements must be met. the tax savings attributable to the singapore tax holiday for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $11.9 million or $0.06 per diluted share, $24.8 million or $0.12 per diluted share and $17.0 million or $0.08 per diluted share, respectively. the tax holiday is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2020.
35
contractual obligations the following table reflects our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018:
payments due by period total                     less than                1-3                               3-5           more than               other
1 year                   years                           years           5 years
(in thousands)
convertible debt                                                            $460,000                  $—                       $—                           $460,000           $—                      $—
purchase obligations                                                                242,052                  232,533                   9,519                       —                  —                      —
retirement plans contributions                                                      122,294                    4,919                  10,455                  10,136                  96,784                 —
transition tax payable (1)                                                           91,186                    7,295                  14,590                  14,590                  54,711
operating lease obligations                                                          76,055                   19,570                  31,871                  15,142                  9,472                  —
interest on long term debt                                                           28,750                    5,750                  11,500                  11,500                  —                      —
fair value of contingent consideration                                               70,543                   34,865                  35,678                       —                  —                      —
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet under gaap (2)            90,959                        —                  27,631                   5,119                  —                      58,209
total                                                                       $1,181,839                $304,932                 $141,244                     $516,487           $160,967                $58,209
(1)   represents the transition tax liability associated with our accumulated foreign earnings as a result of enactment of the tax reform act on december 22, 2017.

(2)                                                            included in other long-term liabilities are liabilities for customer advances, extended warranty, uncertain tax positions, deferred tax liabilities and other obligations. for certain long-term obligations, we are unable to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future payments relating to these obligations and therefore we included these amounts in the column marked
“other.”

liquidity and capital resources our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance decreased by $699 million from 2017 to 2018 to $1,205 million.
operating activities during 2018 provided cash of $476.9 million. changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of $163.5 million. this was due to a $105.8 million increase in operating assets and a $57.7 million decrease in operating liabilities.
the increase in operating assets was due to a $58.4 million increase in prepayments and other assets due primarily to payments to our contract manufacturers, a $29.5 million increase in inventories, and a $17.9 million increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2018 comparing to 2017.
the decrease in operating liabilities was due to a $80.4 million decrease in income taxes, primarily related to a decrease in our transitional tax liability associated with our accumulated foreign earnings under the u.s. tax reform act, a $5.5 million decrease in other accrued liabilities and $4.3 million of retirement plans contributions, partially offset by a $13.4 million increase in customer advance payments and deferred revenue, a $12.9 million increase in accounts payable, and a $6.3 million increase in accrued employee compensation due primarily to variable compensation.
investing activities during 2018 provided cash of $923.0 million, due to $1,270.4 million and $846.1 million in proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities, respectively, proceeds from a government subsidy of $7.9 million for property, plant and equipment, and proceeds from life insurance of $1.1 million related to the cash surrender value from the cancellation of a teradyne owned life insurance policy, partially offset by $918.7 million used for purchase of marketable securities, $169.5 million used for acquisition of mir and energid, and $114.4 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment.
36
financing activities during 2018 used cash of $903.4 million, due to $823.5 million used for the repurchase of 21.6 million shares of common stock at an average price of $38.06 per share, $67.3 million used for dividend payments, $20.0 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, and $13.6 million used for a payment related to universal robots acquisition contingent consideration, partially offset by $21.0 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans.
operating activities during 2017 provided cash of $626.5 million. changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $183.1 million. this was due to a $33.4 million increase in operating assets and a $216.5 million increase in operating liabilities.
the increase in operating assets was due to an $80.6 million increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales, partially offset by a $45.0 million decrease in inventories and a $2.3 million decrease in prepayments and other assets.
the increase in operating liabilities was due to a $173.8 million increase in income taxes, primarily related to the estimated impact of u.s. tax reform act, a $30.9 million increase in accrued employee compensation due primarily to variable compensation, a $24.0 million increase in other accrued liabilities, and a $5.0 million increase in customer advance payments and deferred revenue, partially offset by an $11.3 million decrease in accounts payable and $5.9 million of retirement plans contributions.
investing activities during 2017 used cash of $262.8 million, due to $1,391.9 million used for purchases of marketable securities and $105.4 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $701.7 million and $527.7 million, respectively, and proceeds from property insurance of $5.1 million related to the japan earthquake.
financing activities during 2017 used cash of $245.2 million, due to $200.3 million used for repurchase of 5.8 million shares of common stock at an average price of $34.30 per share, $55.4 million used for dividend payments, $12.9 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards, and $1.1 million used for a payment related to ait acquisition contingent consideration, partially offset by $24.5 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans.
operating activities during 2016, provided cash of $455.2. changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $49.0 million. this was due to a $33.4 million decrease in operating assets and a $15.6 million increase in operating liabilities.
the decrease in operating assets was due to an $18.3 million decrease in accounts receivable due to increased collections and a $34.3 million decrease in inventories, partially offset by a $19.2 million increase in prepayments and other assets.
the increase in operating liabilities was due to an $18.4 million increase in income taxes, a $3.9 million increase in accounts payable, and a $6.7 million increase in other accrued liabilities, partially offset by a $3.8 million decrease in accrued employee compensation due primarily to variable compensation, $6.0 million of retirement plans contributions and a $3.6 million decrease in customer advance payments and deferred revenue.
investing activities during 2016 used cash of $640.5 million, due to $1,656.3 million used for purchases of marketable securities and $85.3 million used for purchases of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities of $243.2 million and $852.8 million, respectively, and proceeds from property insurance of $5.1 million related to the japan earthquake.
financing activities during 2016 provided cash of $228.4 million, due to $450.8 million of proceeds from the issuance of senior convertible notes, net of issuance costs, $67.9 million of proceeds from the issuance of
37
warrants, $20.5 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase and stock option plans, and $6.2 million from the tax benefit related to employee stock compensation awards, partially offset by $146.3 million used for the repurchase of 6.8 million shares of common stock at an average price of $21.39 per share, $100.8 million used for the purchase of convertible note hedges, $48.6 million used for dividend payments, $11.7 million used for a payment related to the universal robots acquisition contingent consideration and $9.4 million used for payments related to net settlement of employee stock compensation awards.
in january 2018, may 2018, august 2018 and november 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share. total dividend payments in 2018 were $67.3 million.
in january 2017, may 2017, august 2017 and november 2017, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.07 per share. total dividend payments in 2017 were $55.4 million.
in january 2016, may 2016, august 2016 and november 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share. total dividend payments in 2016 were $48.6 million.
in january 2019, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.09 per share to be paid on march 22, 2019 to shareholders of record as of february 22, 2019. payment of future cash dividends are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition.
in january 2015, our board of directors cancelled the november 2010 stock repurchase program and authorized a new stock repurchase program for up to $500 million of common stock. in 2016, we repurchased 6.8 million shares of common stock at an average price of $21.39, for a total cost of $146.3 million. the cumulative repurchases as of december 31, 2016 totaled 22.5 million shares of common stock for $446 million at an average price per share of $19.87.
in december 2016, our board of directors cancelled the january 2015 stock repurchase program and approved a new $500 million share repurchase authorization which commenced on january 1, 2017. the cumulative repurchases as of december 31, 2017 totaled 5.8 million shares of common stock for $200.3 million at an average price per share of $34.30.
in january 2018, our board of directors cancelled the december 2016 stock repurchase program and authorized a new stock repurchase program for up to $1.5 billion of common stock. the cumulative repurchases as of december 31, 2018 totaled 21.6 million shares of common stock for $823.5 million at an average price per share of $38.06. we intend to repurchase $500 million in 2019.
we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance will be sufficient to pay our quarterly dividend, execute our authorized share repurchase program and meet our working capital and expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. we also have a $350 million revolving credit facility. as of march 1, 2019 we have not borrowed any funds under this credit facility. inflation has not had a significant long-term impact on earnings.
retirement plans asc 715-20, “compensation—retirement benefits—defined benefit plans,” requires an employer with defined benefit plans or other postretirement benefit plans to recognize an asset or a liability on its balance sheet for the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as defined by asc 715-20. the pension asset or liability represents the difference between the fair value of the pension plan’s assets and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31. for other postretirement benefit plans, the liability is the difference between the fair value of the plan’s assets and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31.
38
for the year ended december 31, 2018, our pension expense, which includes the u.s. qualified pension plan (“u.s. plan”), certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries, and a u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit plan, was approximately $0.3 million. pension expense or income is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions. discount rate and expected return on assets are two assumptions which are important elements of pension plan expense (income) and asset/liability measurement. we evaluate our discount rate and expected rate of return on assets assumptions annually on a plan and country specific basis. we evaluate other assumptions related to demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover periodically, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future.
in developing the expected return on u.s. plan assets assumption, we evaluated input from our investment manager and pension consultants, including their forecast of asset class return expectations. we believe that 4.25% was an appropriate rate of return on assets to use for 2018. the december 31, 2018 asset allocation for our u.s. plan was 94% invested in fixed income securities, 5% invested in equity securities, and 1% invested in other securities. our investment manager regularly reviews the actual asset allocation and periodically rebalances the portfolio to ensure alignment with our target allocations.
we recognize net actuarial gains and losses and the change in the fair value of plans assets in our operating results in the year in which they occur or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans. we calculate the expected return on plan assets using the fair value of the plan assets. actuarial gains and losses are generally measured annually as of december 31 and, accordingly, recorded during the fourth quarter of each year or upon any interim remeasurement of the plans.
the discount rate that we utilized for determining future pension obligations for the u.s. plan is based on the ftse pension index adjusted for the u.s. plan’s expected cash flows and was 4.15% at december 31, 2018, up from 3.40% at december 31, 2017. we estimate that in 2019 we will recognize approximately $0.4 million of pension expense for the u.s. plan. the u.s. plan pension expense estimate for 2019 is based on a 4.15% discount rate and a 4.25% return on assets. future pension expense or income will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the employee population participating in our pension plans.
as of december 31, 2018, our pension plans had unrecognized pension prior service cost of $0.1 million.
we performed a sensitivity analysis, which expresses the potential u.s. plan (income) expense for the year ending december 31, 2019, which would result from changes to either the discount rate or the expected return on plan assets. the below estimates exclude the impact of any potential actuarial gains or losses. it is difficult to reliably forecast or predict whether there will be any actuarial gains or losses in 2019 as they are primarily driven by events and circumstances beyond our control, such as changes in interest rates and the performance of the financial markets.
discount rate return on plan assets       3.65%               4.15%               4.65%
(in millions)
3.75%        $0.9                $1.1                $1.2
4.25%         0.2                 0.4                 0.5
4.75%        (0.5   )            (0.3   )            (0.2   )
the assets of the u.s. plan consist substantially of fixed income securities. u.s. plan assets have decreased from $324.5 million at december 31, 2017 to $144.3 million at december 31, 2018 while the u.s. plan’s liability decreased from $307.0 million at december 31, 2017 to $127.4 million at december 31, 2018. the decrease in assets and liabilities for the u.s. plan is due primarily to the purchase of a group annuity insurance contract in 2018. under the group annuity, the accrued pension obligations for approximately 1,700 retiree participants were transferred to an insurance company. the reduction in the pension benefit obligation and pension assets was $151.3 million. we recorded a settlement loss of $0.3 million related to the retiree group annuity transaction.
39
our funding policy is to make contributions to our pension plans in accordance with local laws and to the extent that such contributions are tax deductible. during 2018, we made contributions of $2.6 million to the u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan, and $0.8 million to certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries. in 2019, we expect to contribute approximately $2.7 million to the u.s. supplemental executive defined benefit pension plan. contributions to be made in 2019 to certain qualified plans for non-u.s. subsidiaries are based on local statutory requirements and are estimated at approximately $0.9 million.
equity compensation plans in addition to our 1996 employee stock purchase plan discussed in note o: “stock-based compensation” in notes to consolidated financial statements, we have a 2006 equity and cash compensation incentive plan (the “2006 equity plan”) under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. the 2006 equity plan was initially approved by stockholders on may 25, 2006.
at our annual meeting of stockholders held may 21, 2013, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 equity plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 10.0 million, for an aggregate of 32.0 million shares issuable thereunder, and our stockholders also approved an amendment to our 1996 employee stock purchase plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by 5.0 million, for an aggregate of 30.4 million shares issuable thereunder. at our annual meeting of stockholders held may 12, 2015, our stockholders approved an amendment to the 2006 equity plan to extend its term until may 12, 2025.
the following table presents information about these plans as of december 31, 2018 (share numbers in thousands):
plan category                                   number of securities                   weighted-average   number of securities remaining to                                       exercise price   available for future issuance be issued upon                                       of   under equity compensation exercise of                        outstanding options,   plans outstanding                         warrants and rights   (excluding securities options,                                                  reflected in column one)
warrants and rights equity plans approved by shareholders                             2,785   (1)                    $27.82                     10,377            (2)
equity plans not approved by shareholders (3)   175                                                2.49                     —
total                                                             2,960                           19.06                     10,377
(1)   includes 2,454,259 shares of restricted stock units that are not included in the calculation of the weighted average exercise price.

(2)   consists of 7,873,477 securities available for issuance under the 2006 equity plan and 2,504,492 of securities available for issuance under the employee stock purchase plan.

(3)                                                         in connection with the 2011 acquisition of litepoint corporation (the “litepoint acquisition”), we assumed the options granted under the litepoint corporation 2002 stock plan (the “litepoint plan”). upon the consummation of the litepoint acquisition, these options were converted automatically into options to purchase an aggregate of 2,828,344 shares of our common stock.
no additional awards were granted under the litepoint plan. as of december 31, 2018, there were outstanding options exercisable for an aggregate of 175,168 shares of our common stock pursuant to the litepoint plan, with a weighted average exercise price of $2.49 per share.

the purpose of the 2006 equity plan is to motivate employees, officers and directors by providing equity ownership and compensation opportunities in teradyne. the aggregate number of shares available under the 2006 equity plan as of december 31, 2018 was 7,873,477 shares of our common stock. the 2006 equity plan authorizes the grant of stock-based awards in the form of (1) non-qualified and incentive stock options, (2) stock appreciation rights, (3) restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards, (4) phantom stock, and (5) other stock-based awards. awards may be tied to time-based vesting schedules and/or performance-based vesting
40
measured by reference to performance criteria chosen by the compensation committee of the board of directors, which administers the 2006 equity plan. awards may be made to any employee, officer, consultant and advisor of teradyne and our subsidiaries, as well as, to our directors. the maximum number of shares of stock-based awards that may be granted to one participant during any one fiscal year is 2,000,000 shares of common stock.
as of december 31, 2018, total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units and options was $44 million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years.
performance graph the following graph compares the change in our cumulative total shareholder return in our common stock with (i) the nyse composite index and (ii) the morningstar semiconductor equipment & materials industry group (compiled by morningstar, inc.). the comparison assumes $100.00 was invested on december 31, 2013 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future price performance.
recently issued accounting pronouncements on january 26, 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-04, “intangibles—goodwill and other (topic 350): simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment.” the new guidance removes step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. all other goodwill impairment guidance will remain largely unchanged. entities will continue to have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. the same one-step impairment test will be applied to goodwill at all reporting units, even those with zero or negative carrying amounts. entities will be required to disclose the amount of goodwill at reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts. the revised guidance will be applied prospectively, and is effective in 2020. early adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after january 1, 2017. we are currently evaluating the impact of this asu on our financial position, results of operations and statements of cash flows.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, “leases (topic 842).” the guidance in this asu supersedes the lease recognition requirements in asc topic 840, “leases.” the new standard establishes a right- of-use (“rou”) model that requires a lessee to record an rou asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all
41
leases with terms longer than twelve months. leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the statements of operations. the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. a modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. in july 2018, the fasb issued asu 2018-11, “leases (topic 842): targeted improvements,” which amends asu 2016-02. the new asu offers an additional transition method by which entities may elect not to recast the comparative periods presented in financial statements in the period of adoption and allows lessors to elect a practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components when certain conditions are met. this asu has the same transition requirements and effective date as asu 2016-02. we elected not to recast the comparative periods presented in financial statements in the period of adoption. we adopted this guidance in january 2019; as a result we recorded between $50 and $60 million of operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. adoption had an immaterial impact on our results of operations.
