item 1a. risk factors the following discussion sets forth some of the more important risk factors that could materially affect bb&t's financial condition and operations. when a risk factor spans several risk categories, the below risks have been listed by their primary risk category. other factors that could affect the company's financial condition and operations are discussed in the "forward-looking statements" section above. however, there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known, and factors besides those discussed below, or elsewhere in this or other reports that bb&t filed or furnished with the sec, that also could adversely affect the company.
as a result of bb&t entering into the merger agreement with suntrust, certain risk factors have been identified. these risks and the other risks associated with the proposed merger will be more fully discussed in the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be included in the registration statement on form s-4 that bb&t will file with the sec in connection with the merger.
risks relating to the proposed merger with suntrust the consummation of the merger is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including shareholder and regulatory approvals, that may be outside of bb&t's or suntrust's control and that bb&t and suntrust may be unable to satisfy or obtain or which may delay the consummation of the merger or result in the imposition of conditions that could reduce the anticipated benefits from the merger or cause the parties to abandon the merger.
consummation of the merger is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, some of which are beyond bb&t's and suntrust's control, including, among others:
•   adoption of the merger agreement by suntrust's shareholders and by bb&amp;t's shareholders;
•   authorization for listing on the nyse of the shares of bb&amp;t common stock to be issued in the merger, subject to official notice of issuance;
•   the receipt of required regulatory approvals, including the approval of the frb, the fdic, the nccob and the georgia department of banking and finance;
•   effectiveness of the registration statement on form s-4 for the bb&amp;t common stock to be issued in the merger; and
•   the absence of any order, injunction, decree or other legal restraint preventing the completion of the merger or making the completion of the merger illegal.
each party's obligation to complete the merger is also subject to certain additional customary conditions, including:
•   subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party;
•   performance in all material respects by the other party of its obligations under the merger agreement; and
•   receipt by such party of an opinion from its counsel to the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the irc.
these conditions to the closing of the merger may not be fulfilled in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may not be completed. in addition, the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after receipt of the requisite approvals by bb&t's or suntrust's shareholders, or bb&t or suntrust may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances.
as a condition to granting required regulatory approvals, governmental entities may impose conditions, limitations or costs, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of bb&t after the closing of the merger. such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could, among other things, have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or of imposing additional costs or limitations on bb&t following the merger, any of which may have an adverse effect on bb&t following the merger.
bb&t and suntrust may also be subject to lawsuits challenging the merger, and adverse rulings in these lawsuits may delay or prevent the merger from being completed or require bb&t or suntrust to incur significant costs to defend or settle these lawsuits. any delay in completing the merger could cause bb&t not to realize, or to be delayed in realizing, some or all of the benefits that bb&t expects to achieve if the merger is successfully completed within its expected time frame.
bb&t corporation 16
bb&t may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. bb&t may also encounter significant difficulties in integrating with suntrust.
bb&t and suntrust have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. the success of the merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on bb&t's ability to successfully integrate suntrust's operations in a manner that results in various benefits and that does not materially disrupt existing customer relationships or result in decreased revenues due to loss of customers. the process of integrating operations could result in a loss of key personnel or cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined company's businesses. inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies could adversely affect the combined company. the diversion of management's attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of suntrust's operations could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operating results and prospects of the combined company.
if bb&t experiences difficulties in the integration process, including those listed above, bb&t may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger in a timely manner or at all.
while the merger is pending, bb&t will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could adversely affect its business and operations.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees, customers and other persons with whom bb&t or suntrust have a business relationship may have an adverse effect on bb&t's business, operations and stock price. existing customers of bb&t and suntrust could decide to no longer do business with bb&t, suntrust or the combined company, reducing the anticipated benefits of the merger. bb&t and suntrust are also subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of their respective businesses while the merger is pending. as a result, certain other projects may be delayed or abandoned and business decisions could be deferred. employee retention at suntrust and bb&t may be challenging before completion of the merger, as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, and these retention challenges will require bb&t to incur additional expenses in order to retain key employees. if key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with bb&t, suntrust or the combined company, the benefits of the merger could be materially diminished.
bb&t is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the merger and the integration with suntrust.
both bb&t and suntrust will incur substantial expenses in connection with the merger and integration. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated. while bb&t has assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred, there are many factors beyond bb&t's control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that bb&t expects to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale. the amount and timing of any charges to earnings as a result of merger or integration expenses are uncertain at present.
bb&t's future results will suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the merger.
following the merger, the size of bb&t's business will increase significantly beyond its current size. bb&t's future success depends, in part, upon the ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances bb&t will be successful or that bb&t will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the merger.
compliance risk changes in banking laws could have a material adverse effect on bb&t.
bb&t is extensively regulated under federal and state banking laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the dif and the banking system as a whole. in addition, bb&t is subject to changes in federal and state laws as well as changes in banking and credit regulations and governmental economic and monetary policies. any of these changes could adversely and materially affect bb&t. the regulatory environment for financial institutions entails significant potential increases in compliance requirements and associated costs, including those related to consumer credit, with a focus on mortgage lending.
federal and state banking regulators also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. these supervisory actions may result in higher capital requirements, higher deposit insurance premiums and limitations on bb&t's activities that could have a material adverse effect on its business and profitability.
17 bb&t corporation for example, as discussed in "regulatory considerations" above, the fdic adopted a final rule that imposed a dif assessment surcharge for banks with total assets of at least $10 billion. the surcharge became effective july 1, 2016 and ended on september 30, 2018 at which time the dif reached the target level. bb&t incurred incremental regulatory charges of $63 million for 2018, $84 million for 2017 and $42 million for 2016 while the surcharge was imposed.
the dodd-frank act, and its related rulemaking activities, may result in lower revenues, higher costs and ratings downgrades. in addition, failure to meet the frb's capital planning and adequacy requirements and liquidity requirements under the dodd-frank act and other banking laws may limit the ability to pay dividends, pursue acquisitions and repurchase common stock.
the dodd-frank act represents a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry, addressing, among other things, systemic risk, capital adequacy, deposit insurance assessments, consumer financial protection, interchange fees, derivatives, lending limits, and changes among the bank regulatory agencies. under dodd-frank, bb&t is deemed to be a "systemically important" institution subject to certain enhanced prudential standards imposed by the frb. federal agencies continue to implement the provisions of the dodd-frank act. certain of these provisions remain subject to further rulemaking, guidance and interpretation by the applicable federal regulators. additionally, the cfpb has finalized a number of significant rules that impact nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of a residential mortgage. these rules implement the dodd-frank act amendments to the equal credit opportunity act, the truth in lending act and the real estate settlement procedures act. these rules have a direct impact on bb&t's operations, as bb&t is both a mortgage originator and a servicer.
due to bb&t's size, it is subject to additional regulations such as the "living will" requirements relating to the rapid and orderly resolution of systemically important financial institutions in the event of material financial distress or failure. bb&t cannot predict the additional effects that compliance with the dodd-frank act or any regulations will have on bb&t's businesses or its ability to pursue future business opportunities. additional regulations resulting from the dodd-frank act may materially adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition or results of operations. see "regulatory considerations" for additional information regarding the dodd-frank act and its impact upon bb&t.
bb&t is subject to enhanced capital requirements and may be subject to more stringent capital requirements, which could diminish its ability to pay dividends or require bb&t to reduce its operations.
the dodd-frank act requires federal banking agencies to establish more stringent risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits applicable to banks and bhcs. the frb approved final rules that established a new comprehensive capital framework for u.s. banking organizations and established a more conservative definition of capital. these requirements, known as basel iii, became effective on january 1, 2015, and as a result, bb&t became subject to enhanced minimum capital and leverage ratios. these requirements, and any other new regulations, including those that have been proposed but not yet implemented as a result of the requirements established by the bcbs, could adversely affect bb&t's ability to pay dividends or raise capital, or could require bb&t to limit certain business activities, which may adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition. bb&t currently qualifies as a standardized approach banking organization under basel iii. financial institutions with greater than $250 billion in assets or $10 billion in foreign assets are considered advanced approaches banking organizations, which are subject to a more complex calculation of rwa that includes an assessment of the impact of operational risk, among other requirements. in october 2018, the federal banking agencies proposed revisions that would tailor rules for large banking companies based on risk profile. see additional disclosures in the "regulatory considerations" section. should the proposed rule not become final, bb&t would need to comply with the advanced approaches requirements after the pending merger with suntrust. these more stringent requirements, or bb&t's failure to properly comply with them, could materially and adversely impact bb&t's financial results and regulatory status if the requirements become applicable to bb&t. in addition, the costs associated with complying with more stringent capital requirements, such as the requirement to formulate and submit capital plans based on pre-defined stress scenarios on an annual basis, could have a material adverse effect on bb&t. see "regulatory considerations" for additional information regarding the capital requirements under the dodd-frank act and basel iii.
for example, bb&t is subject to assessment by the frb as part of the ccar program. ccar is an exercise required by the frb to ensure that institutions have forward-looking capital planning processes that account for their risks and sufficient capital to continue operations throughout times of economic and financial stress. bb&t cannot be certain that the frb will have no objections to bb&t's future capital plans submitted through the ccar program. failure to pass the ccar review could adversely affect bb&t's ability to pay dividends, enter into acquisitions and repurchase common stock.
bb&t corporation 18
bb&t is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, which can lead to costly enforcement actions while increasing the cost of doing business and limiting bb&t's ability to generate revenue.
the financial services industry is subject to intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with anti-money laundering, bank secrecy act and office of foreign assets control efforts, and economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and nationals. federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. this enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputation damage or restrictions on business.
in addition, federal bank regulatory agencies are required to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering activities and other regulatory compliance matters when reviewing bank mergers and bhc acquisitions and, consequently, non-compliance with the applicable regulations could materially impair bb&t's ability to enter into or complete mergers and acquisitions. emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies could limit bb&t's ability to track the movement of funds. bb&t's ability to comply with bsa/aml and other regulations is dependent on its ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability.
for example, as discussed in "regulatory considerations" above, branch bank entered into a consent order with the fdic and the nccob in december 2016 and bb&t entered into a cease and desist order with the frb and nccob in january 2017. the orders call for corrective actions and enhancements to address certain internal control deficiencies within the bsa/aml compliance program. although the nccob and fdic have exited the consent order, the frb has not. bb&t's and branch bank's ability to pursue mergers and acquisitions may be limited for a period of time, including bb&t's potential merger with suntrust. see additional risk factors under the heading "risks relating to the proposed merger with suntrust."
issuance of new tax guidance or differences in interpretation of tax laws and regulations may adversely impact bb&t's financial statements.
local, state or federal tax authorities may interpret tax laws and regulations differently than bb&t, including the tax cuts and jobs act, and challenge tax positions that bb&t has taken on its tax returns. this may result in differences in the treatment of revenues, deductions or credits and/or differences in the timing of these items. the differences in treatment may result in payment of additional taxes, interest or penalties that could have a material adverse effect on financial results. potential litigation related to bb&t could adversely affect bb&t's financial position or results of operations.
changes in tax laws contained in the tax cuts and jobs act include a number of provisions that will have an impact on the banking industry, borrowers and the market for single-family residential real estate. changes include (i) a lower limit on the deductibility of mortgage interest on single-family residential mortgage loans, (ii) the elimination of interest deductions for home equity loans, (iii) a limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense and (iv) a limitation on the deductibility of property taxes and state and local income taxes.
the recent changes in the tax laws may have an adverse effect on the market for, and valuation of, residential properties, and on the demand for such loans in the future, and could make it harder for borrowers to make their loan payments. in addition, these recent changes may also have a disproportionate effect on taxpayers in states with high residential home prices and high state and local taxes. if home ownership becomes less attractive, demand for mortgage loans could decrease. the value of the properties securing loans in bb&t's loan portfolio may be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics of home ownership, which could require an increase in bb&t's provision for loan losses, which would reduce its profitability and could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.
19 bb&t corporation credit risk changes in national, regional and local economic conditions and deterioration in the geographic and financial markets in which bb&t operates could lead to higher loan charge-offs and reduce net income and growth.
bb&t's business is subject to fluctuations based on national, regional and local economic conditions, as well as conditions that may be specific to particular sectors or industries. these fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material adverse impact on bb&t's operations and financial condition even if other favorable events occur. bb&t's banking operations are primarily locally oriented and community-based. accordingly, bb&t expects to continue to be dependent upon local business conditions as well as conditions in the local residential and cre markets it serves. for example, an increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values or increases in interest rates, as well as other factors, could weaken the economies of the communities bb&t serves. weakness in bb&t's market area could depress its earnings and consequently its financial condition because:
•   customers may not want or need bb&amp;t's products or services;
•   borrowers may not be able or willing to repay their loans;
•   the value of the collateral securing loans to borrowers may decline; and
•   the quality of bb&amp;t's loan portfolio may decline.
any of the latter three scenarios could require bb&t to charge off a higher percentage of loans and/or increase provisions for credit losses, which would reduce net income. these factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which could adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition or results of operations.
a systemic lack of available credit, a lack of confidence in the financial sector, volatility in the financial markets and/or reduced business activity could materially adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition and results of operations.
potential downgrades of u.s. government securities by one or more of the credit ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's operations, earnings and financial condition.
a possible future downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the u.s. government and a decline in the perceived creditworthiness of u.s. government-related obligations could impact bb&t's ability to obtain funding that is collateralized by affected instruments, as well as affect the pricing of that funding when it is available. a downgrade may also adversely affect the market value of such instruments. bb&t cannot predict if, when or how any changes to the credit ratings or perceived creditworthiness of these obligations will affect economic conditions. such ratings actions could result in a significant adverse impact on bb&t. for example, bb&t's securities portfolio consists largely of mbs issued by gses, such as fhlmc and fnma. among other things, a downgrade in the u.s. government's credit rating could adversely impact the value of these securities and may trigger requirements that the company post additional collateral for trades relative to these securities. a downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the u.s. government or the credit ratings of related institutions, agencies or instruments would significantly exacerbate the other risks to which bb&t is subject and any related adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect bb&t.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. bb&t has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and bb&t and certain of its subsidiaries routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutions. many of these transactions expose bb&t to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. in addition, bb&t's credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. these types of losses could materially adversely affect bb&t's results of operations or financial condition.
liquidity risk bb&t's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access the capital markets, an unforeseen outflow of cash or a reduction in the credit ratings for bb&t or its subsidiaries.
liquidity is essential to bb&t's businesses. when volatility or disruptions occur in the capital markets, bb&t's ability to access capital could be materially impaired. additionally, other factors outside of bb&t's control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties, could impair bb&t's ability to access capital markets or create an unforeseen outflow of cash or deposits. bb&t's inability to access the capital markets could constrain its ability to make new loans or meet its existing lending commitments and could ultimately jeopardize its overall liquidity and capitalization.
bb&t corporation 20
bb&t's credit ratings are also important to its liquidity. rating agencies regularly evaluate bb&t and its subsidiaries, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including the financial strength of bb&t and its subsidiaries, as well as factors not entirely within bb&t's control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. as a result, there can be no assurance that bb&t will maintain its current ratings. a reduction in bb&t's credit ratings could adversely affect bb&t's liquidity and competitive position, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets or trigger unfavorable contractual obligations. in connection with the pending suntrust merger, moody's placed bb&t's credit ratings under review for possible downgrade.
market risk instability in economic conditions and geopolitical matters as well as volatility in financial markets could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's operations, earnings and financial condition.
the macroeconomic environment in the united states is susceptible to global events and volatility. the negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from foreign sovereign debt matters, changes of trade policies and other matters could adversely affect bb&t's business, financial condition and liquidity. domestic and global political activity, geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, concerns over energy prices, trade wars and economic instability or recession in certain regions could cause turmoil and volatility in the financial markets, which could reduce the value of bb&t's assets or cause a reduction in liquidity that adversely impacts bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
changes in u.s. trade policies and other factors beyond bb&t's control, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, may adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations.
following the u.s. presidential election in 2016, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential changes to u.s. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including trade policies and tariffs affecting other countries, including china, the european union, canada and mexico and retaliatory tariffs by such countries. tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been imposed, and additional tariffs and retaliation tariffs have been proposed. such tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that bb&t's customers import or export, including among others, agricultural products, could cause the prices of its customers' products to increase, which could reduce demand for such products, or reduce its customer margins, and adversely impact their revenues, financial results and ability to service debt. this, in turn, could adversely affect bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, to the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact on bb&t or on the markets in which bb&t operates its business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted in the future. it remains unclear what the u.s. administration or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs already imposed, additional tariffs that may be imposed, or international trade agreements and policies. on november 30, 2018, the united states, canada and mexico signed a new trade deal, the u.s.-mexico-canada agreement, to replace the north american free trade agreement, which is subject to congressional approval and various components of the agreement are not effective until 2020. the full impact of this agreement on bb&t, its customers and on the economic conditions in its geographic markets is currently unknown. a trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to negatively impact bb&t's and/or its customers' costs, demand for its customers' products, and/or the u.s. economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, adversely impact bb&t's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the monetary, tax and other policies of governmental agencies, including the frb, have a significant impact on market interest rates, and bb&t's business and financial performance may be impacted significantly by such interest rates.
bb&t's businesses and earnings are affected by the monetary, tax and other policies adopted by various regulatory authorities of the u.s., non-u.s. governments and international agencies. the frb regulates the supply of money and credit in the u.s. the federal policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also materially decrease the value of certain of bb&t's financial assets, most notably debt securities. changes in the federal policies are beyond bb&t's control and, consequently, the impact of these changes on bb&t's activities and results of operations is difficult to predict.
21 bb&t corporation changes in interest rates may have an adverse effect on bb&t's profitability.
bb&t's earnings and financial condition are largely dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. the narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect bb&t's earnings and financial condition. bb&t cannot control or predict with certainty changes in interest rates. regional and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities, including monetary policies of the frb, affect interest income and interest expense. as discussed in "market risk management - interest rate market risk (other than trading)," bb&t has ongoing policies and procedures designed to manage the risks associated with changes in market interest rates. however, changes in interest rates still may have an adverse effect on bb&t's profitability. for example, rising interest rates could adversely affect bb&t's mortgage banking business because higher interest rates could cause customers to apply for fewer mortgages. similarly, rising interest rates would increase the required periodic payment for variable rate loans and may result in borrowers becoming unable to pay. additionally, rising interest rates may increase the cost of bb&t's deposits, which are a primary source of funding.
on july 27, 2017, the chief executive of the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the libor rates after 2021. in the u.s., the alternative reference rates committee of the frb and the federal reserve bank of new york identified the sofr as an alternative u.s. dollar reference interest rate. the replacement of libor creates operational and market risk which will become clear as replacement choices are developed. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes or other reforms may adversely affect bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase the company's funding costs.
deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. bb&t competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits. funding costs may increase because the company may lose deposits and replace them with more expensive sources of funding, clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products or the company may need to raise its interest rates to avoid losing deposits. higher funding costs reduce the company's nim, net interest income and net income.
operational risk bb&t faces cybersecurity risks that could result in the disruption of operations or the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect bb&t's business or reputation and create significant legal and financial exposure.
bb&t's computer systems and network infrastructure are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other means. denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions, including bb&t. as a result of these attacks, the performance of bb&t's website, bbt.com, was adversely affected, and in some instances customers were prevented from accessing bb&t's website. bb&t expects to be subject to similar attacks in the future. while events to date primarily resulted in inconvenience, future cyber attacks could be more disruptive and damaging. hacking and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and bb&t may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. bb&t may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize these risks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
despite efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, bb&t will not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, and bb&t may not be able to implement effective preventive measures against such security breaches. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce associates, customers or other users of bb&t's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. these risks may increase in the future as the company continues to increase its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications.
a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause serious negative consequences to bb&t, including disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information of bb&t or its customers, or damage to computer systems of bb&t or its customers and counterparties. a security breach could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to bb&t or to its customers, loss of confidence in bb&t's security measures, significant litigation exposure and harm to bb&t's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition or results of operations.
bb&t corporation 22
bb&t relies on its associates, systems and certain counterparties, and certain failures could materially adversely affect operations.
bb&t's business is dependent on the ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. the company could be materially adversely affected if one or more of its associates cause a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or intentionally. financial, accounting or other data processing systems may fail or have other significant shortcomings that materially adversely affect bb&t's business. in addition, bb&t continually enhances products, services and processes and may not fully identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. any of these occurrences could diminish the ability to operate one or more bus or result in potential liability to clients, increased operating expenses, higher litigation costs (including fines and sanctions), reputational damage, regulatory intervention and/or weaker competitive standing, any of which could be material to the company.
if personal, confidential or proprietary information of clients were to be mishandled or misused, significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss could occur. such mishandling or misuse could include circumstances where, for example, such information was erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either through the fault of systems, associates, or counterparties, or where such information was intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties.
bb&t may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, which may include, for example, security breaches; electrical or telecommunications outages; failures of computer servers or other damage to property or assets; natural disasters; health emergencies or pandemics; or events arising from political events, including terrorist acts. there can be no assurance that disaster recovery or other plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks. any failures or disruptions of systems or operations could impact bb&t's ability to service its clients, which could adversely affect bb&t's results of operations by subjecting bb&t to losses, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or by requiring the expenditure of significant resources to correct the failure or disruption.
significant litigation and regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on bb&t.
bb&t faces significant litigation and regulatory proceedings in its business. the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remains high. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation and regulatory proceedings, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against bb&t, there can be significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability bb&t may incur from such matters. the finding, or even the assertion, of substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against bb&t may have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to bb&t, which in turn could seriously harm bb&t's business prospects.
bb&t faces significant operational and other risks related to its activities, which could expose it to negative publicity, litigation and/or regulatory action.
bb&t is exposed to many types of operational risks, legal and compliance risk, internal or external fraud (including identity and information theft), transaction processing errors due to clerical or record-keeping mistakes or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. negative public opinion can result from bb&t's actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, activities related to asset sales and balance sheet management and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect bb&t's ability to attract and keep customers and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action.
because the nature of the financial services industry involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. bb&t's necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical flaws or associate tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. bb&t also may be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss or liability. bb&t is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as is bb&t) and to the risk that bb&t's (or its vendors') business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate.
bb&t relies on other companies to provide certain key components of its business infrastructure.
third party vendors provide certain key components of bb&t's business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and certain transaction processing. while bb&t conducts careful due diligence on third party vendors, and has established processes for ongoing vendor management and monitoring, it does not control their operations. any failure by these third parties to perform or provide agreed upon goods and services for any reason, or their poor performance of services, could adversely affect bb&t's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant delay and expense.
23 bb&t corporation bb&t may not be able to successfully integrate mergers and acquisitions.
difficulties may arise in the integration of the business and operations of bhcs, banks and non-bank entities that bb&t acquires and, as a result, bb&t may not be able to achieve the cost savings and synergies that it expects will result from such transactions. achieving cost savings is dependent on consolidating certain operational and functional areas, eliminating duplicative positions and terminating certain agreements for outside services. additional operational savings are dependent upon the integration of the acquired or merged entity's businesses with bb&t or one of bb&t's subsidiaries, the conversion of core operating systems, data systems and products and the standardization of business practices. complications or difficulties in the conversion of core operating systems, data systems and products may result in the loss of customers, damage to bb&t's reputation within the financial services industry, operational problems, one-time costs currently not anticipated or reduced cost savings resulting from such mergers or acquisitions. annual cost savings in each such transaction may be materially less than anticipated if the merger or acquisition is delayed unexpectedly, the integration of operations is delayed beyond what is anticipated or the conversion to a single set of data systems is not accomplished on a timely basis.
difficulty in integrating an acquired company may prevent bb&t from realizing expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition. the integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key associates, disruption of bb&t's businesses or the businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect bb&t's ability to maintain relationships with customers and associates or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. as a result of these and other factors, bb&t could incur losses on acquired assets and increased expenses resulting from the failure to successfully integrate an acquired company, which could adversely impact its financial condition or results of operations. see additional risk factors under the heading "risks relating to the proposed merger with suntrust."
bb&t may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect bb&t's business operations and profitability.
bb&t invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. bb&t may not be able to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in bb&t stock, among others. in addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations.
failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact bb&t's financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. in addition, bb&t may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time.
there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in bb&t's business, which may impact decisions made by management and regulators.
bb&t relies on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that bb&t's business decisions based on information incorporating model output would be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. also, information bb&t provides to the public or to its regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that the regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to bb&t's shareholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
bb&t's risk management measures may not be fully effective, which may adversely impact bb&t's ability to manage risks to its business.
management of risk, including compliance, credit, liquidity, market, operational, reputation and strategic risks, requires policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events. bb&t's risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating its risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if the models for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented. some of bb&t's methods of managing risk are based upon its use of observed historical market behavior and management's judgment. these methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. in addition, credit risk is inherent in the financial services business. bb&t's ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage and underwrite consumer and commercial customers become less predictive of future charge-offs.
bb&t corporation 24
strategic and other risk bb&t may experience significant competition from new or existing competitors, which may reduce its customer base or cause it to lower prices for its products and services in order to maintain market share.
there is intense competition among commercial banks in bb&t's market area. in addition, bb&t competes with other providers of financial services, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer finance companies, securities firms, insurance companies, commercial finance and leasing companies, the mutual funds industry, full-service brokerage firms and discount brokerage firms, some of which are subject to less extensive regulations than bb&t is with respect to the products and services they provide. bb&t's success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and customer expectations. there is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. lower prices can reduce bb&t's nim and revenues from its fee-based products and services.
in addition, the adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile applications, advanced atm functionality and cryptocurrencies could require bb&t to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. these and other capital investments in bb&t's business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. bb&t may not be successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of its products and services, anticipating or reacting to consumers' changing technological preferences or developing and maintaining loyal customers. in addition, bb&t could lose market share to the shadow banking system, non-traditional banking organizations or other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areas it deems speculative or risky, such as cryptocurrencies.
any potential adverse reactions to bb&t's financial condition or status in the marketplace, as compared to its competitors, could limit bb&t's ability to attract and retain customers and to compete for new business opportunities. the inability to attract and retain customers or to effectively compete for new business may have a material and adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition and results of operations.
bb&t also experiences competition from nonbank companies inside and outside of its market area and, in some cases, from companies other than those traditionally considered financial sector participants. in particular, technology companies focus on the financial sector and offer software and products primarily over the internet, with an increasing focus on mobile device delivery. these companies generally are not subject to the comparable regulatory burdens as financial institutions and may accordingly realize certain cost savings and offer products and services at more favorable rates and with greater convenience to the customer. for example, a number of companies offer bill pay and funds transfer services that allow customers to avoid using a bank. technology companies are generally positioned and structured to quickly adapt to technological advances and directly focus resources on implementing those advances. this competition could result in the loss of fee income and customer deposits and related income. in addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely affect bb&t's operations, and the company may be unable to develop competitive and timely new products and services in response. as the pace of technology and change advance, continuous innovation is expected to exert long-term pressure on the financial services industry.
bb&t may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions.
bb&t must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions before it can complete an acquisition of another bank or bhc, including federal and/or state regulatory approvals. in determining whether to approve a proposed bank or bhc acquisition, bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition and future prospects, including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience and integrity of management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution's record of compliance under the cra, the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities and protests from various stakeholders of both bb&t and its acquisition partner. also, under the dodd-frank act, u.s. regulators must now take systemic risk into account when evaluating whether to approve a potential acquisition transaction involving a large financial institution like bb&t. bb&t cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. in specific cases, bb&t may be required to sell banks or branches, or take other actions as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. an inability to satisfy other conditions necessary to consummate an acquisition transaction, such as third-party litigation, a judicial order blocking the transaction or lack of shareholder approval, could also prevent bb&t from completing an announced acquisition. see additional risk factors under the heading "risks relating to the proposed merger with suntrust."
25 bb&t corporation catastrophic weather-related events and other natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on bb&t.
the occurrence of events such as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornados, winter storms and other large scale catastrophes could adversely affect bb&t's financial condition or results of operations. bb&t has operations and customers along the gulf and atlantic coasts as well as other parts of the southeastern united states. such areas could be adversely impacted by such events in those regions, the nature and severity of which may be impacted by climate change and are difficult to predict. these and other unpredictable natural disasters could have an adverse effect on bb&t in that such events could materially disrupt its operations or the ability or willingness of its customers to access the financial services offered by bb&t. these events could reduce bb&t's earnings and cause volatility in its financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on bb&t's financial condition and/or results of operations.
changes in accounting standards and management's application of those standards could materially impact bb&t's financial statements.
bb&t accounting policies and methods are fundamental to the way it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. management must apply significant judgment in selecting and applying these accounting policies and methods, and these judgments have a significant impact on bb&t's financial condition and operating results. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes to bb&t's consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. further, if those assumptions were incorrectly made, bb&t could be required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. refer to "critical accounting policies" and "note 1. basis of presentation" for additional disclosures.
from time to time, the fasb changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of financial statements. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how bb&t records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. for example, in june 2016 the fasb issued an accounting standard related to credit losses that will be effective for the company effective january 1, 2020. this standard replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology with an expected credit loss methodology and requires consideration of a broader range of information to determine credit loss estimates. implementation of the standard will likely result in an increase to the allowance for credit losses, potentially materially, with a corresponding negative impact to equity. this increase to the allowance for credit losses will also adversely impact bb&t's regulatory capital position to the extent that the frb and other u.s. banking agencies do not amend existing regulatory capital rules in a manner that gives appropriate consideration to the loss-absorbing capacity associated with the anticipated increased allowance for credit loss estimate. it is also possible that bb&t's reported earnings and lending activity will be negatively impacted in periods following adoption.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview overview of significant events and financial results on february 7, 2019, bb&t and suntrust announced that both companies' boards of directors unanimously approved an agreement to combine in an all-stock merger of equals. upon closing, each suntrust share, par value of $1 per share will be exchanged for 1.295 bb&t shares, par value of $5 per share. the merger is expected to close late in the third or fourth quarter of 2019, subject to satisfaction of closing conditions. refer to the "merger with suntrust" section in item 1 for additional disclosures.
net income available to common shareholders totaled $3.1 billion for 2018, a 38.0% increase from the prior year. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for 2018 were $3.91, compared to $2.74 for 2017. bb&t's results of operations for 2018 produced a return on average assets of 1.47% and a return on average common shareholders' equity of 11.50% compared to prior year ratios of 1.09% and 8.25%, respectively. these results include merger-related and restructuring charges of $146 million for 2018 compared to $115 million for 2017.
bb&t's revenue for 2018 was $11.6 billion. on a te basis, revenue was $11.7 billion, which represents an increase of $178 million compared to 2017. net interest income on a te basis was $6.8 billion, an increase of $84 million compared to the prior year, which reflects a $683 million increase in interest income and a $599 million increase in interest expense. net interest income was up primarily due to a $2.3 billion increase in average outstanding loans and rate increases on variable loans. noninterest income increased $94 million for the year, driven by improvements in insurance income and investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions. the increase in noninterest income was partially offset by mortgage banking income, primarily resulting from a decline in residential mortgage production revenue.
nim was 3.46% for 2018, flat compared to the prior year. average earning assets increased $2.2 billion or 1.1%, while average interest-bearing liabilities increased $1.0 billion, or 0.8%, and noninterest-bearing deposits increased $946 million, or 1.8%. the annualized te yield on the total loan portfolio for 2018 was 4.77%, up 36 basis points compared to the prior year. the annualized te yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.49%, up four basis points compared to the prior year.
the provision for credit losses was $566 million, compared to $547 million for the prior year. npas decreased $42 million compared to 2017. this included a decrease of $48 million in npls primarily within commercial and industrial, residential mortgage and direct lending, partially offset by cre and indirect lending. net charge-offs for 2018 were $524 million, compared to $537 million for the prior year. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 2.98x for 2018, compared to 2.78x in 2017.
noninterest expense decreased $512 million primarily due to the loss on the early extinguishment of debt and certain one-time expenses incurred in the earlier period in connection with tax reform legislation. the actions taken associated with tax reform included a $100 million contribution to the company's philanthropic fund and $36 million for a one-time bonus paid to associates who do not generally receive incentives.
the effective tax rate was 19.8% for 2018, compared to 27.4% for the prior year. the provision for income taxes for the current year reflects the new lower federal tax rate, whereas the earlier period includes a net tax benefit related to tax reform legislation and excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans.
bb&t's total assets at december 31, 2018 were $225.7 billion, an increase of $4.1 billion compared to december 31, 2017. this includes a $5.3 billion increase in loans and leases held for investment and a $904 million increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, partially offset by a $2.0 billion decrease in the total securities portfolio. the fair value of afs securities totaled $25.0 billion at december 31, 2018, compared to $24.5 billion at december 31, 2017. the amortized cost of htm securities was $20.6 billion at december 31, 2018 compared to $23.0 billion in the prior year.
total deposits at december 31, 2018 were $161.2 billion, an increase of $3.8 billion from the prior year. time deposits increased $3.4 billion, money market and savings increased $710 million, interest checking increased $453 million and noninterest-bearing deposits decreased $742 million. the average cost of total deposits for 2018 was 0.41%, an increase of 19 basis points compared to the prior year. the average cost of interest-bearing deposits for 2018 was 0.62%, up 30 basis points compared to the prior year.
total shareholders' equity was $30.2 billion at december 31, 2018, up $483 million compared to the prior year. net income in excess of dividends totaling $1.9 billion was partially offset by $1.2 billion of share repurchases. bb&t's tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios at december 31, 2018 were 11.8% and 13.8%, respectively, compared to 11.9% and 13.9% at december 31, 2017, respectively. the cet1 ratio was 10.2% at december 31, 2018, unchanged compared to the prior year.
bb&t corporation 30
key challenges bb&t's business is dynamic and complex. consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. during this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. the achievement of key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. in the opinion of management, the challenges that are most relevant and likely to have a near term impact on performance are presented below:
•   consummation of the merger of equals with suntrust, including fully achieving the potential benefits.
•   new technologies and evolving consumer preferences will put pressure on market share and customer loyalty.
•   intense competition within the financial services industry given the challenge in growing assets.
•   global economic and geopolitical risk, including potential financial system instability.
•   cost and risk associated with regulatory initiatives and it projects.
in addition, certain other challenges and unforeseen events could have a near term impact on bb&t's financial condition and results of operations. see the sections titled "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" for additional examples of such challenges.
analysis of results of operations net interest income and nim
2018 compared to 2017
net interest income on a te basis was $6.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of $84 million compared to the same period in 2017. this increase reflects a $683 million increase in te interest income, partially offset by a $599 million increase in funding costs. the increase in interest income was primarily driven by growth in the loan and lease portfolio and rate increases on variable loans. this was partially offset by runoff in the pci portfolio. the increase in funding costs was driven by increases in interest rates.
the nim is the primary measure used in evaluating the gross profit margin from the portfolios of earning assets. the nim was 3.46% for the year ended december 31, 2018, flat compared to the same period of 2017. the annualized te yield on the average securities portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 2.49%, up four basis points compared to the same period of 2017. the annualized te yield for the total loan portfolio for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 4.77%, up 36 basis points compared to the corresponding period of 2017. the increase was primarily due to rate increases, partially offset by runoff in pci loans.
the average annualized cost of total deposits for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 0.41%, up 19 basis points compared to the prior year. the average annualized cost of interest-bearing deposits for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 0.62%, up 30 basis points compared to the prior year. the average annualized rate on short-term borrowings was 1.86% for the year ended december 31, 2018, up 92 basis points compared to the same period in 2017. the increase in the rate on short-term borrowed funds primarily reflects increases in the targeted federal funds rate, which went up 100 basis points during 2018 and was a range of 2.25% to 2.50% as of the end of 2018. the average annualized rate on long-term debt for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 2.88%, up 78 basis points compared to the same period in 2017.
31 bb&t corporation
2017 compared to 2016
for 2017, net interest income on a te basis totaled $6.7 billion, an increase of $213 million or 3.3% compared to the prior year. the increase reflects higher interest income due to rate increases and higher outstanding loans primarily due to organic loan growth. this was partially offset by runoff in pci and residential mortgage loans. interest expense increased $94 million, reflecting higher funding costs due to rate increases.
the nim was 3.46% in 2017 compared with 3.39% in 2016. the increase in the nim reflects higher yields on loans and securities, partially offset by higher funding costs. the average annualized te yield for total loans and leases was 4.41% for 2017, compared to 4.30% for the prior year. the increase was primarily due to rate increases, partially offset by runoff in pci loans. the te yield on the total securities portfolio was 2.45% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 2.33% for the prior year.
the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits for 2017 increased to 0.32%, from 0.23% in 2016. this primarily reflects the impact of rate increases.
the average rate on short-term borrowings was 0.94% in 2017, compared to 0.35% in 2016. the increase in the rate on short-term borrowings reflects the federal funds target rate increases. the average rate on long-term debt was 2.10% during 2017, compared to 2.13% in the prior year. the decline in the average rate on long-term debt reflects the impact of the early extinguishment of $2.9 billion of higher cost fhlb advances in the first quarter, partially offset by new issuances. at december 31, 2017, the targeted federal funds rate was a range of 1.25% to 1.50%.
the major components of net interest income and the related annualized yields and rates as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes are summarized below.
bb&t corporation 32
table 4: te net interest income and rate / volume analysis (1)
2018 vs. 2017                                         2017 vs. 2016
year ended december 31,                                                                   average balances (6)                                yield/rate                                              income/expense              incr.                        change due to              incr.                      change due to
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                           (decr.)                                                 (decr.)
2018                                                                            2017                  2016          2018          2017   2016                       2018                2017                2016                   rate             volume                  rate              volume assets total securities, at amortized cost: (2)
u.s. treasury                                           $3,800                $4,179                $3,061          1.89   %      1.71   %      1.67   %             $72                 $72                 $51                $-                 $7                $(7   )           $21                  $1             $20
gse                                                      2,394                 2,385                 3,601          2.23          2.22          2.13                  54                  53                  77                 1                  1                  -               (24    )              3             (27   )
agency mbs                                              39,559                37,250                36,658          2.45          2.26          2.05                 969                 841                 750               128                 74                 54                91                  79              12
states and political subdivisions                          958                 1,748                 2,361          3.68          4.77          5.20                  35                  83                 123               (48    )           (16    )           (32   )           (40    )            (10   )         (30   )
non-agency mbs                                             349                   411                   534         11.93         18.80         14.56                  42                  77                  78               (35    )           (25    )           (10   )            (1    )             19             (20   )
other                                                       40                    56                    64          3.34          2.17          1.87                   1                   1                   -                 -                  -                  -                 1                   1               -
total securities                                        47,100                46,029                46,279          2.49          2.45          2.33               1,173               1,127               1,079                46                 41                  5                48                  93             (45   )
other earning assets (3)                                 2,251                 3,484                 3,202          2.96          1.53          1.64                  67                  53                  53                14                 38                (24   )             -                  (4   )           4
loans and leases, net of unearned income: (4)(5)
commercial and industrial                               59,663                57,994                56,227          3.98          3.59          3.40               2,374               2,080               1,914               294                233                 61               166                 106              60
cre                                                     21,435                20,497                19,407          4.70          4.08          3.75               1,007                 837                 727               170                130                 40               110                  67              43
lease financing                                          1,917                 1,726                 1,524          3.19          2.82          3.01                  61                  49                  45                12                  6                  6                 4                  (3   )           7
residential mortgage                                    29,932                29,140                30,184          4.05          4.02          4.05               1,212               1,170               1,224                42                  9                 33               (54    )            (10   )         (44   )
direct                                                  11,670                11,968                11,796          5.22          4.60          4.27                 610                 550                 503                60                 74                (14   )            47                  40               7
indirect                                                17,111                17,840                17,072          7.51          6.89          6.94               1,285               1,230               1,186                55                107                (52   )            44                  (9   )          53
revolving credit                                         2,913                 2,662                 2,521          9.25          8.88          8.77                 269                 236                 221                33                 10                 23                15                   3              12
pci                                                        548                   784                 1,063         19.64         18.86         19.55                 108                 148                 208               (40    )             6                (46   )           (60    )             (7   )         (53   )
total loans and leases hfi                             145,189               142,611               139,794          4.77          4.42          4.31               6,926               6,300               6,028               626                575                 51               272                 187              85
lhfs                                                     1,228                 1,464                 1,965          4.13          3.62          3.34                  50                  53                  66                (3    )             7                (10   )           (13    )              5             (18   )
total loans and leases                                 146,417               144,075               141,759          4.77          4.41          4.30               6,976               6,353               6,094               623                582                 41               259                 192              67
total earning assets                                   195,768               193,588               191,240          4.20          3.89          3.78               8,216               7,533               7,226               683                661                 22               307                 281              26
nonearning assets                                       26,505                27,477                27,705
total assets                                          $222,273              $221,065              $218,945
liabilities and shareholders' equity interest-bearing deposits:
interest-checking                                      $26,951               $28,033               $27,595          0.43          0.25          0.14                 116                  70                  39                46                 49                 (3   )            31                  30               1
money market and savings                                62,257                63,061                62,966          0.62          0.30          0.20                 387                 190                 123               197                199                 (2   )            67                  67               -
time deposits                                           13,963                14,133                16,619          0.94          0.51          0.51                 132                  72                  85                60                 61                 (1   )           (13    )              -             (13   )
foreign deposits - interest-bearing                        494                 1,142                 1,034          1.67          1.05          0.38                   9                  12                   4                (3    )             5                 (8   )             8                   8               -
total interest-bearing deposits (7)                    103,665               106,369               108,214          0.62          0.32          0.23                 644                 344                 251               300                314                (14   )            93                 105             (12   )
short-term borrowings                                    5,955                 4,311                 2,554          1.86          0.94          0.35                 111                  41                   9                70                 50                 20                32                  23               9
long-term debt                                          23,755                21,660                22,791          2.88          2.10          2.13                 683                 454                 485               229                182                 47               (31    )             (7   )         (24   )
total interest-bearing liabilities                     133,375               132,340               133,559          1.08          0.63          0.56               1,438                 839                 745               599                546                 53                94                 121             (27   )
noninterest-bearing deposits (7)                        53,818                52,872                49,255
other liabilities                                        5,337                 5,852                 6,776
shareholders' equity                                    29,743                30,001                29,355
total liabilities and shareholders' equity            $222,273              $221,065              $218,945
average interest-rate spread                                                                                        3.12   %      3.26   %      3.22   %
nim/net interest income                                                                                             3.46   %      3.46   %      3.39   %          $6,778              $6,694              $6,481               $84               $115               $(31   )          $213                $160             $53
taxable-equivalent adjustment                                                                                                                                        $96                $159                $160
(1)   yields are stated on a te basis utilizing the marginal income tax rates. the change in interest not solely due to changes in rate or volume has been allocated on a pro-rata basis based on the absolute dollar amount of each.
(2)   total securities include afs and htm securities.
(3)   includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, trading securities, fhlb stock and other earning assets.
(4)   loan fees, which are not material for any of the periods shown, are included for rate calculation purposes.
(5)   npls are included in the average balances.
(6)   excludes basis adjustments for fair value hedges.
(7)   total deposit costs were 0.41%, 0.22% and 0.16% for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
33 bb&t corporation provision for credit losses
2018 compared to 2017
the provision for credit losses totaled $566 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to $547 million for 2017. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 2.98x for 2018, compared to 2.78x for 2017.
net charge-offs for the year ended december 31, 2018 were $524 million, compared to $537 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. net charge-offs were 0.36% of average loans and leases for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared to 0.38% of average loans and leases for 2017. the decline in net charge-offs was primarily in residential mortgage.
2017 compared to 2016
the provision for credit losses was $547 million in 2017, compared to $572 million in the prior year. the decrease in the provision for credit losses was primarily driven by improvement in the commercial and industrial portfolio, which reflects lower net charge-offs and nonaccrual loans compared to the prior year. the ratio of the alll to net charge-offs was 2.78x for 2017, compared to 2.80x for 2016.
net charge-offs were $537 million for 2017 compared to $532 million in 2016. the ratio of net charge-offs to average loans and leases held for investment was 0.38% for both 2017 and 2016. net charge-offs increased by $31 million in the indirect lending portfolio, driven by an increase in loss severity associated with used car values. commercial and industrial net charge-offs decreased $40 million, primarily due to losses in the energy portfolio during 2016.
noninterest income noninterest income is a significant contributor to bb&t's financial results. management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to further reduce bb&t's reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates.
table 5: noninterest income
% change year ended december 31,                                          2018                2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017          2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)
insurance income                                           $1,852              $1,754              $1,713               5.6        %           2.4        %
service charges on deposits                                   712                 706                 664               0.8                    6.3
investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions         477                 410                 408              16.3                    0.5
mortgage banking income                                       358                 415                 463             (13.7        )         (10.4        )
trust and investment advisory revenues                        285                 278                 266               2.5                    4.5
bankcard fees and merchant discounts                          287                 271                 237               5.9                   14.3
checkcard fees                                                221                 214                 195               3.3                    9.7
operating lease income                                        145                 146                 137              (0.7        )           6.6
income from bank-owned life insurance                         116                 122                 123              (4.9        )          (0.8        )
securities gains (losses), net                                  3                  (1   )              46                nm                 (102.2        )
other income                                                  420                 467                 220             (10.1        )         112.3
total noninterest income                                   $4,876              $4,782              $4,472               2.0                    6.9
2018 compared to 2017
noninterest income for the year ended december 31, 2018 was a record $4.9 billion, up $94 million compared to 2017.
income from bb&t's insurance agency/brokerage operations was the largest source of noninterest income in 2018. insurance income was $1.9 billion, up $98 million compared to 2017, primarily due to the acquisition of regions insurance, which contributed $67 million, and higher production.
service charges on deposits were up slightly, but were negatively impacted due to fee waivers associated with the february system outage.
mortgage banking income was $358 million, down $57 million, primarily resulting from a decline in residential mortgage production revenue.
investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions were $477 million, up $67 million due to higher managed account fees and higher investment banking income.
bb&t corporation 34
other income was $420 million, down $47 million, primarily due to $56 million in lower income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits, which is primarily offset in other income/expense categories.
2017 compared to 2016
noninterest income was a record $4.8 billion for 2017, an increase of $310 million compared to 2016.
insurance income totaled $1.8 billion for 2017, an increase of $41 million compared to 2016. the increase was largely due to the acquisition of swett and crawford on april 1, 2016. in addition, organic commissions and fees were higher, which was offset by lower performance based commissions.
service charges on deposits were $706 million for 2017, an increase of $42 million compared to 2016. the increase was due to changes in client behavior, pricing increases and the acquisition of national penn on april 1, 2016.
mortgage banking income declined $48 million primarily due to a decline of $39 million in the net mortgage servicing rights valuation.
bankcard fees and merchant discounts increased $34 million due to higher volumes and a reduction in the accrual for rewards.
other income totaled $467 million for 2017, an increase of $247 million from 2016, primarily due to the termination of the loss sharing agreements during the third quarter of 2016, which resulted in a $142 million improvement compared to 2016. in addition, other income increased $34 million from sbic investments and $50 million from income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits.
noninterest expense the following table provides a breakdown of bb&t's noninterest expense:
table 6: noninterest expense
% change year ended december 31,                                  2018                2017                2016          2018 vs. 2017          2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)
personnel expense                                  $4,313              $4,226              $4,029               2.1   %                4.9        %
occupancy and equipment expense                       758                 784                 786              (3.3   )               (0.3        )
software expense                                      272                 242                 224              12.4                    8.0
outside it services                                   132                 160                 186             (17.5   )              (14.0        )
regulatory charges                                    134                 153                 145             (12.4   )                5.5
amortization of intangibles                           131                 142                 150              (7.7   )               (5.3        )
loan-related expense                                  108                 130                  95             (16.9   )               36.8
professional services                                 138                 123                 102              12.2                   20.6
merger-related and restructuring charges, net         146                 115                 171              27.0                  (32.7        )
loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt             -                 392                  (1   )        (100.0   )                 nm other expense                                         800                 977                 834             (18.1   )               17.1
total noninterest expense                          $6,932              $7,444              $6,721              (6.9   )               10.8
2018 compared to 2017
noninterest expense totaled $6.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, a decrease of $512 million, or 6.9%, from the prior year. this decrease was driven by the $392 million loss on early extinguishment of debt in 2017 and lower other expense.
personnel expense is the largest component of noninterest expense and includes salaries and incentives, as well as pension service costs and other employee benefit costs. personnel expense was $4.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of $87 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2017. this increase was driven by $43 million of personnel expense resulting from the regions insurance acquisition and $38 million in higher defined benefit pension plan service cost. in addition, capitalized employee costs were $31 million lower due to efficiencies in the loan closing process, and incentive expense, excluding regions insurance, was $12 million higher primarily due to higher performance-based incentive expense, partially offset by the 2017 one-time bonus of $36 million paid to associates who do not generally receive incentives or commissions. these increases were partially offset by a $47 million decrease for certain post-employment benefits, which is offset by lower noninterest income.
occupancy and equipment expense decreased $26 million primarily related to cost savings from facilities.
software expense increased $30 million, primarily reflecting higher depreciation on recent investments and maintenance costs.
35 bb&t corporation outside it services decreased $28 million due to lower use of outside it services in the current year compared to the prior year.
merger-related and restructuring expense was $146 million, an increase of $31 million. this includes higher charges as a result of restructuring initiatives in 2018, including $61 million of personnel costs for severance and other benefits and $63 million related to costs to exit facilities. these restructuring activities will enable continued investment in the company's digital strategy, while maintaining disciplined cost control.
other expense decreased $177 million primarily due to the prior year including a $100 million contribution to bb&t's philanthropic fund and a $61 million benefit primarily from higher income on pension plan assets.
2017 compared to 2016
noninterest expense totaled $7.4 billion for 2017, an increase of $723 million from 2016. the increase includes actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2017 in connection with the passage of tax reform legislation. this included a contribution of $100 million to bb&t's philanthropic fund and $36 million for a one-time bonus paid to associates who do not generally receive incentives or commissions. the increase also includes a $392 million charge in 2017 for the early extinguishment of $2.9 billion of higher cost fhlb advances.
personnel expense is the largest component of noninterest expense and includes salaries and incentives, as well as pension service costs and other employee benefit costs. personnel expense totaled $4.2 billion, a $197 million increase compared to 2016. salaries and incentives increased $120 million compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher incentives as a result of improved performance and the one-time bonus previously mentioned. equity based compensation increased $14 million and benefit costs increased $63 million. the increase in benefit costs was primarily the result of an increase of $43 million for post-employment benefits that is primarily offset in other income.
software expense was higher $18 million compared to 2016, primarily reflecting higher depreciation on recent investments.
outside it services expense decreased $26 million compared to the prior year, while professional services expense increased $21 million. these fluctuations are due to the volume of project related work in the current year compared to the prior year.
loan-related expense totaled $130 million for 2017, an increase of $35 million compared to the prior year. this increase is largely the result of a release of $31 million in reserves during the fourth quarter of 2016, which was primarily driven by lower anticipated loan repurchase requests.
merger-related and restructuring expense decreased $56 million compared to 2016. this includes a decrease in merger-related charges, partially offset by branch closures and other restructuring initiatives.
other expense increased $143 million primarily due to higher operating charge-offs and charitable contributions. operating charge-offs increased $108 million due to a net benefit of $73 million recorded in 2016 related to the settlement of matters involving the origination of certain legacy mortgage loans insured by the fha. charitable contributions increased $44 million as the company made a $100 million contribution to its philanthropic fund in 2017 as noted above, compared to $50 million made in the third quarter of 2016.
merger-related and restructuring charges bb&t has incurred certain merger-related and restructuring charges, which include:
•   severance and personnel-related costs or credits;
•   occupancy and equipment charges or credits, which relate to costs or gains associated with lease terminations, obsolete equipment write-offs and the sale of duplicate facilities and equipment;
•   professional services, which relate to investment banking advisory fees and other consulting services pertaining to restructuring initiatives or transactions;
•   systems conversion and related charges, which represent costs to integrate the acquired entity's information technology systems; and
•   other merger-related and restructuring charges or credits, which include expenses necessary to convert and combine the acquired branches and operations of merged companies, direct media advertising related to the acquisitions, asset and supply inventory write-offs, and other similar charges.
merger-related and restructuring accruals are established when the costs are incurred or once all requirements for a plan to dispose of or outsource certain business functions have been approved by management. for acquisitions, a major portion of accrued costs are typically utilized in conjunction with or immediately following the systems conversion, when most of the duplicate positions are eliminated and the terminated employees begin to receive severance. other accruals are utilized over time based on the sale, closing or disposal of duplicate facilities or equipment or the expiration of lease contracts. merger and restructuring accruals are re-evaluated periodically and adjusted as necessary. the remaining accruals at december 31, 2018 are generally expected to be utilized within one year, unless they relate to specific contracts that expire later.
bb&t corporation 36
the following table presents a summary of merger-related and restructuring charges and the related accruals:
table 7: merger-related and restructuring accrual activity
(dollars in millions)                       accrual at jan 1, 2017             expense        utilized            accrual at dec 31, 2017                 expense        utilized            accrual at dec 31, 2018
severance and personnel-related                      $25                      $40             $(51      )         $14                                    $61             $(32      )         $43
occupancy and equipment                               21                       43             (44       )    20                                           63             (60       )                        23
professional services                                  1                        2             (3        )         -                                        4             (3        )                         1
systems conversion and related costs                   1                       26             (27       )         -                                        5             (5        )         -
other adjustments                                      1                        4             (5        )         -                                       13             (13       )         -
total                                                $49                     $115             $(130     )         $34                                   $146             $(113     )         $67
the 2018 costs primarily reflect higher charges as a result of restructuring initiatives, including costs for severance and other benefits and costs related to exiting facilities, while the 2017 costs primarily reflect branch closures and other restructuring initiatives.
provision for income taxes bb&t's provision for income taxes totaled $803 million, $911 million and $1.1 billion for 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. bb&t's effective tax rates for the years ended 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 19.8%, 27.4% and 30.2%, respectively. bb&t has extended credit to and invested in the obligations of states and municipalities and their agencies and has made other investments and loans that produce tax-exempt income. the income generated from these investments, together with certain other transactions that have favorable tax treatment, have reduced bb&t's overall effective tax rate from the statutory rate in all periods presented. the lower effective tax rate for 2018 was due to the impact of tax reform legislation. the lower effective tax rate for 2017 was due to a net tax benefit of $43 million related to the impact of tax reform.
refer to the "note 11. income taxes" for a reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the statutory tax rate and a discussion of uncertain tax positions and other tax matters.
segment results see "note 19. operating segments" for additional disclosures related to bb&t's operating segments, the internal accounting and reporting practices used to manage these segments and financial disclosures for these segments. fluctuations in noninterest income and noninterest expense incurred directly by the segments are more fully discussed in the "noninterest income" and "noninterest expense" sections above.
table 8: net income by reportable segment
% change year ended december 31,                                        2018                  2017                  2016          2018 vs. 2017          2017 vs. 2016
(dollars in millions)
community banking retail and consumer finance           $1,484                $1,093                $1,122               35.8        %          (2.6   )%
community banking commercial                             1,188                   832                   722               42.8            15.2
financial services and commercial finance                  593                   491                   376               20.8            30.6
insurance holdings                                         255                   161                   166               58.4                   (3.0   )
other, treasury &amp; corporate                           (263    )             (162    )               56               62.3                     nm bb&amp;t corporation                                    $3,257                $2,415                $2,442               34.9                   (1.1   )
2018 compared to 2017
community banking retail and consumer finance cb-retail had 1,879 banking offices at december 31, 2018, a decrease of 170 offices compared to december 31, 2017. the decrease in offices was primarily driven by the consolidation of nearby financial centers and the closure of certain lower volume branches.
37 bb&t corporation cb-retail net income was $1.5 billion in 2018, an increase of $391 million, or 35.8%, compared to 2017. segment net interest income increased $170 million primarily due to higher funding spreads on deposits and an improvement in loan mix, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans. noninterest income decreased primarily due to a decline in mortgage banking income driven by lower gain-on-sale margins and retaining more production on the balance sheet. this decline was partially offset by an increase in bankcard fees and merchant discounts, service charges on deposits and checkcard fees. noninterest expense decreased $70 million primarily due to declines in personnel expense, loan-related expense and occupancy and equipment expense, partially offset by an increase in merger-related and restructuring charges. the provision for income taxes decreased $167 million due to the lower federal tax rate compared to the earlier period.
cb-retail average loans and leases hfi were flat compared to the earlier period. average indirect retail loans fell $721 million, or 4.0%, and average direct retail loans decreased $323 million, or 2.7%, while average residential mortgage loans increased $790 million, or 2.7%, and average revolving credit increased $250 million, or 9.4%.
cb-retail average total deposits were essentially flat compared to the earlier period. average interest checking decreased $583 million, or 3.6%, and average time deposits decreased $495 million, or 4.3%, while average noninterest-bearing deposits increased $1.1 billion, or 6.8%.
community banking commercial cb-commercial net income was $1.2 billion for 2018, an increase of $356 million, or 42.8%, compared to 2017. segment net interest income increased $121 million driven primarily by higher funding spreads and average loan growth, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $44 million primarily due to an increase in incurred loss estimates and loan growth. noninterest expense decreased $170 million driven primarily by a decline in allocated corporate expenses and lower personnel expense, primarily due to a third quarter of 2017 change in approach for allocating capitalized loan origination costs. in addition, there were declines in occupancy and equipment expense and operating charge-offs. the provision for income taxes decreased $99 million compared to the earlier period due to the lower federal tax rate.
cb-commercial average loans and leases hfi increased $1.1 billion, or 2.0%, compared to the earlier period. average commercial real estate loans increased $611 million, or 3.2%, and average commercial and industrial loans increased $581 million, or 1.8%.
cb-commercial average total deposits decreased $97 million, or 0.2%, compared to the earlier period. average interest checking declined $502 million, or 5.5%, while average money market and savings increased $282 million, or 1.9%, and average noninterest-bearing deposits increased $174 million, or 0.5%.
financial services and commercial finance fs&cf net income was $593 million for 2018, an increase of $102 million, or 20.8%, compared to 2017. segment net interest income increased $63 million due to higher funding spreads and average loan growth, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans and a decline in average total deposits. noninterest income increased $54 million due to higher investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions driven by improved managed account fees and investment banking income. the allocated provision for credit losses increased primarily due to moderating improvement in incurred loss estimates, and an increase in net charge-offs and loan growth. noninterest expense increased $69 million due to higher performance-based incentive expense, an increase in professional services and higher merger-related and restructuring charges. the provision for income taxes decreased $70 million due to the lower federal tax rate.
fs&cf average loans and leases hfi increased $1.9 billion, or 7.4%, compared to the earlier period. average loans and leases hfi for corporate banking, governmental finance and equipment finance increased $763 million, $312 million and $298 million, respectively.
fs&cf average total deposits decreased $1.5 billion, or 5.2%, compared to the earlier period. average money market and savings, interest checking and noninterest bearing deposits fell $1.2 billion, $278 million and $159 million, respectively. corporate banking's average transaction account deposits fell $407 million, or 20.7%, while bb&t wealth grew transaction account balances by $126 million, or 2.7%.
client invested assets totaled $159.6 billion as of december 31, 2018, a decrease of $731 million, or 0.5%, compared to 2017.
insurance holdings ih net income was $255 million for 2018, an increase of $94 million, or 58.4%, compared to 2017. noninterest income increased $94 million due to the acquisition of regions insurance, which contributed $67 million, and organic growth. noninterest expense increased $24 million due to the acquisition of regions insurance. the provision for income taxes decreased compared to the earlier period due to the lower federal tax rate.
bb&t corporation 38
other, treasury & corporate ot&c generated a net loss of $263 million for 2018, compared to a net loss of $162 million for 2017. segment net interest income decreased $217 million primarily due to an increase in the rates and average balances for long-term debt and short-term borrowings, partially offset by an increase in the yield for securities. noninterest income decreased $50 million primarily due to lower income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits. the allocated provision for credit losses decreased $41 million primarily due to a decline in the provision for unfunded lending commitments. noninterest expense decreased $365 million due to a $392 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt in the earlier period and a $100 million charitable contribution in the earlier period to bb&t's philanthropic fund. these decreases were partially offset by a decline in corporate expenses allocated to other operating segments and an increase in personnel expense due to a third quarter of 2017 change in approach for allocating capitalized loan origination costs, partially offset by lower expense related to assets for certain post-employment benefits. the benefit for income taxes decreased $240 million primarily due to a decline in pre-tax loss, a lower federal tax rate, lower excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation and a net tax benefit of $43 million in the earlier year related to the impact of tax reform.
2017 compared to 2016
community banking retail and consumer finance cb-retail had 2,049 banking offices at december 31, 2017, a decrease of 147 offices compared to the prior year. the decrease in offices was primarily driven by the consolidation of nearby financial centers and the closure of certain lower volume branches.
cb-retail net income was $1.1 billion in 2017, a decrease of $29 million, or 2.6%, compared to 2016. segment net interest income increased $158 million, primarily due to the national penn acquisition, deposit growth and higher funding spreads on deposits, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans. noninterest income increased $50 million, primarily due to higher bankcard fees and merchant discounts, service charges on deposits, and checkcard fees, partially offset by a decline in mortgage banking income due to a decrease in net msr income. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $27 million primarily due to higher net charge-offs, partially offset by a decline in incurred loss estimates. noninterest expense increased $244 million, driven by a net benefit of $73 million in 2016 related to the settlement of certain legacy mortgage matters involving the origination of mortgage loans insured by the fha, the release of $31 million in mortgage repurchase reserves in 2016, and increases in personnel expense, allocated corporate expenses, and occupancy and equipment expense.
cb-retail average loans and leases hfi increased $413 million, or 0.6% compared to the prior year. average indirect retail loans increased $768 million, or 4.5%, and average direct loans increased $391 million, or 3.4%. partially offsetting these increases was average residential mortgage loans, which decreased $761 million, or 2.5%.
cb-retail average total deposits increased $2.6 billion, or 3.5%, compared to the prior year. average money market and savings increased $2.0 billion, or 5.9%, average noninterest-bearing deposits increased $1.7 billion, or 12.4%, and average interest checking increased $730 million, or 4.7%. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in average time deposits of $1.8 billion, or 13.3%.
community banking commercial cb-commercial net income was $832 million in 2017, an increase of $110 million, or 15.2%, compared to 2016. segment net interest income increased $112 million, primarily due to the national penn acquisition, loan and deposit growth and higher funding spreads on deposits, partially offset by lower credit spreads on loans. noninterest income increased $30 million, primarily due to higher service charges on deposits. the allocated provision for credit losses increased $109 million, primarily due to a decline in the rate of improvement in credit trends and loan growth. noninterest expense decreased $124 million, primarily due to lower personnel expense driven by a change in the allocation approach for capitalized loan origination costs in the current year as well as a decline in salaries expense and employee benefits expense.
cb-commercial average loans and leases hfi increased $2.4 billion, or 4.9%, partially driven by acquisition activity.
cb-commercial average total deposits increased $2.3 billion, or 4.1%, compared to the prior year due to an increase in noninterest-bearing deposits.
39 bb&t corporation financial services and commercial finance fs&cf net income was $491 million in 2017, an increase of $115 million, or 30.6%, compared to 2016. segment net interest income increased $57 million, primarily driven by higher funding spreads on deposits and average loan growth, partially offset by a decline in credit spreads on loans. noninterest income increased $33 million, primarily driven by higher trust and investment advisory revenues, operating lease income, commercial loan fees, investment banking and brokerage fees and commissions, and service charges on deposits, partially offset by lower commercial mortgage banking income. the allocated provision for credit losses decreased $143 million, primarily due to a decrease in reserves in the current period related to energy lending exposures, a decline in incurred loss estimates and lower net charge-offs. noninterest expense increased $49 million, primarily due to higher allocated corporate expenses and personnel expense, partially offset by a decline in merger-related and restructuring charges.
fs&cf continued to generate solid loan growth through expanded lending strategies, with corporate banking's average loans hfi increasing $743 million, or 5.3%, compared to 2016, while bb&t wealth's average loans hfi increased $205 million, or 13.8%. corporate banking's average transaction account deposits fell $112 million, or 5.4%, while bb&t wealth grew transaction account balances by $760 million, or 19.8%. client invested assets totaled $160.3 billion as of december 31, 2017, an increase of $16.6 billion, or 11.6%, compared to 2016. average loans hfi at grandbridge increased $200 million, or 15.6%, compared to 2016 and increased 15.5% and 9.1%, respectively, for equipment finance and governmental finance.
insurance holdings ih net income was $161 million in 2017, a decrease of $5 million, or 3.0%, compared to 2016. noninterest income increased $46 million, which reflects the acquisition of swett and crawford in april 2016 and higher property and casualty insurance commissions, as well as higher life insurance commissions and employee benefit commissions. noninterest expense increased $66 million, primarily driven by higher personnel expense and allocated corporate expenses, both of which are primarily attributable to the swett and crawford acquisition.
other, treasury and corporate ot&c net loss was $162 million in 2017, compared to net income of $56 million in 2016. segment net interest income decreased $123 million, primarily due to the inclusion of national penn results for a portion of the earlier period, a decline in average pci loans and an increase in short-term borrowings, partially offset by an increase in average securities. noninterest income increased $151 million, primarily driven by a $142 million improvement in fdic loss share income as a result of terminating the loss share agreements in the third quarter of 2016. also, there were increases in income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits and income from sbic private equity investments, partially offset by securities gains recognized in the earlier period. the allocated provision for credit losses decreased $19 million, primarily due to credit losses for pci loans. noninterest expense increased $488 million, primarily due to the first quarter 2017 loss of $392 million on the early extinguishment of higher-cost fhlb advances, as well as higher personnel expense driven by a change in allocation approach for capitalized loan origination costs and higher expense related to assets for certain post-employment benefits. additionally, 2017 included a $100 million charitable contribution made to bb&t's philanthropic fund compared to a $50 million charitable contribution in 2016. other increases to noninterest expense include professional services and software expense, partially offset by an increase in allocated corporate expenses that were allocated to other operating segments, lower merger-related and restructuring charges, and a decline in outside it services. the benefit for income taxes increased $223 million as the first quarter of 2017 included $35 million of excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans and the fourth quarter of 2017 included a net tax benefit of $43 million due to the impact of tax reform.
analysis of financial condition investment activities bb&t's board-approved investment policy is carried out by the mrlcc, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. the mrlcc also has much broader responsibilities, which are discussed in the "market risk management" section in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
investment strategies are reviewed by the mrlcc based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, funding opportunities and the overall interest rate sensitivity of the company. in general, the goals of the investment portfolio are: (i) to provide a sufficient margin of liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives; (ii) to provide eligible securities to secure public funds, trust deposits as prescribed by law and other borrowings; and (iii) to earn an optimal return on funds invested commensurate with meeting the requirements of (i) and (ii) and consistent with our risk appetite.
bb&t corporation 40
branch bank invests in securities allowable under bank regulations. these securities may include obligations of the u.s. treasury, u.s. government agencies, gses (including mbs), bank eligible obligations of any state or political subdivision, non-agency mbs, structured notes, bank eligible corporate obligations (including corporate debentures), commercial paper, negotiable cds, bankers acceptances, mutual funds and limited types of equity securities. branch bank also may deal in securities subject to the provisions of the gramm-leach-bliley act. bb&t's full-service brokerage and investment banking subsidiary engages in the underwriting, trading and sales of equity and debt securities subject to the risk management policies of the company.
table 9: composition of securities portfolio december 31,                                     2018                    2017                    2016
(dollars in millions)
afs securities (at fair value):
u.s. treasury                            $3,441                  $2,291                  $2,587
gse                                         200                     179                     180
agency mbs                               20,155                  20,101                  21,264
states and political subdivisions           701                   1,392                   2,205
non-agency mbs                              505                     576                     679
other                                        36                       8                      11
total afs securities                     25,038                  24,547                  26,926
htm securities (at amortized cost):
u.s. treasury                             1,099                   1,098                   1,098
gse                                       2,199                   2,198                   2,197
agency mbs                               17,248                  19,660                  13,225
states and political subdivisions             5                      28                     110
other                                         1                      43                      50
total htm securities                     20,552                  23,027                  16,680
total securities                        $45,590                 $47,574                 $43,606
the securities portfolio totaled $45.6 billion at december 31, 2018, compared to $47.6 billion at december 31, 2017, primarily driven by a $2.4 billion decrease in agency mbs and a $714 million decrease in securities issued by state and political subdivisions, partially offset by a $1.2 billion increase in u.s. treasury securities.
as of december 31, 2018, approximately 6.5% of the securities portfolio was variable rate, compared to 5.8% as of december 31, 2017. the effective duration of the securities portfolio was 4.8 years at december 31, 2018, compared to 4.7 years at december 31, 2017. the duration of the securities portfolio excludes certain non-agency mbs.
u.s. treasury, gse and agency mbs represented 97.3% of the total securities portfolio as of december 31, 2018, compared to 95.7% as of prior year end.
41 bb&t corporation the following table presents the securities portfolio at december 31, 2018, segregated by major category with ranges of maturities and average yields disclosed:
table 10: securities yields by major category and maturity december 31, 2018                                                                    afs                                                      htm
(dollars in millions)
fair value           effective yield (1)             amortized cost           effective yield (1)
u.s. treasury:
within one year                                 $408                          1.95     %                   $-                             -     %
one to five years                              2,329                          1.98                      1,099                          2.30
five to ten years                                704                          2.95                          -                             -
total                                          3,441                          2.18                      1,099                          2.30
gse:
one to five years                                115                          1.50                      2,189                          2.29
five to ten years                                 50                          1.68                         10                          2.47
after ten years                                   35                          3.11                          -                             -
total                                            200                          1.82                      2,199                          2.29
agency mbs: (2)
one to five years                                  4                          2.96                          -                             -
five to ten years                                 20                          2.89                        615                          2.43
after ten years                               20,131                          2.41                     16,633                          3.00
total                                         20,155                          2.41                     17,248                          2.83
states and political subdivisions:
within one year                                   16                          4.81                          -                             -
one to five years                                139                          3.34                          2                          1.67
five to ten years                                269                          3.74                          2                          3.59
after ten years                                  277                          4.55                          1                          1.26
total                                            701                          4.01                          5                          2.60
non-agency mbs: (2)
after ten years                                  505                         12.82                          -                             -
other:
within one year                                    -                             -                          1                          2.03
after ten years                                   36                          4.25                          -                             -
total                                             36                          4.25                          1                          2.03
total securities                             $25,038                          2.63                    $20,552                          2.75
(1)   yields represent interest computed using the effective interest method on a te basis using marginal income tax rates and the amortized cost of the securities.
(2)   for purposes of the maturity table, mbs, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity. the expected life of mbs will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying mortgage loans.
lending activities the primary goal of the bb&t lending function is to help clients achieve their financial goals by providing quality loan products that are fair to the client and profitable to the company. management believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong, profitable client relationships over time, with bb&t becoming an important contributor to the prosperity and well-being of its clients. in addition to the importance placed on client knowledge and continuous involvement with clients, bb&t's lending process incorporates the standards of a consistent company-wide credit culture and an in-depth local market knowledge. furthermore, the company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of assumed risk and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry and geographical concentration. in this context, bb&t strives to meet the credit needs of clients in its markets while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth and loan quality.
bb&t lends to a diverse customer base that is geographically dispersed, substantially within bb&t's branch network in the southeastern and mid-atlantic united states, to mitigate concentration risk arising from local and regional economic downturns. international loans were immaterial as of december 31, 2018 and 2017. refer to the "risk management" section for a discussion of each of the loan portfolios and the credit risk management policies used to manage the portfolios.
bb&t corporation 42
the following table summarizes the loan portfolio:
table 11: composition of loans and leases as of period end december 31,                                  2018                    2017                    2016   2015                    2014
(dollars in millions)
commercial:
commercial and industrial             $61,935                 $59,153                 $57,739                 $53,746                 $46,110
cre                                    21,060                  21,263                  19,764                  18,312                  14,128
lease financing                         2,018                   1,911                   1,677                   1,535                   1,119
retail:
residential mortgage                   31,393                  28,725                  29,921                  30,533                  31,090
direct                                 11,584                  11,891                  12,092                  11,140                   8,146
indirect                               17,425                  17,235                  18,564                  17,053                  15,616
revolving credit                        3,132                   2,872                   2,655                   2,510                   2,460
pci                                       466                     651                     910                   1,122                   1,215
total loans and leases hfi            149,013                 143,701                 143,322                 135,951                 119,884
lhfs                                      988                   1,099                   1,716                   1,035                   1,423
total loans and leases               $150,001                $144,800                $145,038                $136,986                $121,307
loans and leases hfi were $149.0 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $5.3 billion compared to the prior year.
commercial and industrial loans were up $2.8 billion due to strong growth in corporate banking loans, while cre loans were down $203 million.
residential mortgage loans increased $2.7 billion, primarily due to the retention of a portion of the conforming mortgage production.
indirect loans were up $190 million, primarily due to growth in power sports and other recreational lending.
the pci loan portfolio, which totaled $466 million at december 31, 2018, continued to run off during the year.
scheduled repayments are reported in the maturity category in which the payment is due. determinations of maturities are based on contractual terms. bb&t's credit policy typically does not permit automatic renewal of loans. at the scheduled maturity date (including balloon payment date), the customer generally must request a new loan to replace the matured loan and execute either a new note or note modification with rate, terms and conditions negotiated at that time.
table 12: commercial loan maturities and interest sensitivity december 31, 2018                             1 year or less             over 1 to 5 years              after 5 years                   total
(dollars in millions)
fixed rate:
commercial and industrial                      $3,344                       $7,551                      $9,454                  $20,349
cre                                               405                        2,552                       2,257                    5,214
lease financing                                    92                        1,239                         582                    1,913
total fixed rate                                3,841                       11,342                      12,293                   27,476
variable rate:
commercial and industrial                       9,571                       21,424                      10,591                   41,586
cre                                             2,231                        9,203                       4,412                   15,846
lease financing                                     1          59                                           45          105
total variable rate                            11,803                       30,686                      15,048                   57,537
total commercial loans and leases             $15,644                      $42,028                     $27,341                  $85,013
43 bb&t corporation the following table presents loans with variable interest rates:
table 13: variable rate loans (excluding pci and lhfs)
december 31, 2018                       outstanding balance             wtd. avg. contractual rate               wtd. avg. remaining term (1)
(dollars in millions)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                  $41,586                            4.02               %                4.2               yrs cre                                         15,846                            4.85                                3.9
lease financing                                105                            3.98                                5.5
retail:
residential mortgage                         4,451                            3.90                               24.0
direct                                       8,464                            5.41                                7.7
indirect                                        12                            5.04                                 nm revolving credit                             2,870                           11.79                                 nm
(1)   commercial and industrial loans and direct loans totaling $2.3 billion and $127 million, respectively, have been excluded from the weighted average remaining term because they are callable on demand.
certain residential mortgage loans have an initial period where the borrower is only required to pay the periodic interest. after the interest-only period, the loan will require the payment of both interest and principal over the remaining term. the outstanding balances of residential mortgage loans in the interest-only phase were approximately $64 million and $126 million at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, respectively. at december 31, 2018, approximately 95.9% of the interest-only balances will begin amortizing within the next three years compared to 95.0% at december 31, 2017.
home equity lines, which are a component of the direct retail portfolio, generally require interest-only payments during the first 15 years after origination. after this initial period, the outstanding balance begins amortizing and requires the payment of both interest and principal. at december 31, 2018, the direct retail lending portfolio includes $7.2 billion of variable rate home equity lines and $1.1 billion of variable rate other lines of credit. approximately $5.7 billion of the variable rate home equity lines is currently in the interest-only phase and approximately 10.3% of these balances will begin amortizing within the next three years. approximately $949 million of the outstanding balance of variable rate other lines of credit is in the interest-only phase and 15.9% of these balances will begin amortizing within the next three years. variable rate home equity lines and other lines of credit typically reset on a monthly basis.
the following table presents the most recent composition of average loans and leases:
table 14: composition of average loans and leases for the three months ended(dollars in millions)              dec 31, 2018              sep 30, 2018              jun 30, 2018              mar 31, 2018              dec 31, 2017
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                  $60,553                   $59,900                   $59,548                   $58,627                   $58,478
cre                                                         21,301                    21,496                    21,546                    21,398                    20,998
lease financing                                              1,990                     1,941                     1,862                     1,872                     1,851
retail:
residential mortgage                                        31,103                    30,500                    29,272                    28,824                    28,559
direct                                                      11,600                    11,613                    11,680                    11,791                    11,901
indirect                                                    17,436                    17,282                    16,804                    16,914                    17,426
revolving credit                                             3,070                     2,947                     2,831                     2,798                     2,759
pci                                               486                       518                       559                       631                       689
total average loans and leases hfi                        $147,539                  $146,197                  $144,102                  $142,855                  $142,661
average loans held for investment for the fourth quarter of 2018 were $147.5 billion, up $1.3 billion, or 3.6% annualized compared to the third quarter of 2018.
average commercial and industrial loans increased $653 million driven by strong growth in corporate banking and dealer floor plan, partially offset by a decline in mortgage warehouse lending.
average residential mortgage loans increased $603 million primarily due to the retention of a portion of the conforming mortgage production.
average indirect retail loans increased $154 million. this increase was primarily due to strong growth in automobile lending.
average revolving credit increased $123 million due to a new product launched early in the third quarter. bb&t made changes to its credit card products to offer more attractive features to existing clients and attract new clients.
bb&t corporation 44
asset quality the following tables summarize asset quality information for the past five years:
table 15: asset quality december 31,                                                          2018                  2017                2016                2015                2014
(dollars in millions)
npas:
npls:
commercial and industrial                                        $200                  $259                 $369                $242                $243
cre                                                                65                    45                   57                  51                 100
lease financing                                                     3                     1                    4                   1                   -
residential mortgage                                              119                   129                  172                 173                 166
direct                                                             53                    64                   63                  43                  48
indirect                                                           82                    72                   71                  66                  59
total npls hfi                                                    522                   570                  736                 576                 616
foreclosed real estate                                             35                    32                   50                 108                 143
other foreclosed property                                          28                    25                   27                  28                  23
total nonperforming assets (1)(2)                                $585                  $627                 $813                $712                $782
performing tdrs:
commercial and industrial                                         $65                   $50                  $57                 $50                 $65
cre                                                                10                    16                   25                  29                  57
residential mortgage                                              656                   605                  769                 604                 621
direct                                                             55                    62                   67                  72                  84
indirect                                                          305                   281                  240                 194                 182
revolving credit                                                   28                    29                   29                  33                  41
total performing tdrs (3)                                      $1,119                $1,043               $1,187                $982              $1,050
loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing:
commercial and industrial                                          $-                    $1                   $-                  $-                  $-
cre                                                                 -                     1                    -                   -                   -
residential mortgage                                              405                   465                  522                 541                 731
direct                                                              7                     6                    6                   7                  12
indirect                                                            6                     6                    6                   5                   5
revolving credit                                                   14                    12                   12                  10                   9
pci                                                                30                    57                   90                 114                 188
total loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing          $462                  $548                 $636                $677                $945
loans 30-89 days past due:
commercial and industrial                                         $34                   $41                  $44                 $53                 $37
cre                                                                 5                     8                    8                  22                   5
lease financing                                                     1                     4                    4                   1                   -
residential mortgage                                              456                   472                  525                 475                 474
direct                                                             61                    65                   60                  58                  41
indirect                                                          436                   412                  377                 358                 285
revolving credit                                                   28                    23                   23                  22                  23
pci                                                                23                    27                   36                  42                  33
total loans 30-89 days past due                                $1,044                $1,052               $1,077              $1,031                $898
excludes loans held for sale.
(1)   during 2016, approximately $191 million of nonaccrual energy-related loans were sold.
(2)   during 2017, approximately $61 million of nonaccrual residential mortgage loans were sold.
(3)   during 2017, approximately $331 million of performing residential mortgage tdrs were sold.
asset quality continued to improve in 2018. nonperforming assets totaled $585 million at december 31, 2018, down $42 million compared to december 31, 2017. nonperforming loans and leases represented 0.35% of loans and leases held for investment, a five basis point decrease compared to december 31, 2017.
performing tdrs were up $76 million during 2018 primarily in residential mortgage and indirect lending.
45 bb&t corporation loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled $462 million at december 31, 2018, down $86 million compared to the prior year. the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.31% at december 31, 2018, compared to 0.38% for the prior year. excluding government guaranteed and pci loans, the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.04% at december 31, 2018, down one basis point compared to december 31, 2017.
loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing totaled $1.0 billion at december 31, 2018, down slightly compared to the prior year.
problem loans include npls and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing as disclosed in table 15. in addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. refer to "note 3. loans and acl" herein for additional disclosures related to these potential problem loans.
table 16: asset quality ratios as of / for the year ended december 31,                                                               2018             2017             2016             2015             2014
loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi             0.70   %          0.73   %         0.75   %         0.76   %         0.75   %
loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi        0.31              0.38             0.44             0.50             0.79
npls as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                                                     0.35              0.40             0.51             0.42             0.51
npas as a percentage of:
total assets                                                                                     0.26              0.28             0.37             0.34             0.42
loans and leases hfi plus foreclosed property                                                    0.39              0.44             0.57             0.52             0.65
net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases hfi                                  0.36              0.38             0.38             0.35             0.46
alll as a percentage of loans and leases hfi                                                     1.05              1.04             1.04             1.07             1.23
ratio of alll to:
net charge-offs                                                                                 2.98x             2.78x            2.80x            3.36x            2.74x npls                                                                                            2.99x             2.62x            2.03x            2.53x            2.39x loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases hfi (1)    0.04   %          0.05   %         0.07   %         0.06   %         0.09   %
applicable ratios are annualized.
(1)   this asset quality ratio has been adjusted to remove the impact of government guaranteed mortgage loans and pci. management believes the inclusion of such assets in this asset quality ratio results in distortion of this ratio such that it might not be reflective of asset collectability or might not be comparable to other periods presented or to other portfolios that do not have government guarantees or were not impacted by pci accounting requirements.
the following table presents activity related to npas:
table 17: rollforward of npas year ended december 31,                               2018                    2017
(dollars in millions)
balance, january 1                              $627                    $813
new npas                                       1,184                   1,297
advances and principal increases                 400                     328
disposals of foreclosed assets (1)              (459     )              (520     )
disposals of npls (2)                            (95     )              (212     )
charge-offs and losses                          (243     )              (251     )
payments                                        (673     )              (660     )
transfers to performing status                  (155     )              (164     )
other, net                                        (1     )                (4     )
ending balance, december 31                     $585                    $627
(1)   includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of $216 million and $236 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2)   includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of $31 million and $33 million for the year ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
tdrs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties in the near-term and a concession has been granted to the borrower. as a result, bb&t will work with the borrower to prevent further difficulties and ultimately improve the likelihood of recovery on the loan. to facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted, resulting in classification of the loan as a tdr.
bb&t corporation 46
the following table provides a summary of performing tdr activity:
table 18: rollforward of performing tdrs
(dollars in millions)                                       2018                        2017
balance, january 1                                 $1,043                      $1,187
inflows                                               510                         635
payments and payoffs                                 (169      )                 (253      )
charge-offs                                           (63      )                  (55      )
transfers to nonperforming tdrs, net                  (69      )                  (78      )
removal due to the passage of time                    (32      )                  (46      )
non-concessionary re-modifications                     (6      )                   (3      )
transferred to lhfs and/or sold                       (95      )                 (344      )
balance, december 31                               $1,119                      $1,043
payments and payoffs include scheduled principal payments, prepayments and payoffs of amounts outstanding. transfers to nonperforming tdrs represent loans that no longer meet the requirements necessary to reflect the loan in accruing status.
tdrs may be removed under certain conditions due to the passage of time. see additional disclosures included in "note 1. basis of presentation". these loans were previously considered tdrs as a result of structural concessions such as extended interest-only terms or an amortization period that did not otherwise conform to normal underwriting guidelines.
in addition, certain loans may be removed from classification as a tdr as a result of a subsequent non-concessionary re-modification. non-concessionary re-modifications represent tdrs that did not contain concessionary terms at the date of a subsequent renewal/modification and there was a reasonable expectation that the borrower would continue to comply with the terms of the loan subsequent to the date of the re-modification. a re-modification may be considered for such a re-classification if the loan has not had a forgiveness of principal or interest and the modified terms qualify as more than minor such that the re-modified loan is considered a new loan. alternatively, such loans may be considered for reclassification in years subsequent to the date of the re-modification based on the passage of time as described in the preceding paragraph.
in connection with consumer loan tdrs, a npl will be returned to accruing status when current as to principal and interest and upon a sustained historical repayment performance (generally a minimum of six months).
the following table provides further details regarding the payment status of tdrs outstanding at december 31, 2018:
table 19: payment status of tdrs (1)
december 31, 2018                                 current                     past due 30-89 days       past due 90 days or more                              total
(dollars in millions)
performing tdrs:
commercial:
commercial and industrial           $64          98.5   %              $1               1.5     %       $-                             -   %                $65
cre                                  10         100.0                   -                 -             -                              -                     10
retail:
residential mortgage                379          57.8                 116              17.7                     161                 24.5                    656
direct                               53          96.4                   2               3.6             -                              -                     55
indirect                            245          80.3                  60              19.7             -                              -                    305
revolving credit                     24          85.7                   3              10.7                       1                  3.6                     28
total performing tdrs               775          69.2                 182              16.3                     162                 14.5                  1,119
nonperforming tdrs                   81          46.1                   8               4.5                      87                 49.4                    176
total tdrs                         $856          66.1                $190              14.7             $249                        19.2                 $1,295
(1)   past due performing tdrs are included in past due disclosures and nonperforming tdrs are included in npl disclosures.
47 bb&t corporation acl activity related to the acl is presented in the following tables:
table 20: activity in acl year ended december 31,                                        2018                    2017                2016                2015                2014
(dollars in millions)
balance, beginning of period                           $1,609                  $1,599                $1,550              $1,534              $1,821
provision for credit losses (excluding pci loans)         583                     562                   574                 430                 280
provision (benefit) for pci loans                         (17     )               (15     )              (2   )              (2   )             (29   )
charge-offs:
commercial and industrial                                 (92     )               (95     )            (143   )             (90   )            (143   )
cre                                                       (13     )               (10     )              (9   )             (24   )             (42   )
lease financing                                            (4     )                (5     )              (6   )               -                   -
residential mortgage                                      (21     )               (47     )             (40   )             (46   )             (84   )
direct                                                    (71     )               (61     )             (53   )             (54   )             (69   )
indirect                                                 (391     )              (402     )            (366   )            (303   )            (280   )
revolving credit                                          (84     )               (76     )             (69   )             (70   )             (71   )
pci                                                        (2     )                (1     )             (15   )              (1   )             (21   )
total charge-offs                                        (678     )              (697     )            (701   )            (588   )            (710   )
recoveries:
commercial and industrial                                  39                      36                    44                  38                  45
cre                                                         8                      16                    19                  18                  33
lease financing                                             1                       2                     2                   -                   -
residential mortgage                                        2                       2                     3                   3                   7
direct                                                     23                      25                    26                  29                  29
indirect                                                   62                      60                    55                  44                  39
revolving credit                                           19                      19                    20                  20                  19
total recoveries                                          154                     160                   169                 152                 172
net charge-offs                                          (524     )              (537     )            (532   )            (436   )            (538   )
other                                                       -                       -                     9                  24                   -
balance, end of period                                 $1,651                  $1,609                $1,599              $1,550              $1,534
alll (excluding pci loans)                             $1,549                  $1,462                $1,445              $1,399              $1,410
alll for pci loans                                          9                      28                    44                  61                  64
rufc                                                       93                     119                   110                  90                  60
total acl                                              $1,651                  $1,609                $1,599              $1,550              $1,534
the acl consists of the alll, which is presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets, and the rufc, which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. the acl totaled $1.7 billion at december 31, 2018, up $42 million compared to december 31, 2017.
the alll, excluding pci, was $1.5 billion, up $87 million compared to december 31, 2017. the allowance for pci loans was $9 million, down $19 million compared to december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2018, the total allowance for loan and lease losses was 1.05% of loans and leases held for investment, compared to 1.04% at december 31, 2017. these amounts include acquired loans, which were marked to fair value and did not receive an alll at the acquisition date.
the alll was 2.99 times npls held for investment, compared to 2.62 times at december 31, 2017. at december 31, 2018, the alll was 2.98 times annual net charge-offs, compared to 2.78 times at december 31, 2017.
net charge-offs during 2018 totaled $524 million, or 0.36% of average loans and leases, down two basis points compared to 2017.
bb&t corporation 48
the following table presents an allocation of the alll at the periods shown. this allocation of the alll is calculated on an approximate basis and is not necessarily indicative of future losses or allocations. the entire amount of the allowance is available to absorb losses occurring in any category of loans and leases.
table 21: allocation of alll by category
2018                                                     2017                                                    2016                                                    2015                                                    2014
december 31,                             amount           % loans in each category                amount           % loans in each category               amount           % loans in each category               amount           % loans in each category               amount           % loans in each category
(dollars in millions)
commercial and industrial             $546                     41.5   %                        $522                     41.1   %                       $530                     40.3              %            $488                     39.6              %            $445                     38.5              %
cre                                    190                     14.1                             160                     14.8                            145                     13.8                            175                     13.5                            212                     11.8
lease financing                         11                      1.4                               9                      1.3                              7                      1.2                              5                      1.1                              4                      0.9
residential mortgage                   232                     21.1                             209                     20.0                            227                     20.8                            217                     22.4                            253                     25.9
direct                                  97                      7.8                             106                      8.3                            103                      8.4                            105                      8.2                            110                      6.8
indirect                               356                     11.7                             348                     12.0                            327                     13.0                            305                     12.6                            276                     13.0
revolving credit                       117                      2.1                             108                      2.0                            106                      1.9                            104                      1.8                            110                      2.1
pci                                      9                      0.3                              28                      0.5                             44                      0.6                             61                      0.8                             64                      1.0
total alll                           1,558                    100.0   %                       1,490                    100.0   %                      1,489                    100.0              %           1,460                    100.0              %           1,474                    100.0              %
rufc                                    93                                                      119                                                     110                                                      90                                                      60
total acl                           $1,651                                                   $1,609                                                  $1,599                                                  $1,550                                                  $1,534
bb&t monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similarly to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary alll. bb&t also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether bb&t or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. when notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, bb&t obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. these valuations are updated at least annually thereafter.
bb&t has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by bb&t. as a result, using migration assumptions that are based on historical experience and adjusted for current trends, bb&t estimates the volume of second lien positions where the first lien is delinquent and adjusts the alll to reflect the increased risk of loss on these credits. finally, bb&t also provides additional reserves for second lien positions when the estimated combined current loan to value ratio for the credit exceeds 100%. as of december 31, 2018, bb&t held or serviced the first lien on 29.8% of its second lien positions.
funding activities deposits are the primary source of funds for lending and investing activities. scheduled payments, as well as prepayments, and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds. fhlb advances, other secured borrowings, federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources. funding activities are monitored and governed through bb&t's overall asset/liability management process, which is further discussed in the "market risk management" section in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." the following section provides a brief description of the various sources of funds.
deposits deposits are attracted principally from clients within bb&t's branch network through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments to individuals and businesses, including noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, cds and iras. deposit account terms vary with respect to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and service charge schedules. interest rates paid on specific deposit types are determined based on (i) the interest rates offered by competitors, (ii) the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs, (iii) the availability and cost of alternative sources of funding, and (iv) anticipated future economic conditions and interest rates. deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and relative cost.
deposits totaled $161.2 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $3.8 billion from december 31, 2017. noninterest-bearing deposits decreased $742 million, driven by decreases in commercial balances as businesses deployed their capital in other investments. interest checking increased $453 million, primarily due to increases in commercial balances. money market and savings increased $710 million driven by increases in commercial and personal balances, partially offset by decreases in public balances. time deposits increased $3.4 billion driven by increases in commercial balances.
49 bb&t corporation the following table presents the most recent composition of average deposits:
table 22: composition of average deposits three months ended(dollars in millions)                dec 31, 2018             sep 30, 2018             jun 30, 2018             mar 31, 2018             dec 31, 2017
noninterest-bearing deposits                         $53,732                  $54,174                  $53,963                  $53,396                  $54,288
interest checking                                     26,921                   26,655                   26,969                   27,270                   26,746
money market and savings                              62,261                   62,957                   62,105                   61,690                   61,693
time deposits                                         14,682                   13,353                   13,966                   13,847                   13,744
foreign office deposits - interest-bearing   246                      132                      673                      935                                1,488
total average deposits                              $157,842                 $157,271                 $157,676                 $157,138                 $157,959
average deposits for the fourth quarter were $157.8 billion, up $571 million compared to the third quarter of 2018. average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased $442 million, driven by decreases in commercial balances.
average interest checking increased $266 million primarily due to increases in commercial and public fund balances, partially offset by a decrease in personal balances. average money market and savings deposits decreased $696 million primarily due to a decrease in commercial balances. average time deposits increased $1.3 billion primarily due to increases in commercial balances. average foreign office deposits increased $114 million due to changes in the overall funding mix.
noninterest-bearing deposits represented 34.0% of total average deposits for the fourth quarter, compared to 34.4% for the prior quarter and 34.4% a year ago. the cost of total deposits was 0.52% for the fourth quarter, up nine basis points compared to the prior quarter. the cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.78% for the fourth quarter, up 12 basis points compared to the prior quarter.
table 23: scheduled maturities of time deposits $100,000 and greater december 31, 2018
(dollars in millions)
three months or less                                            $5,423
over three through six months                                      784
over six through twelve months                                   1,297
over twelve months                                               1,447
total                                                           $8,951
borrowings the types of short-term borrowings that have been, or may be, used by the company include federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, master notes, commercial paper, short-term bank notes and short-term fhlb advances. while deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other balance sheet management purposes. the following table summarizes certain information for the past three years with respect to short-term borrowings:
table 24: short-term borrowing as of / for the year ended december 31,(dollars in millions)                  2018                  2017                  2016
securities sold under agreements to repurchase:
maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year                     $836                $1,923                $2,265
balance outstanding at end of year                                        251                   483                   970
average outstanding during the year                                       446                 1,449                 1,600
average interest rate during the year                                    1.35    %             0.70    %             0.37    %
average interest rate at end of year                                     1.59                  0.43                  0.52
federal funds purchased and short-term borrowed funds:
maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year                   $9,063                $6,859                $3,003
balance outstanding at end of year                                      4,927                 4,455                   436
average outstanding during the year                                     5,509                 2,862                   954
average interest rate during the year                                    1.92    %             1.06    %             0.30    %
average interest rate at end of year                                     2.49                  1.34                  0.71
at december 31, 2018, short-term borrowings totaled $5.2 billion, an increase of $240 million compared to december 31, 2017. short-term borrowings fluctuate based on the company's funding needs. average short-term borrowings were $6.0 billion or 2.7% of total funding on average in 2018 as compared to $4.3 billion or 2.0% in 2017.
bb&t corporation 50
long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital, and primarily consists of senior and subordinated notes issued by bb&t and branch bank. long-term debt totaled $23.7 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $61 million compared to december 31, 2017. the average cost of long-term debt was 2.88% in 2018, up 78 basis points compared to 2017.
fhlb advances represented 7.4% of total outstanding long-term debt at december 31, 2018, compared to 10.5% at december 31, 2017. see "note 8. long-term debt" for additional disclosures.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $30.2 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $483 million from december 31, 2017. significant additions include net income of $3.3 billion. significant decreases include common and preferred dividends totaling $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion of share repurchases. bb&t's book value per common share at december 31, 2018 was $35.46, compared to $34.01 at december 31, 2017.
risk management bb&t has a strong and consistent risk culture, based on established risk values, which promotes predictable and consistent performance within an environment of open communication and effective challenge. the strong culture influences all associates in the organization daily and helps them evaluate whether risks are acceptable or unacceptable while making decisions that balance quality, profitability and growth appropriately. bb&t's effective risk management framework establishes an environment which enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers, ensures that bb&t is viewed among the safest of banks and assures the operational freedom to act on opportunities.
bb&t ensures that there is an appropriate return for the amount of risk taken, and that the expected return is in line with its strategic objectives and business plan. risk-taking activities are evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns while preserving asset value. bb&t only undertakes risks that are understood and can be managed effectively. by managing risk well, bb&t ensures sufficient capital is available to maintain and grow core business operations in a safe and sound manner.
regardless of financial gain or loss to the company, associates are held accountable if they do not follow the established risk management policies and procedures. compensation decisions take into account an associate's adherence to, and successful implementation of, bb&t's risk values. the compensation structure supports the company's core values and sound risk management practices in an effort to promote judicious risk-taking behavior.
bb&t's risk culture encourages transparency and open dialogue between all levels in the performance of organizational functions, such as the development, marketing and implementation of a product or service.
bb&t has established a risk management framework based on a "three lines of defense" model:
•   first line of defense: risk management begins with the bus, the point at which risk is originated and where risks must be managed. business unit risk managers in the first line identify, assess, control and report their group's risk profile compared to its approved risk limits.
•   second line of defense: the rmo provides independent oversight and guidance of risk-taking across the enterprise. the rmo aggregates, integrates, and correlates risk information into a holistic picture of the corporation's risk profile and concentrations. the rmo establishes policies and limits and reports sources and amounts of risk to executive management and the board of directors.
•   third line of defense: audit services (bb&amp;t's internal audit function) evaluates the design and effectiveness of the risk management framework and its results. results are reported to executive management and the board of directors according to audit services policy.
beginning in 2019, bb&t bolstered its three line of defense model with the introduction of 2nd line of defense chief risk officers for each business segment and 1st line of defense business unit risk managers. the chief risk officers for each business segment serve as the second line of defense independent oversight function to aggregate, integrate, and correlate all risks that occur within the business segments and provide strategic recommendations to the cro. as the centralized first line risk function for each executive manager, the business unit risk manager ensures focus for the business unit pertaining to risk and controls by providing oversight and governance regarding its control environment.
51 bb&t corporation the following chart depicts the three lines of defense model:
risk committees       board of directors                                   executive management
1st line of defense   2nd line of defense   3rd line of defense business units        risk functions        audit services chief risk officer the cro leads the rmo, which designs, organizes and manages bb&t's risk management framework. the rmo is responsible for ensuring effective risk management oversight, measurement, monitoring, reporting and consistency. the cro has direct access to the board of directors and executive management. the cro is responsible for identifying and communicating in a timely manner to the ceo and the board of directors meaningful risks and significant instances when the rmo's assessment of risk differs from that of a bu, significant instances when a bu is not adhering to the risk governance framework, and bb&t's risk profile in relation to its risk appetite on at least a quarterly basis. in the event that the cro and ceo's assessment of risk were to differ or if the ceo were to not adhere to the risk management framework, the cro would have the responsibility to report such matters to the board of directors.
the executive management-led enterprise risk committees provide oversight of the first and second lines of defense and communicate risk appetite and values to the rmo. the cro and the enterprise risk committees approve policies, set risk limits and tolerances and monitor results.
the rmc, crmc, ormc, croc, mrlcc and ccrc are the enterprise risk committees and provide oversight of the risks as described in the common risk language. there is executive management representation in all six committees.
the risk management framework is composed of specialized risk functions focused on specific types of risk. the mrlcc, crmc, croc, ormc and ccrc provide oversight of market, liquidity, capital, credit, compliance, and operational risk while rmc provides a fully integrated view of all material risks across the company. the rmc provides oversight of all risks and its purpose is to review bb&t's aggregate risk exposure, evaluate risk appetite, and evaluate risks not reviewed by other risk committees.
the rmc is responsible for taking a broad view of risk, incorporating information from all risk functions. this combination of broad and specific focus provides the most effective framework for the management of risk. the rmc is chaired by the cro and its membership includes all members of executive management, the general auditor (ex officio) and senior leaders from financial management, the rmo and other areas.
the principal types of inherent risk include compliance, credit, liquidity, market, operational, reputation and strategic risks.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures or ethical standards. this risk exposes bb&t to fines, civil money penalties, payment of damages and the voiding of contracts. compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, reduced franchise or enterprise value, limited business opportunities and lessened expansion potential.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from the default, inability or unwillingness of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty to meet the terms of any financial obligation with bb&t or otherwise perform as agreed. credit risk exists in all activities where success depends on the performance of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty. credit risk arises when bb&t funds are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through actual or implied contractual agreements, whether on or off balance sheet. credit risk also occurs when the credit quality of an issuer whose securities or other instruments the bank holds deteriorates.
bb&t has established the following general practices to manage credit risk:
•   limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend to a borrower;
•   establishing a process for credit approval accountability;
•   careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market and collateral risks;
•   ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships;
•   continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics and the economy; and
•   periodically reevaluating the bank's strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and other relevant conditions change.
bb&t corporation 52
the following discussion presents the principal types of lending conducted by bb&t and describes the underwriting procedures and overall risk management of bb&t's lending function.
underwriting approach the loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk; therefore, proper loan underwriting is critical to bb&t's long-term financial success. bb&t's underwriting approach is designed to define acceptable combinations of specific risk-mitigating features that ensure credit relationships conform to bb&t's risk philosophy. provided below is a summary of the most significant underwriting criteria used to evaluate new loans and loan renewals:
•   cash flow and debt service coverage-cash flow adequacy is a necessary condition of creditworthiness, meaning that loans must either be clearly supported by a borrower's cash flow or, if not, must be justified by secondary repayment sources.
•   secondary sources of repayment-alternative repayment funds are a significant risk-mitigating factor as long as they are liquid, can be easily accessed and provide adequate resources to supplement the primary cash flow source.
•   value of any underlying collateral-loans are generally secured by the asset being financed. because an analysis of the primary and secondary sources of repayment is the most important factor, collateral, unless it is liquid, does not justify loans that cannot be serviced by the borrower's normal cash flows.
•   overall creditworthiness of the customer, taking into account the customer's relationships, both past and current, with bb&amp;t and other lenders-bb&amp;t's success depends on building lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, which involves assessing their financial position and background.
•   level of equity invested in the transaction-in general, borrowers are required to contribute or invest a portion of their own funds prior to any loan advances.
commercial loan and lease portfolio the commercial loan and lease portfolio represents the largest category of the company's total loan portfolio. cb-commercial generally targets small-to-middle market businesses with sales of $250 million or less, while bb&t's corporate banking group provides lending solutions to large corporate clients. the commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of dealer-based financing of equipment for small businesses, commercial equipment leasing and finance, and full-service commercial mortgage banking. bb&t offers these services to bank clients as well as nonbank clients within and outside bb&t's primary geographic market area.
in accordance with the company's lending policy, each loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process, which incorporates bb&t's underwriting approach, procedures and evaluations described above. commercial loans are typically priced with an interest rate tied to market indices, such as the prime rate or libor. commercial loans are individually monitored and reviewed for any possible deterioration in the ability of the client to repay the loan. approximately 86.4% of bb&t's commercial loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories and other types of collateral.
residential mortgage loan portfolio branch bank offers various types of fixed and adjustable-rate loans for the purpose of constructing, purchasing or refinancing residential properties. bb&t primarily originates conforming mortgage loans and higher quality jumbo and construction-to-permanent loans for owner-occupied properties. conforming loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth by fnma and fhlmc. they are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80% or less at origination, and are made to borrowers in good credit standing.
risks associated with the mortgage lending function include interest rate risk, which is mitigated through the sale of a substantial portion of conforming fixed-rate loans in the secondary mortgage market, and an effective msr hedging process. borrower risk is lessened through rigorous underwriting procedures and mortgage insurance. the right to service the loans and receive servicing income is generally retained when conforming loans are sold. management believes that the retention of mortgage servicing is a relationship driver in retail banking and a part of management's strategy to establish profitable long-term customer relationships and offer high quality client service. bb&t also purchases residential mortgage loans from correspondent originators. the loans purchased from third-party originators are subject to the same underwriting and risk-management criteria as loans originated internally.
direct loan portfolio the direct loan portfolio primarily consists of a wide variety of loan products offered through bb&t's branch network. various types of secured and unsecured loans are marketed to qualifying existing clients and to other creditworthy candidates in bb&t's market area. the vast majority of direct loans are revolving home equity lines of credit secured by first or second liens on residential real estate. direct loans are subject to rigorous lending policies and procedures and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that ensure consistency with the company's risk philosophy.
53 bb&t corporation indirect loan portfolio the indirect portfolio primarily includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. the indirect portfolio also includes nonprime and near prime automobile finance. such loans are originated through approved franchised and independent dealers throughout the bb&t market area. these loans are relatively homogeneous and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. indirect loans are subject to rigorous lending policies and procedures and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that ensure consistency with the company's risk philosophy. in addition to its normal underwriting due diligence, bb&t uses application systems and "scoring systems" to help underwrite and manage the credit risk in its indirect portfolio.
revolving credit loan portfolio the revolving credit portfolio consists of the outstanding balances on credit cards and bb&t's checking account overdraft protection product, constant credit. bb&t markets credit cards to its existing banking client base and does not solicit cardholders through nationwide programs or other forms of mass marketing. such balances are generally unsecured and actively managed.
pci the pci balance includes loans acquired with credit deterioration subsequent to origination as well as loans that were formerly covered by loss sharing agreements. refer to "note 3. loans and acl" for additional information.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital that bb&t will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding (funding liquidity risk), or that it cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk).
market risk market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. market risk results from changes in the level, volatility or correlations among financial market rates or prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices or other relevant rates or prices.
interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options embedded in bank products (options risk).
for additional information concerning bb&t's management of market risk, see the "market risk management" section of "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
operational risk operational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. this definition includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from defective transactions, litigation or claims made, or the failure to adequately protect company-owned assets.
cybersecurity in recent years, cybersecurity has gained prominence within the financial services industry due to increases in the quantity and sophistication of cyber attacks, which include significant distributed denial-of-service and credential validation attacks, malicious code and viruses and attempts to breach the security of systems, which, in certain instances, have resulted in unauthorized access to customer account data.
bb&t has a number of complex information systems used for a variety of functions by clients, associates and vendors. in addition, third parties with which bb&t does business or that facilitate business activities (e.g., vendors, exchanges, clearing houses, central depositories and financial intermediaries) could also be sources of cybersecurity risk to bb&t, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of their systems, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyber attacks which could affect the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the product or service they provide to bb&t.
as a fhc, bb&t must adhere to the security requirements and expectations of the applicable regulatory agencies, which include requirements related to data privacy, systems availability and business continuity planning, among others. the regulatory agencies have established guidelines for the responsibilities of the board of directors and senior management, which include establishing policy, appointing and training personnel, implementing review and testing functions and ensuring an appropriate frequency of updates.
bb&t corporation 54
the board of directors is responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity risk. the dts src is responsible for technology oversight, including monitoring and reporting on technical risks. the information security committee is a sub-committee to the dts src, and helps set information security strategy, including understanding and prioritizing information security capabilities and associated risks. corporate information security is responsible for day-to-day cybersecurity operations. various reports on cybersecurity are provided to executive management and a quarterly update is provided to the risk committee or the full board of directors on a rotating basis. additionally, corporate information security provides an information security annual report, which includes cybersecurity risk assessments, to the board of directors.
as a complement to the overall cybersecurity infrastructure, bb&t has multilayered defenses pertaining to cyberthreat identification, detection, protection, response and recovery. bb&t promotes data protection awareness and accountability through robust training for our associates, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. additionally, bb&t focuses on building our cybersecurity organization with advanced capabilities and highly skilled talent to help mitigate those risks. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. further, bb&t provides data protection guidance to our clients.
bb&t uses third party services as part of its cybersecurity framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with bb&t's policies regarding information security and confidentiality. bb&t also uses third party groups to assess and supplement the company's cybersecurity needs.
although cyber attacks have not resulted in any material disruption to bb&t's operations or harm to its clients and have not had a material adverse effect on bb&t's results of operations, there can be no assurance that bb&t will not suffer such disruptions, losses or other consequences in the future.
model risk management model risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. bb&t uses models for many purposes, including the valuation of financial positions and the measurement of risk. valuation models are used to value certain financial instruments for which quoted prices may not be readily available. valuation models are also used as inputs for var, regulatory capital, stress testing and the acl. models are owned by the applicable bus, who are responsible for the development, implementation and use of their models. oversight of these functions is performed by the mrm, which is a component of the rmo. once models have been approved, model owners are responsible for the maintenance of an appropriate operating environment and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on a recurring basis. models are updated in response to changes in portfolio composition, industry and economic conditions, technological capabilities and other developments.
the mrm utilizes internal validation analysts and managers with skill sets in predictive modeling to perform detailed reviews of model development, implementation and conceptual soundness. on certain occasions, the mrm will also engage external parties to assist with validation efforts. the mrm maintains documented quality assurance procedures that are used to confirm that validation analysts have completed the necessary field work in an auditable and complete fashion. the mrm tracks issues that have been identified by validation analysts and engages with model owners to ensure their timely remediation. mrm presents model limitations and risks to management and the board of directors via model validation reports and regular meetings with the ormc.
reputation risk reputation risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value, the bb&t brand, and public confidence arising from negative publicity or public opinion, whether real or perceived, regarding bb&t's business practices, products, services, transactions, or other activities undertaken by bb&t, its representatives, or its partners. a negative reputation may impair bb&t's relationship with clients, associates, communities or shareholders, and it is often a residual risk that arises when other risks are not managed properly.
strategic risk strategic risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value and the achievement of bb&t's vision, mission, purpose and business objectives consistent with its values that arises from bb&t's business strategy or potentially adverse business decisions, improper or ineffective implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. strategic risk is a function of bb&t's strategic goals, business strategies, resources and quality of implementation. the responsibility for managing this risk rests with the board of directors, executive management and the senior leadership team.
55 bb&t corporation market risk management the effective management of market risk is essential to achieving bb&t's strategic financial objectives. as a financial institution, bb&t's most significant market risk exposure is interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also includes product liquidity risk, price risk and volatility risk in bb&t's bus. the primary objectives of market risk management are to minimize any adverse effect that changes in market risk factors may have on net interest income, net income and capital and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets recorded at fair value. at bb&t, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide ipv function.
interest rate market risk (other than trading)
bb&t actively manages market risk associated with asset and liability portfolios with a focus on the strategic pricing of asset and liability accounts and management of appropriate maturity mixes of assets and liabilities. the goal of these activities is the development of appropriate maturity and repricing opportunities in bb&t's portfolios of assets and liabilities that will produce reasonably consistent net interest income during periods of changing interest rates. these portfolios are analyzed for proper fixed-rate and variable-rate mixes under various interest rate scenarios.
the asset/liability management process is designed to achieve relatively stable nim and assure liquidity by coordinating the volumes, maturities or repricing opportunities of earning assets, deposits and borrowed funds. among other things, this process gives consideration to prepayment trends related to securities, loans and leases and certain deposits that have no stated maturity. prepayment assumptions are developed using a combination of market data and internal historical prepayment experience for residential mortgage-related loans and securities, and internal historical prepayment experience for client deposits with no stated maturity and loans that are not residential mortgage related. these assumptions are subject to monthly review and adjustment, and are modified as deemed necessary to reflect changes in interest rates relative to the reference rate of the underlying assets or liabilities. on a monthly basis, bb&t evaluates the accuracy of its simulation model, which includes an evaluation of its prepayment assumptions, to ensure that all significant assumptions inherent in the model appropriately reflect changes in the interest rate environment and related trends in prepayment activity. it is the responsibility of the mrlcc to determine and achieve the most appropriate volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as to ensure an adequate level of liquidity and capital, within the context of corporate performance goals. the mrlcc also sets policy guidelines and establishes long-term strategies with respect to interest rate risk exposure and liquidity. the mrlcc meets regularly to review bb&t's interest rate risk and liquidity positions in relation to present and prospective market and business conditions, and adopts funding and balance sheet management strategies that are intended to ensure that the potential impacts on earnings and liquidity as a result of fluctuations in interest rates are within acceptable tolerance guidelines.
bb&t uses derivatives primarily to manage economic risk related to securities, commercial loans, msrs and mortgage banking operations, long-term debt and other funding sources. bb&t also uses derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients. as of december 31, 2018, bb&t had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts totaling $67.7 billion, with a net fair value loss of $1 million. see "note 17. derivative financial instruments" for additional disclosures.
the majority of bb&t's assets and liabilities are monetary in nature and, therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories. fluctuations in interest rates and actions of the frb to regulate the availability and cost of credit have a greater effect on a financial institution's profitability than do the effects of higher costs for goods and services. through its balance sheet management function, which is monitored by the mrlcc, management believes that bb&t is positioned to respond to changing needs for liquidity, changes in interest rates and inflationary trends.
management uses the simulation to measure the sensitivity of projected earnings to changes in interest rates. the simulation projects net interest income and interest rate risk for a rolling two-year period of time. the simulation takes into account the current contractual agreements that bb&t has made with its customers on deposits, borrowings, loans, investments and commitments to enter into those transactions. furthermore, the simulation considers the impact of expected customer behavior. management monitors bb&t's interest sensitivity by means of a model that incorporates the current volumes, average rates earned and paid, and scheduled maturities and payments of asset and liability portfolios, together with multiple scenarios that include projected prepayments, repricing opportunities and anticipated volume growth. using this information, the model projects earnings based on projected portfolio balances under multiple interest rate scenarios. this level of detail is needed to simulate the effect that changes in interest rates and portfolio balances may have on the earnings of bb&t. this method is subject to the accuracy of the assumptions that underlie the process, but management believes that it provides a better illustration of the sensitivity of earnings to changes in interest rates than other analyses such as static or dynamic gap. in addition to the simulation, bb&t uses eve analysis to focus on projected changes in asset and liability values given potential changes in interest rates. this measure also allows bb&t to analyze interest rate risk that falls outside the analysis window contained in the simulation. the eve model is a discounted cash flow of the portfolio of assets, liabilities, and derivative instruments. the difference in the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities is defined as the economic value of equity.
bb&t corporation 56
the asset/liability management process requires a number of key assumptions. management determines the most likely outlook for the economy and interest rates by analyzing external factors, including published economic projections and data, the effects of likely monetary and fiscal policies, as well as any enacted or prospective regulatory changes. bb&t's current and prospective liquidity position, current balance sheet volumes and projected growth, accessibility of funds for short-term needs and capital maintenance are also considered. this data is combined with various interest rate scenarios to provide management with the information necessary to analyze interest sensitivity and to aid in the development of strategies to reach performance goals.
the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on net interest income as projected for the next twelve months assuming a gradual change in interest rates as described below. key assumptions in the preparation of the table include prepayment speeds of mortgage-related and other assets, cash flows and maturities of derivative financial instruments, loan volumes and pricing, deposit beta, customer preferences and capital plans. the resulting change in net interest income reflects the level of interest rate sensitivity that income has in relation to the investment, loan and deposit portfolios.
table 25: interest sensitivity simulation analysis interest rate scenario                                                                 annualized hypothetical percentage change in net interest income linear change in prime rate                                      prime rate dec 31, 2018         dec 31, 2017            dec 31, 2018                           dec 31, 2017
up 200 bps                               7.50     %   6.50              %     1.80                    %              3.09                          %
up 100                                   6.50         5.50                    1.22                                   2.07
no change                                5.50         4.50                             -                                            -
down 100                                 4.50         3.50                             (3.17          )                             (6.62          )
down 200                                 4.00                  n/a                     (7.04          )                             n/a the mrlcc has established parameters related to interest sensitivity that prescribe a maximum negative impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios. in the event the results of the simulation model fall outside the established parameters, management will make recommendations to the mrlcc on the most appropriate response given the current economic forecast. the following parameters and interest rate scenarios are considered bb&t's primary measures of interest rate risk:
•   maximum negative impact on net interest income of 2% for the next 12 months assuming a 25 basis point change in interest rates each month for four months followed by a flat interest rate scenario for the remaining eight month period.
•   maximum negative impact on net interest income of 4% for the next 12 months assuming a 25 basis point change in interest rates each month for eight months followed by a flat interest rate scenario for the remaining four month period.
if a parallel rate change of 200 basis points cannot be modeled due to a low level of rates, a proportional limit applies, and the maximum negative impact on net interest income is adjusted on a proportional basis. regardless of the proportional limit, the negative risk exposure limit will be the greater of the 4% or the proportional limit.
management has also established a maximum negative impact on net interest income of 4% for an immediate 100 basis points parallel change in rates and 8% for an immediate 200 basis points parallel change in rates. these "interest rate shock" limits are designed to create an outer band of acceptable risk based upon a significant and immediate change in rates.
management has temporarily suspended its interest rate exposure limits to declining interest rates. although, the federal reserve has raised rates nine times beginning in december 2015, competitive pressure on deposit rates was slow to materialize. as a result, asset repricing in excess of liability repricing has caused the measured exposure to declining rates to increase. management closely monitors its interest rate risk position.
management considers how the balance sheet and interest rate risk position could be impacted by changes in balance sheet mix. liquidity in the banking industry has been very strong during the current economic cycle. much of this liquidity increase has been due to a significant increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. consistent with the industry, branch bank has seen a significant increase in this funding source. the behavior of these deposits is one of the most important assumptions used in determining the interest rate risk position of bb&t. a loss of these deposits in the future would reduce the asset sensitivity of bb&t's balance sheet as the company increases interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source.
beta represents the correlation between overall market interest rates and the rates paid by bb&t on interest-bearing deposits. bb&t applies an average beta of approximately 55% to its non-maturity interest-bearing deposit accounts for determining its interest rate sensitivity. non-maturity interest-bearing deposit accounts include interest checking accounts, savings accounts and money market accounts that do not have a contractual maturity. the actual deposit beta on non-maturity interest-bearing deposits has been less than 27% since rates began to rise in december 2015. however, bb&t expects the beta to increase as rates continue to rise as evidenced by the 39% beta on interest bearing-deposits related to the september 2018 federal funds rate increase. bb&t regularly conducts sensitivity on other key variables to determine the impact they could have on the interest rate risk position. this allows bb&t to evaluate the likely impact on its balance sheet management strategies due to a more extreme variation in a key assumption than expected.
57 bb&t corporation the following table shows the results of bb&t's interest-rate sensitivity position assuming the loss of demand deposits and an associated increase in managed rate deposits under various scenarios. for purposes of this analysis, bb&t modeled the incremental beta for the replacement of the lost demand deposits at 100%.
table 26: deposit mix sensitivity analysis linear change in rates             base scenario at december 31, 2018 (1)                     results assuming a decrease in noninterest-bearing demand deposits
$1 billion                             $5 billion up 200 bps                                     1.80                     %                   1.60               %   0.79                            %
up 100                                         1.22                                         1.09                   0.59
(1) the base scenario is equal to the annualized hypothetical percentage change in net interest income at december 31, 2018 as presented in the preceding table.
if rates increased 200 basis points, bb&t could absorb the loss of $8.9 billion, or 16.7%, of noninterest-bearing deposits and replace them with managed rate deposits with a beta of 100% before becoming neutral to interest rate changes.
the following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on eve. key assumptions in the preparation of the table include prepayment speeds of mortgage-related and other assets, cash flows and maturities of derivative financial instruments, loan volumes and pricing and deposit sensitivity.
table 27: eve simulation analysis change in interest rates                                    eve/assets            hypothetical percentage change in eve dec 31, 2018           dec 31, 2017        dec 31, 2018                 dec 31, 2017
up 200 bps                            11.7    %              11.4   %             (4.6      )%                  (5.1      )%
up 100                                12.2                   11.9                 (0.7      )                   (0.9      )
no change                             12.3                   12.0                 -                             -
down 100                              11.5                   11.1                 (6.2      )                   (7.7      )
down 200                               9.3                 n/a                    (23.9     )                   n/a market risk from trading activities bb&t also manages market risk from trading activities which consists of acting as a financial intermediary to provide its customers access to derivatives, foreign exchange and securities markets. trading market risk is managed through the use of statistical and non-statistical risk measures and limits. bb&t utilizes a historical var methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading bus. this methodology uses two years of historical data to estimate economic outcomes for a one-day time horizon at a 99% confidence level. the average 99% one-day var and the maximum daily var for the three months ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, were each less than $1 million. market risk disclosures under basel ii.5 are available in the additional disclosures section of the investor relations site on bbt.com.
liquidity liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, timely repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. in addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents and afs securities, many other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity in national money markets, growing core deposits, the repayment of loans and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale.
bb&t monitors the ability to meet customer demand for funds under both normal and stressed market conditions. in considering its liquidity position, management evaluates bb&t's funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding and national markets funding. in addition, management also evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. management also measures liquidity needs against 30 days of stressed cash outflows for branch bank and bb&t. to ensure a strong liquidity position, management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unpledged securities. bb&t follows the frb's enhanced prudential standards for purposes of determining the liquid asset buffer. bb&t's policy is to use the greater of either 5% of total assets or a range of projected net cash outflows over a 30 day period. as of december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, bb&t's liquid asset buffer was 14.7% and 14.3%, respectively, of total assets.
bb&t is considered to be a "modified lcr" holding company. bb&t would be subject to full lcr requirements if its assets were to increase above $250 billion or if it were to be considered internationally active. in october 2018, the federal banking agencies proposed changes to applicability thresholds for liquidity requirements that would amend the full lcr such that bhc's with assets between $250 billion and $700 billion, and less than $75 billion in certain other risk related exposures, would be subject to a reduced full lcr. see additional disclosures in the "regulatory considerations" section.
bb&t corporation 58
bb&t produces lcr calculations to effectively manage the position of high-quality liquid assets and the balance sheet deposit mix to optimize bb&t's liquidity position. bb&t's modified lcr was approximately 126% at december 31, 2018, compared to the regulatory minimum for such entities of 100%, which puts bb&t in full compliance with the rule. the lcr can experience volatility due to issues like maturing debt rolling into the 30 day measurement period, or client inflows and outflows. the daily change in bb&t's modified lcr averaged less than 2% during 2018 with a maximum change of approximately 12%.
bb&t routinely evaluates the impact of becoming subject to the full lcr requirement. this includes an evaluation of the changes to the balance sheet and investment strategy that would be necessary to comply with the requirement. management does not currently expect the required changes to have a material impact on bb&t's financial condition or results of operations.
parent company the purpose of the parent company is to serve as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries, with assets primarily consisting of cash on deposit with branch bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, accounts receivable from subsidiaries, and other miscellaneous assets. the principal obligations of the parent company are payments on long-term debt. the main sources of funds for the parent company are dividends and management fees from subsidiary, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. the primary uses of funds by the parent company are for investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, retirement of common stock and payments on long-term debt.
the primary source of funds used for parent company cash requirements was dividends received from subsidiaries. see "note 15. parent company financial information" for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries and debt transactions.
liquidity at the parent company is more susceptible to market disruptions. bb&t prudently manages cash levels at the parent company to cover a minimum of one year of projected cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, common and preferred dividends and scheduled debt maturities without the benefit of any new cash infusions. generally, bb&t maintains a significant buffer above the projected one year of cash outflows. in determining the buffer, bb&t considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, being a source of strength to its banking subsidiary and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. at december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017, the parent company had 28 months and 29 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected contractual cash outflows, and 19 months and 23 months, respectively, taking into account common stock dividends.
branch bank bb&t carefully manages liquidity risk at branch bank. branch bank's primary source of funding is customer deposits. continued access to customer deposits is highly dependent on the confidence the public has in the stability of branch bank and its ability to return funds to the client when requested. bb&t maintains a strong focus on its reputation in the market to ensure continued access to client deposits. bb&t integrates its risk appetite into its overall risk management framework to ensure branch bank does not exceed its risk tolerance through its lending and other risk taking functions and thus risk becoming undercapitalized. bb&t believes that sufficient capital is paramount to maintaining the confidence of its depositors and other funds providers. bb&t has extensive capital management processes in place to ensure it maintains sufficient capital to absorb losses and maintain a highly capitalized position that will instill confidence in branch bank and allow continued access to deposits and other funding sources. branch bank monitors many liquidity metrics including funding concentrations, diversification, maturity distribution, contingent funding needs and ability to meet liquidity requirements under times of stress.
branch bank has several major sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements, including access to capital markets through issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes and institutional cds, access to the fhlb system, dealer repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements with commercial clients, access to the overnight and term federal funds markets, use of a cayman branch facility, access to retail brokered cds and a borrower in custody program with the frb for the discount window. at december 31, 2018, branch bank has approximately $78.9 billion of secured borrowing capacity, which represents approximately 5.2 times the amount of one year wholesale funding maturities.
the ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies' views of the parent company's and branch bank's credit quality, liquidity, capital and earnings. management meets with the rating agencies on a regular basis to discuss current outlooks. the ratings for bb&t and branch bank by the major rating agencies are detailed in the table below:
59 bb&t corporation table 28: credit ratings of bb&amp;t corporation and branch bank s&amp;p               moody's (1)                      fitch                 dbrs bb&amp;t corporation:
commercial paper                      a-2                   n/a                              f1                    r-1(low)
issuer                                a-                    a2                               a+                    a(high)
lt/senior debt                        a-                    a2                               a+                    a(high)
subordinated debt                     bbb+                  a2                               a                     a preferred stock                       bbb-                  baa1(hyb)                        bbb-                  bbb(high)
branch bank:
long term deposits                    n/a                   aa1                              aa-                   aa(low)
lt/senior unsecured bank notes        a                     a1                               a+                    aa(low)
other long term senior obligations    a                     n/a                              a+                    aa(low)
other short term senior obligations   a-1                   n/a                              f1                    r-1(middle)
short term bank notes                 a-1                   p-1                              f1                    r-1(middle)
short term deposits                   n/a                   p-1                              f1+                   r-1(middle)
subordinated bank notes               a-                    a2                               a                     a(high)
ratings outlook:
credit trend                          stable                rating under review              stable                positive
1)   in connection with the pending suntrust merger, moody's placed bb&amp;t's credit ratings under review for possible downgrade.
bb&t and branch bank have contingency funding plans designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet their ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. these plans are designed to examine and quantify the organization's liquidity under various "stress" scenarios. additionally, the plans provide a framework for management and other critical personnel to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. the plans address authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction. the liquidity options available to management could include seeking secured funding, asset sales, and under the most extreme scenarios, curtailing new loan originations.
management believes current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet bb&t's current requirements and plans for continued growth. see "note 4. premises and equipment," "note 8. long-term debt" and "note 13. commitments and contingencies" for additional information regarding outstanding balances of sources of liquidity and contractual commitments and obligations.
contractual obligations, commitments, contingent liabilities and off-balance sheet arrangements the following table presents, as of december 31, 2018, bb&t's contractual obligations by payment date. the payment amounts represent those amounts contractually due to the recipient. the table excludes liabilities recorded where management cannot reasonably estimate the timing of any payments that may be required in connection with these liabilities. further discussion of the nature of bb&t's obligations is included in "note 13. commitments and contingencies."
table 29: contractual obligations and other commitments december 31, 2018                                                    total             less than 1 year              1 to 3 years              3 to 5 years             after 5 years
(dollars in millions)
long-term debt and capital leases                             $23,802                    $4,837                    $10,015                    $3,828                    $5,122
operating leases                                                1,217                       217                        361                       260                       379
commitments to fund affordable housing investments                919                       586                        277                        26                        30
private equity and other investments commitments (1)              331                        74                        121                        93                        43
time deposits                                                  16,577                    12,308                      3,629                       636                         4
contractual interest payments (2)                               2,766                       849                        999                       520                       398
purchase obligations (3)                                        1,238                       565                        578                        75                        20
nonqualified benefit plan obligations (4)                       1,153                        16                         33                        37                     1,067
total contractual cash obligations                            $48,003                   $19,452                    $16,013                    $5,475                    $7,063
(1)   based on estimated payment dates.
(2)   includes accrued interest, future contractual interest obligations and the impact of hedges in a loss position. other derivatives are excluded. variable rate payments are based upon the rate in effect at december 31, 2018.
(3)   represents obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. many of the purchase obligations have terms that are not fixed and determinable and are included in the table above based upon the estimated timing and amount of payment. in addition, certain of the purchase agreements contain clauses that would allow bb&amp;t to cancel the agreement with specified notice; however, that impact is not included in the table above.
(4)   although technically unfunded plans, rabbi trusts and insurance policies on the lives of certain of the covered employees are available to finance future benefit plan payments.
bb&t corporation 60
bb&t's commitments include investments in affordable housing projects throughout its market area and private equity funds. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 13. commitments and contingencies" for further discussion of these commitments.
in addition, bb&t enters into derivative contracts to manage various financial risks. a derivative is a financial instrument that derives its cash flows, and therefore its value, by reference to an underlying instrument, index or referenced interest rate. derivative contracts are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets with the fair value representing the net present value of expected future cash receipts or payments based on market interest rates as of the balance sheet date. derivative contracts are written in amounts referred to as notional amounts, which only provide the basis for calculating payments between counterparties and are not a measure of financial risk. therefore, the derivative liabilities recorded on the balance sheet as of december 31, 2018 do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under these contracts. further discussion of derivative instruments is included in "note 1. basis of presentation" and "note 17. derivative financial instruments."
in the ordinary course of business, bb&t indemnifies its officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities arising from litigation. bb&t also issues standard representation and warranties in underwriting agreements, merger and acquisition agreements, loan sales, brokerage activities and other similar arrangements. counterparties in many of these indemnifications provide similar indemnifications to bb&t. although these agreements often do not specify limitations, bb&t does not believe that any payments related to these guarantees would materially change the financial condition or results of operations of bb&t.
bb&t holds public funds in certain states that do not require 100% collateralization on public fund bank deposits. in these states, should the failure of another public fund depository institution result in a loss for the public entity, the resulting uncollateralized deposit shortfall would have to be absorbed on a pro-rata basis (based upon the public deposits held by each bank within the respective state) by the remaining financial institutions holding public funds in that state. bb&t monitors deposits levels relative to the total public deposits held by all depository institutions within these states.
as a member of the fhlb, bb&t is required to maintain a minimum investment in capital stock. the board of directors of the fhlb can increase the minimum investment requirements in the event it has concluded that additional capital is required to allow it to meet its own regulatory capital requirements. any increase in the minimum investment requirements outside of specified ranges requires the approval of the federal housing finance agency. because the extent of any obligation to increase bb&t's investment in the fhlb depends entirely upon the occurrence of a future event, potential future payments to the fhlb are not determinable.
in the normal course of business, bb&t is also a party to financial instruments to meet the financing needs of clients and to mitigate exposure to certain risks. such financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and certain contractual agreements, including standby letters of credit and financial guarantee arrangements. further discussion of bb&t's commitments is included in "note 13. commitments and contingencies" and "note 16. fair value disclosures."
capital the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. bb&t's principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support bb&t's risk profile consistent with the board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for bb&t and its subsidiaries and provide a competitive return to shareholders. risk-based capital ratios, which include cet1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets.
management regularly monitors the capital position of bb&t on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. in this regard, management's overriding policy is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital targets, which are above the regulatory "well capitalized" levels. management has implemented stressed capital ratio minimum targets to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated with planned capital actions are likely to remain above minimums specified by the frb for the annual ccar. breaches of stressed minimum targets prompt a review of the planned capital actions included in bb&t's capital plan.
table 30: capital requirements under basel iii minimum capital           well-capitalized                 minimum capital plus capital conservation buffer                      bb&amp;t targets
2018                                           2019               operating (1)                          stressed cet1 capital to risk-weighted assets         4.5   %                   6.5          %            6.375           %   7.000                   %                   8.5     %         6.0     %
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets       6.0                       8.0                       7.875               8.500                                      10.0               7.5
total capital to risk-weighted assets        8.0                      10.0                       9.875               10.500                                     12.0               9.5
leverage ratio                               4.0                       5.0                                     n/a               n/a                             8.0               5.5
(1)   bb&amp;t's goal is to maintain capital levels above all regulatory minimums.
61 bb&t corporation while nonrecurring events or management decisions may result in the company temporarily falling below its operating minimum guidelines for one or more of these ratios, it is management's intent to return to these targeted operating minimums within a reasonable period of time through capital planning. such temporary decreases below the operating minimums shown above are not considered an infringement of bb&t's overall capital policy, provided a return above the minimums is forecasted to occur within a reasonable time period.
payments of cash dividends and repurchases of common shares are the methods used to manage any excess capital generated. in addition, management closely monitors the parent company's double leverage ratio (investments in subsidiaries as a percentage of shareholders' equity). the active management of the subsidiaries' equity capital, as described above, is the process used to manage this important driver of parent company liquidity and is a key element in the management of bb&t's capital position.
management intends to maintain capital at branch bank at levels that will result in classification as "well-capitalized" for regulatory purposes. secondarily, it is management's intent to maintain branch bank's capital at levels that result in regulatory risk-based capital ratios that are generally comparable with peers of similar size, complexity and risk profile. if the capital levels of branch bank increase above these guidelines, excess capital may be transferred to the parent company in the form of special dividend payments, subject to regulatory and other operating considerations.
bb&t regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the company's capital plans to the banking regulators. the frb did not object to the company's 2018 capital plan. on february 5, 2019, the frb notified banks with less than $250 billion in assets that they will not need to participate in the 2019 supervisory stress test. however, bb&t may need to provide additional information as a result of the pending merger with suntrust. following the completion of the merger of equals with suntrust, management's capital deployment plan in order of preference is to focus on 1) organic growth, 2) dividends and 3) strategic opportunities and/or share repurchases depending on opportunities in the marketplace and bb&t's interest and ability to proceed with acquisitions. bb&t has suspended share repurchases as a result of the pending merger of equals with suntrust.
branch bank's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 31: capital ratios - branch bank december 31,                                              2018                    2017
cet1 to risk-weighted assets                      11.2       %            11.3       %
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets            11.2                    11.3
total capital to risk-weighted assets             13.2                    13.3
leverage ratio                                     9.3                     9.4
bb&t's capital ratios are presented in the following table:
table 32: capital ratios - bb&amp;t corporation december 31,                                                                                 2018                            2017
(dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands)
risk-based:
cet1 capital to risk-weighted assets                                                 10.2       %                    10.2       %
tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets                                               11.8                            11.9
total capital to risk-weighted assets                                                13.8                            13.9
leverage ratio                                                                        9.9                             9.9
non-gaap capital measure (1):
tangible common equity per common share                                            $21.89                          $21.07
calculation of tangible common equity (1):
total shareholders' equity                                                        $30,178                         $29,695
less:
preferred stock                                                                     3,053                           3,053
noncontrolling interests                                                               56                              47
intangible assets, net of deferred taxes                                           10,360                          10,117
tangible common equity                                                            $16,709                         $16,478
risk-weighted assets                                                             $181,260                        $177,217
common shares outstanding at end of period                                        763,326                         782,006
(1)   tangible common equity and related measures are non-gaap measures that exclude the impact of intangible assets and their related amortization. these measures are useful for evaluating the performance of a business consistently, whether acquired or developed internally. bb&amp;t's management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and returns relative to balance sheet risk and believes investors may find them useful in their analysis of the corporation. these capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies.
bb&t corporation 62
during 2018, bb&t completed $1.2 billion of stock repurchases and paid $1.2 billion in common stock dividends, which resulted in a total payout ratio of 78.7%for the year.
bb&t's board of directors increased the dividend $0.075 during 2018, which increased the amount of the quarterly dividend to $0.405 per share. as of december 31, 2018, the remaining stock repurchases authorized by the board of directors totaled $1.1 billion. bb&t has suspended share repurchases as a result of the pending merger of equals with suntrust.
table 33: quarterly financial summary - unaudited
2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2017
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                   fourth quarter            third quarter           second quarter            first quarter           fourth quarter            third quarter           second quarter            first quarter consolidated summary of operations:
interest income                                             $2,136                       $2,069                   $1,994                   $1,921                   $1,898                   $1,877                   $1,824                   $1,775
interest expense                                               431                          382                      337                      288                      254                      230                      189                      166
provision for credit losses                                    146                          135                      135                      150                      138                      126                      135                      148
noninterest income                                           1,235                        1,239                    1,222                    1,180                    1,225                    1,166                    1,220                    1,171
noninterest expense                                          1,784                        1,742                    1,720                    1,686                    1,855                    1,745                    1,742                    2,102
provision for income taxes                                     205                          210                      202                      186                      209                      294                      304                      104
net income                                                     805                          839                      822                      791                      667                      648                      674                      426
noncontrolling interest                                          7                            7                        3                        3                        9                        8                       (1      )                 5
preferred stock dividends                                       44                           43                       44                       43                       44                       43                       44                       43
net income available to common shareholders                   $754                         $789                     $775                     $745                     $614                     $597                     $631                     $378
basic eps                                                    $0.99                        $1.02                    $1.00                    $0.96                    $0.78                    $0.75                    $0.78                    $0.47
diluted eps                                                  $0.97                        $1.01                    $0.99                    $0.94                    $0.77                    $0.74                    $0.77                    $0.46
selected average balances:
assets                                                    $223,625                     $222,674                 $221,344                 $221,419                 $222,525                 $220,732                 $221,018                 $219,961
securities, at amortized cost                               46,610                       46,299                   47,145                   48,374                   48,093                   45,968                   45,410                   44,607
loans and leases (1)                                       148,457                      147,489                  145,752                  143,906                  144,089                  144,181                  144,327                  143,698
total earning assets                                       197,213                      196,200                  195,094                  194,530                  195,305                  193,073                  193,386                  192,564
deposits                                                   157,842                      157,271                  157,676                  157,138                  157,959                  157,414                  160,263                  161,383
short-term borrowings                                        6,979                        6,023                    5,323                    5,477                    6,342                    5,983                    2,748                    2,105
long-term debt                                              23,488                       24,211                   23,639                   23,677                   22,639                   21,459                   21,767                   20,757
total interest-bearing liabilities                         134,577                      133,331                  132,675                  132,896                  132,652                  131,367                  132,205                  133,150
shareholders' equity                                        29,965                       29,887                   29,585                   29,528                   29,853                   29,948                   30,302                   29,903
(1)   loans and leases are net of unearned income and include lhfs.
fourth quarter results consolidated net income available to common shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2018 totaling $754 million was up 22.8% compared to $614 million earned during the same period in 2017. on a diluted per common share basis, earnings for the fourth quarter of 2018 were $0.97, up 26.0% compared to $0.77 for the same period in 2017. bb&t's results of operations for the fourth quarter of 2018 produced an annualized return on average assets of 1.43% and an annualized return on average common shareholders' equity of 11.14%, compared to prior year ratios of 1.19% and 9.10%, respectively.
total te revenues were $3.0 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018, an increase of $57 million compared to the earlier quarter. this reflects an increase of $47 million in taxable-equivalent net interest income and an increase of $10 million in noninterest income.
net interest margin was 3.49%, up six basis points compared to the earlier quarter. average earning assets increased $1.9 billion. the increase in average earnings assets reflects a $4.4 billion increase in average total loans and leases, partially offset by decreases of $1.5 billion and $977 million in average securities and other earning assets, respectively. average interest-bearing liabilities increased $1.9 billion compared to the earlier quarter. average long-term debt increased $849 million, while average short-term borrowings increased $637 million and average interest-bearing deposits increased $439 million. the annualized yield on the total loan portfolio for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 4.96%, up 46 basis points compared to the earlier quarter, reflecting the impact of rate increases. the annualized taxable-equivalent yield on the average securities portfolio was 2.53%, up 11 basis points compared to the earlier period.
63 bb&t corporation the average annualized cost of total deposits was 0.52%, up 26 basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average annualized cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.78%, up 38 basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average annualized rate on long-term debt was 3.19%, up 83 basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the average annualized rate on short-term borrowings was 2.18%, up 105 basis points compared to the earlier quarter. the higher rates on interest-bearing liabilities also reflect the impact of rate increases.
the provision for credit losses was $146 million compared to $138 million in the earlier quarter. net charge-offs for the fourth quarter of 2018 totaled $143 million compared to $130 million for the earlier quarter.
noninterest income was $1.2 billion, an increase of $10 million from the earlier quarter. excluding a $37 million decrease in income related to assets for certain post-employment benefits, which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense, noninterest income increased $47 million.
noninterest expense for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $1.8 billion, down $71 million compared to the earlier quarter. the current quarter includes $28 million of additional operating expenses associated with the regions insurance acquisition and an increase of $54 million in merger-related and restructuring charges. the earlier quarter included $136 million of expenses due to actions taken in connection with the passage of tax reform legislation. noninterest expenses were lower $37 million related to assets for certain post-employment benefits, which is primarily offset by lower noninterest income. excluding these items, noninterest expense was up $20 million compared to the earlier quarter.
the provision for income taxes was $205 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $209 million for the earlier quarter. this produced an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2018 of 20.3%, compared to 23.9% for the earlier quarter. the provision for income taxes for the current quarter reflects the new lower federal tax rate while the earlier quarter included a net tax benefit of $43 million related to the impact of tax reform.
reclassifications in certain circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the current presentation. such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders' equity or net income.
critical accounting policies the accounting and reporting policies of bb&t are in accordance with gaap and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. the financial position and results of operations are affected by management's application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. understanding bb&t's accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. accordingly, bb&t's significant accounting policies and changes in accounting principles and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in "note 1. basis of presentation."
the following is a summary of bb&t's critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions and judgments. these critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a periodic basis.
acl bb&t's policy is to maintain an alll and a rufc that represent management's best estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. estimates for loan and lease losses are determined by analyzing historical loan and lease losses, historical loan and lease migration to charge-off experience, current trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, expected cash flows on purchased loans, current assessment of impaired loans and leases, the results of regulatory examinations and changes in the size, composition and risk assessment of the loan and lease portfolio. as part of this process, bb&t develops a series of loss estimate factors, which are modeled projections of the frequency and severity of losses. these loss estimate factors are based on historical loss experience, economic and political environmental considerations and any other data that management believes will provide evidence about the collectability of outstanding loan and lease amounts. the following table summarizes the loss estimate factors used to determine the alll:
loss estimate factor   description loss frequency         indicates the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on a loan loss severity          indicates the amount of estimated loss at the time of default bb&t corporation 64
for collectively evaluated loans, the alll is determined by multiplying the loan exposure estimated at the time of default by the loss frequency and loss severity factors. for individually evaluated loans, the alll is determined through review of data specific to the borrower. for tdrs, default expectations and estimated slower prepayment speeds that are specific to each of the restructured loan populations are incorporated in the determination of the alll. also included in management's estimates for loan and lease losses are considerations with respect to the impact of current economic events, the outcomes of which are uncertain. these events may include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in overall interest rates, political conditions, legislation that may directly or indirectly affect the banking industry and economic conditions affecting specific geographical areas and industries in which bb&t conducts business.
the methodology used to determine an estimate for the rufc is inherently similar to the methodology used in calculating the alll adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and exposure at the time of funding. a detailed discussion of the methodology used in determining the alll and the rufc is included in "note 1. basis of presentation."
fair value of financial instruments the vast majority of assets and liabilities carried at fair value are based on either quoted market prices or market prices for similar instruments. see "note 16. fair value disclosures" for additional disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments.
securities bb&t generally utilizes a third-party pricing service in determining the fair value of its afs and trading securities. fair value measurements are derived from market-based pricing matrices that were developed using observable inputs that include benchmark yields, benchmark securities, reported trades, offers, bids, issuer spreads and broker quotes. management performs procedures to evaluate the fair values provided by the third-party service provider. these procedures, which are performed independent of the responsible bu, include comparison of pricing information received from the third party pricing service to other third party pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the third party pricing service and other third party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on security sales to the daily pricing information received from the third party pricing service. the ipv committee, which provides oversight to bb&t's enterprise-wide ipv function, is responsible for oversight of the comparison of pricing information received from the third party pricing service to other third party pricing sources, approving tolerance limits determined by ipv for price comparison exceptions, reviewing significant changes to pricing and valuation policies and reviewing and approving the pricing decisions made on any illiquid and hard-to-price securities. when market observable data is not available, which generally occurs due to the lack of liquidity for certain securities, the valuation of the security is subjective and may involve substantial judgment by management.
bb&t periodically reviews afs securities with an unrealized loss. an unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. the purpose of the review is to consider the length of time and the extent to which the market value of a security has been below its amortized cost. the primary factors bb&t considers in determining whether an impairment is other-than-temporary are long-term expectations and recent experience regarding principal and interest payments and bb&t's intent to sell and whether it is more likely than not that the company would be required to sell those securities before the anticipated recovery of the amortized cost basis.
msrs bb&t's primary class of msrs for which it separately manages the economic risks relates to residential mortgages. residential msrs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. while sales of msrs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. accordingly, bb&t estimates the fair value of residential msrs using a stochastic oas valuation model to project residential msr cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates. the oas model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenue, costs to service and other economic factors. bb&t reassesses and periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions in the oas model to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the residential msr asset.
fair value estimates and assumptions are compared to industry surveys, recent market activity, actual portfolio experience and, when available, observable market data. due to the nature of the valuation inputs, residential msrs are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. the value of residential msrs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. in general, during periods of declining interest rates, the value of msrs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity. conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the value of residential msrs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity. bb&t typically hedges against market value changes in the residential msrs. refer to "note 6. loan servicing" for quantitative disclosures reflecting the effect that changes in management's assumptions would have on the fair value of residential msrs.
65 bb&t corporation lhfs bb&t originates certain mortgage loans for sale to investors that are carried at fair value. the fair value is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. changes in the fair value are recorded as a component of mortgage banking income, while the related origination costs are recognized in noninterest expense when incurred. the changes in fair value are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the lhfs. bb&t uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the economic effect of changes in fair value of the underlying loans.
derivative assets and liabilities bb&t uses derivatives to manage various financial risks. bb&t mitigates credit risk by subjecting counterparties to credit reviews and approvals similar to those used in making loans and other extensions of credit. in addition, certain counterparties are required to provide collateral to bb&t when their unsecured loss positions exceed certain negotiated limits. the fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on quoted market prices and internal pricing models that use market observable data. the fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which are related to mortgage loan commitments, is based on quoted market prices adjusted for commitments that bb&t does not expect to fund and includes the value attributable to the net servicing fee.
intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, which are inherently subjective. the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received, which is also subjective. acquisitions also typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. refer to "note 1. basis of presentation" for a description of the impairment testing process. management considers the sensitivity of the significant assumptions in its impairment analysis including consideration of a 10% change in estimated future cash flows or the discount rate for each reporting unit.
pension and postretirement benefit obligations bb&t offers various pension plans and postretirement benefit plans to employees. calculation of the obligations and related expenses under these plans requires the use of actuarial valuation methods and assumptions, which are subject to management judgment and may differ significantly if different assumptions are used. the discount rate assumption used to measure the postretirement benefit obligations is set by reference to a high-quality (aa-rated or higher) corporate bond yield curve and the individual characteristics of the plans such as projected cash flow patterns and payment durations. management considered the sensitivity changes that the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate would have on pension expense. a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate would result in additional pension expense of approximately $31 million for 2019, while a decrease of 100 basis points in the expected return on plan assets would result in an increase of approximately $60 million in pension expense for 2019. refer to "note 12. benefit plans" for disclosures related to the benefit plans.
bb&t corporation 66
