item 1a. risk factors these risks, which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this report, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of raw materials, especially feed grains, live cattle, live swine and other inputs could negatively impact our earnings.
our results of operations and financial condition, as well as the selling prices for our products, are dependent upon the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials such as beef, pork, poultry, corn, soybean, packaging materials and energy and, to a lesser extent, cheese, fruit, seasoning blends, flour, corn syrup, corn oils, butter and sugar. corn, soybean meal and other feed ingredients, for instance, represented roughly 56% of our cost of growing a live chicken in fiscal 2018.
7
production and pricing of these commodities are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. such factors include, among other things, weather patterns throughout the world, outbreaks of disease, the global level of supply inventories and demand for grains and other feed ingredients, as well as agricultural and energy policies of domestic and foreign governments.
volatility in our commodity and raw material costs directly impact our gross margin and profitability. the company's objective is to offset commodity price increases with pricing actions over time. however, we may not be able to increase our product prices enough to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors. in addition, if we increase prices to offset higher costs, we could experience lower demand for our products and sales volumes. conversely, decreases in our commodity and other input costs may create pressure on us to decrease our prices. while we use derivative financial instruments, primarily futures and options, to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity, we do not fully hedge against changes in commodities prices.
over time, if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs, to offset operating cost increases with continuous improvement savings or are not successful in our commodity hedging program, then commodity and raw material price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our profitability, financial condition and results of operations.
the prices we receive for our products may fluctuate due to competition from other food producers and processors.
the food industry in general is intensely competitive. we face competition from other food producers and processors that have various product ranges and geographic reach. some of the factors on which we compete include: pricing, product safety and quality, brand identification, innovation, breadth and depth of product offerings, availability of our products (including distribution channels used, such as e-commerce) and competing products, customer service, and credit terms.
from time to time in response to these competitive pressures or to maintain market share, we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products or increase or reallocate spending on marketing, advertising and promotions and new product innovation. such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures, or any failure to increase prices to offset cost increases, could harm our profit margins. if we reduce prices but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset the price changes, then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. alternatively, if we do not reduce our prices and our competitors seek advantage through pricing or promotional changes, our revenues and market share could be adversely affected.
outbreaks of livestock diseases can adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and the supply and demand for our products.
supply of and demand for our products can be adversely impacted by outbreaks of livestock diseases, which can have a significant impact on our financial results. efforts are taken to control disease risks by adherence to good production practices and extensive precautionary measures designed to ensure the health of livestock. however, outbreaks of disease and other events, which may be beyond our control, either in our own livestock or livestock owned by independent producers who sell livestock to us, could significantly affect demand for our products, consumer perceptions of certain protein products, the availability of livestock for purchase by us and our ability to conduct our operations. moreover, the outbreak of livestock diseases, particularly in our chicken segment, could have a significant effect on the livestock we own by requiring us to, among other things, destroy any affected livestock. furthermore, an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our products to or from our suppliers, facilities or customers. this could also result in negative publicity that may have an adverse effect on our ability to market our products successfully and on our financial results.
the integration of recent acquisitions may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, and the acquisition may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits, including cost synergies.
the success of recent acquisitions, including the realization of the anticipated benefits, will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner. we may not be able to accomplish this integration process smoothly or successfully. the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. failure to effectively integrate the businesses could adversely impact the expected benefits of the acquisitions, including cost synergies arising from supply chain efficiencies, merchandising activities and overlapping general and administrative functions.
the integration of large companies is complex, and we will be required to devote significant management attention and incur substantial costs to integrate these businesses and tyson's business practices, policies, cultures and operations. this diversion of our management's attention from day-to-day business operations and the execution and pursuit of strategic plans and initiatives could result in performance shortfalls, which could adversely impact the combined company's business, operations and financial results. the integration process could also result in the loss of key employees, which could adversely impact the combined company's future financial results.
8
furthermore, during the integration planning process, we may encounter additional challenges and difficulties, including those related to, without limitation, managing a larger combined company; streamlining supply chains, consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating overlapping operations; retaining our existing vendors and customers; unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems; and unforeseen and unexpected liabilities related to recent acquisitions. delays encountered in the integration could adversely impact the business, financial condition and operations of the combined company.
we continue to evaluate our estimates of synergies to be realized from recent acquisitions and refine them. our actual cost savings could differ materially from our current estimates. actual cost savings, the costs required to realize the cost savings and the source of the cost savings could differ materially from our estimates, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve the full amount of cost savings on the schedule anticipated or at all or that these cost savings programs will not have other adverse effects on our business. in light of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on our estimated cost savings.
finally, we may not be able to achieve the targeted operating or long-term strategic benefits of the recent acquisitions in a timely manner or at all or could incur higher transition costs than anticipated. an inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may not realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our financial fitness program, which may prove to be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, our board of directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the "financial fitness program"), which is expected to contribute to the company's overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. for more information regarding this program, refer to the heading "overview" set forth in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this report.
the success of the financial fitness program, including the realization of the anticipated benefits, will depend in part on our ability to successfully implement the program in an efficient and effective manner. the implementation of the financial fitness program may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and the financial fitness program may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits. if we are unable to implement the financial fitness program smoothly or successfully, or we otherwise do not capture the anticipated savings, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be negatively impacted.
in addition, we may incur higher costs associated with reductions in overhead than anticipated, and the reduction in overhead could result in performance shortfalls. the financial fitness program may become a distraction for our organization and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and result in negative publicity which could affect our corporate reputation. if we are unable to successfully manage the negative consequences of the financial fitness program, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be adversely affected.
we may experience difficulties in implementing an enterprise resource planning system over the next few years.
we are engaged in a multi-year implementation of an enterprise resource planning ("erp") system. such an implementation is a major undertaking from a financial, management, and personnel perspective. the implementation of the erp system may prove to be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and there can be no assurance that this system will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated. any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new erp system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, produce financial reports, or otherwise operate our business. as we implement our new erp system, our exposure to system attacks may be elevated because we will be running old and new processes in parallel and must simultaneously protect both the new system and legacy systems. if we are unable to implement the erp system smoothly or successfully, or we otherwise do not capture anticipated benefits, our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be negatively impacted. additionally, our implementation of the erp system may involve greater utilization of third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. problems faced by us or our third-party "cloud" computing providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition for future periods.
we are subject to risks associated with our international activities, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries, as well as our operations and assets in such countries.
in fiscal 2018, we sold products to approximately 125 countries. major sales markets include canada, central america, china, the european union, japan, mexico, the middle east, south korea and taiwan. our sales to customers in foreign countries for fiscal 2018 totaled $4.8 billion, of which $4.2 billion related to export sales from the united states. in addition, we had approximately $212 million of long-lived assets located in foreign countries, primarily brazil, china, european union and new zealand, at the end of fiscal 2018.
9
as a result, we are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including:
•   imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries regarding the importation of beef, pork, poultry, and prepared foods products, in addition to import or export licensing requirements imposed by various foreign countries;
•   closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of beef, pork, and poultry products due to animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues;
•   impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the united states dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the brazilian real, the british pound sterling, the canadian dollar, the chinese renminbi, the european euro, the japanese yen and the mexican peso;
•   political and economic conditions;
•   difficulties and costs to comply with, and enforcement of remedies under, a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws, treaties and regulations, including, without limitation, the united states foreign corrupt practices act and economic and trade sanctions enforced by the united states department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control;
•   different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
•   tax rates that may exceed those in the united states and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation;
•   potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; and
•   distribution costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation.
negative consequences relating to these risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of those markets where we operate or in other developing markets and could adversely affect our financial results.
we depend on the availability of, and good relations with, our employees.
we have approximately 121,000 employees, approximately 33,000 of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. our operations depend on the availability and relative costs of labor and maintaining good relations with employees and the labor unions. if we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the labor unions, we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results.
if we are unable to attract, hire or retain key employees or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our continued growth requires us to attract, hire, retain and develop key employees, including our executive officers and senior management team, and maintain a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. we compete to attract and hire highly skilled employees and our own employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies. competition could cause us to lose talented employees, and unplanned turnover could deplete our institutional knowledge and result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees.
we depend on contract growers and independent producers to supply us with livestock.
we contract primarily with independent contract growers to raise the live chickens and turkeys processed in our poultry operations. a majority of our cattle and hogs are purchased from independent producers who sell livestock to us under marketing contracts or on the open market. if we do not attract and maintain contracts with growers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers, our production operations could be negatively affected.
if our products become contaminated, we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls, which could adversely affect our financial results and damage our reputation.
our products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as listeria monocytogenes, salmonella and e. coli. these organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment and there is a risk that one or more, as a result of food processing, could be present in our products. these organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further-processing, foodservice or consumer level. these risks may be controlled, but may not be eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. we have little, if any, control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, increased scrutiny and penalties, including injunctive relief and plant closings, by federal and state regulatory agencies, and adverse publicity, which could exacerbate the associated negative consumer reaction. any of these occurrences may have an adverse effect on our financial results. in addition, we may be required to recall some of our products if they spoil, become contaminated, are tampered with or are mislabeled. a widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands.
10
changes in consumer preference and failure to maintain favorable consumer perception of our brands and products could negatively impact our business.
the food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations, but we may not be successful in our efforts.
we could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products or ingredients or loss of confidence in the food safety system generally could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences or the products becoming unavailable to consumers.
failure to continually innovate and successfully launch new products and maintain our brand image through marketing investment could adversely impact our operating results.
our financial success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences, purchasing behaviors and dietary habits and successfully developing and launching new products and product extensions that consumers want in the channels where they shop. we devote significant resources to new product development and product extensions, however we may not be successful in developing innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. to the extent we are not able to effectively gauge the direction of our key markets and successfully identify, develop, manufacture and market new or improved products in these changing markets, such as adapting to emerging e-commerce channels, our financial results and our competitive position will suffer. in addition, our introduction of new products or product extensions may generate litigation or other legal proceedings against us by competitors claiming infringement of their intellectual property or other rights, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
we also seek to maintain and extend the image of our brands through marketing investments, including advertising, consumer promotions and trade spend. due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising, promotions and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance, our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. continuing global focus on health and wellness, including weight management, and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices.
our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image also depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. the growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our reputation and brand image.
we are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products, for instance marketing to children, which may limit our ability to maintain or extend our brand image. if we do not maintain or extend our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
failure to leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products, especially during economic downturn, may adversely affect our profitability.
in many product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with private label products that generally are sold at lower prices. consumers are more likely to purchase our products if they believe that our products provide a higher quality and greater value than less expensive alternatives. if the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows, or if there is a perception of such a narrowing, consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. in addition, in periods of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more lower-priced private label or other economy brands. to the extent this occurs, we could experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. in addition, in times of economic uncertainty, consumers reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at our foodservice customers, which in turn reduces our product sales.
11
our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could negatively impact our business and liquidity position.
our indebtedness, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, may increase from time to time for various reasons, including fluctuations in operating results, working capital needs, capital expenditures and possible acquisitions, joint ventures or other significant initiatives. our consolidated indebtedness level could adversely affect our business because:
•   it may limit or impair our ability to obtain financing in the future;
•   our credit ratings (or any decrease to our credit ratings) could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at desired interest rates and increase our borrowing costs;
•   it may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise;
•   a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes; and
•   it may restrict our ability to pay dividends.
our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions, in each case, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in addition, we are required to maintain minimum interest expense coverage and maximum debt to capitalization ratios.
our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations, mergers and sales of assets.
an impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. in assessing the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, royalty rates, ebitda multiples, and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. goodwill valuations have been calculated principally using an income approach. the income approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. indefinite life intangible asset valuations have been calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and excess earnings approaches and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. under these valuation approaches, we are required to make various judgmental assumptions about appropriate discount rates. disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions, could, among other things, cause us to increase the discount rate used in the valuations. we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. these types of events and the resulting analyses could result in impairment charges in the future, which could be substantial. as of september 29, 2018, we had $13.8 billion of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, which represented approximately 47% of total assets.
new or more stringent domestic and international government regulations could impose material costs on us and could adversely affect our business.
our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations by authorities that oversee food safety standards and processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products. see "environmental regulation and food safety" in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. changes in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. for example, increased governmental interest in advertising practices may result in regulations that could require us to change or restrict our advertising practices.
increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. we use natural gas, diesel fuel and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. in addition, climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience and may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures.
12
legal claims, class action lawsuits, other regulatory enforcement actions, or failure to comply with applicable legal standards or requirements could affect our product sales, reputation and profitability.
we operate in a highly-regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. consequently, we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. moreover, a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional or otherwise, of laws and regulations. legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those contained in item 3, legal proceedings and part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 20: commitments and contingencies in this annual report on form 10-k, could subject us to civil and criminal penalties, including debarment from governmental contracts that could materially and adversely affect our product sales, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results.
the company is subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation, proceedings, and investigations.
our past and present business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment, and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. compliance with these laws and regulations, and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations, is material to our business. new matters or sites may be identified in the future that will require additional investigation, assessment, or expenditures. in addition, some of our facilities have been in operation for many years and, over time, we and other prior operators of these facilities may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous. future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of our present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require us to incur additional expenses. the occurrence of any of these events, the implementation of new laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect our financial results.
we are increasingly dependent on information technology, and our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information technology systems against, or effectively respond to, cyber-attacks, other cyber incidents or security breaches or if our information technology systems are otherwise disrupted.
information technology is an important part of our business operations and we increasingly rely on information technology systems to manage business data and increase efficiencies in our production and distribution facilities and inventory management processes. we also use information technology to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. in addition, we depend on information technology for digital marketing and electronic communications between our facilities, personnel, customers and suppliers. like other companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of disruptions, including but not limited to the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, hackers, unauthorized access attempts and other security issues. attempted cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise.
we have implemented and continue to evaluate security initiatives and disaster recovery plans to mitigate our exposure to these risks, but these measures may not be adequate. any significant failure of our systems, including failures that prevent our systems from functioning as intended or our failure to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents, could cause transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers and sales, have negative consequences on our employees and our business partners, have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation and expose us to liability, litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. in addition, if we are unable to prevent security breaches, we may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our business partners, customers, consumers or suppliers. finally, the disclosure of non-public information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation and brand image. similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, including health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and systems managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors.
13
if we pursue strategic acquisitions or divestitures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses.
we periodically evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures and other initiatives, and may seek to expand our business through the acquisition of companies, processing plants, technologies, products and services. acquisitions and joint ventures involve financial and operational risks and uncertainties, including:
•   challenges in realizing the anticipated benefits of the transaction;
•   difficulty integrating acquired businesses, technologies, operations and personnel with our existing business;
•   diversion of management attention in connection with negotiating transactions and integrating the businesses acquired;
•   difficulty identifying suitable candidates or consummating a transaction on terms that are favorable to us;
•   challenges in retaining the acquired businesses' customers and key employees;
•   inability to implement and maintain consistent standards, controls, procedures and information systems;
•   exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities of acquired companies; and
•   the availability and terms of additional debt or equity financing for any transaction.
we may not be able to address these risks and successfully develop these acquired companies or businesses into profitable units. if we are unable to do this, such expansion could adversely affect our financial results. in august 2018, the company announced it had reached a definitive agreement to buy the keystone foods business ("keystone") from marfrig global foods for $2.16 billion in cash. the acquisition of keystone, a major supplier to the growing global foodservice industry, is our latest investment in furtherance of our growth strategy and expansion of our value-added protein capabilities. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter or early second quarter of fiscal 2019 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, however, there can be no assurance that the acquisition will close at such time.
additionally, from time to time, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability. our divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties separating personnel and financial and other systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. any of these factors could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
market fluctuations could negatively impact our operating results as we hedge certain transactions.
our business is exposed to fluctuating market conditions. we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. we hold certain positions, primarily in grain and livestock futures, that are not hedges for financial reporting purposes. these positions are marked to fair value, and the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. therefore, losses on these contracts will adversely affect our reported operating results. while these contracts reduce our exposure to changes in prices for commodity products, the use of such instruments may ultimately limit our ability to benefit from favorable commodity prices.
deterioration of economic conditions could negatively impact our business.
our business may be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, access to capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products, or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials, cooking ingredients and packaging materials, thereby negatively affecting our financial results.
disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions could, among other things:
•   make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or to refinance our debt in the future;
•   cause our lenders to depart from prior credit industry practice and make more difficult or expensive the granting of any amendment of, or waivers under, our credit agreements to the extent we may seek them in the future;
•   impair the financial condition of some of our customers and suppliers, thereby increasing customer bad debts or non-performance by suppliers;
•   negatively impact global demand for protein products, which could result in a reduction of sales, operating income and cash flows;
•   decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities, including our marketable debt securities, company-owned life insurance and pension and other postretirement plan assets;
•   negatively impact our commodity purchasing activities if we are required to record losses related to derivative financial instruments; or
•   impair the financial viability of our insurers.
14
the loss of one or more of our largest customers could negatively impact our business.
our business could suffer significant setbacks in sales and operating income if our customers' plans and/or markets change significantly or if we lost one or more of our largest customers, including, for example, walmart inc., which accounted for 17.3% of our sales in fiscal 2018. our retail customers typically do not enter into written contracts, and if they do sign contracts, they generally are limited in scope and duration. there can be no assurance that significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. alternative retail channels, such as convenience stores, dollar stores, drug stores, club stores and internet-based retailers have increased their market share.
this trend towards alternative channels is expected to continue in the future. if we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be adversely impacted. many of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years, and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the united states and in other major markets. these consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories, opposing price increases, and demanding lower pricing, increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. these customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. because of these trends, our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products. the loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to, or adverse change to trade terms with, a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
extreme factors or forces beyond our control could negatively impact our business.
our ability to make, move and sell products is critical to our success. natural disasters, fire, bioterrorism, pandemic or extreme weather, including droughts, floods, excessive cold or heat, hurricanes or other storms, could impair the health or growth of livestock or interfere with our operations due to power outages, fuel shortages, decrease in availability of water, damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels or unfavorably impact the demand for, or our consumers' ability to purchase our products, among other things. any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
failure to maximize or to successfully assert our intellectual property rights could impact our competitiveness.
we consider our intellectual property rights, particularly and most notably our trademarks, but also our trade secrets, patents and copyrights, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws, as well as licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. we cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. there is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions.
we cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future. in addition, even if such rights are obtained in the united states, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
participation in a multiemployer pension plan could adversely affect our business.
through our wholly owned subsidiary, hillshire brands, we participate in a "multiemployer" pension plan administered by a labor union representing some of its employees. we are required to make periodic contributions to this plan to allow it to meet its pension benefit obligations to its participants. our required contributions to this fund could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to this fund, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in this plan, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. our withdrawal liability would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. the multiemployer plan in which we participate is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. in the event a withdrawal or partial withdrawal was to occur with respect to the multiemployer plan, the impact to our consolidated financial statements could be material.
15
tyson limited partnership can exercise significant control.
as of september 29, 2018, tyson limited partnership (the "tlp") owns 99.985% of the outstanding shares of the company's class b common stock, $0.10 par value (class b stock) and the tlp and members of the tyson family own, in the aggregate, 2.09% of the outstanding shares of the company's class a common stock, $0.10 par value (class a stock), giving them, collectively, control of approximately 70.96% of the total voting power of the company's outstanding voting stock. at this time, the tlp does not have a managing general partner, as such, the management rights of the managing general partner may be exercised by a majority of the percentage interests of the general partners. as of september 29, 2018, mr. john tyson, chairman of the board of directors, has 33.33% of the general partner percentage interests, and ms. barbara tyson, a director of the company, has 11.115% general partner percentage interests (the remaining general partnership interests are held by the donald j. tyson revocable trust (44.44%) and harry c. erwin, iii (11.115%)). as a result of these holdings, positions and directorships, the partners in the tlp have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our stockholders, including amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws, the election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. this concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could depress our stock price. additionally, as a result of the tlp's significant ownership of our outstanding voting stock, we are eligible for "controlled company" exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements of the new york stock exchange.
we may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. our total income tax expense could be affected by changes in tax rates in various jurisdictions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results.
volatility in the capital markets or interest rates could adversely impact our pension costs and the funded status of our pension plans.
we sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the united states. the difference between plan obligations and assets, which signifies the funded status of the plans, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of the pension plans and our ongoing funding requirements. as of september 29, 2018, the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans was an underfunded position of $162 million, as compared to an underfunded position of $195 million at the end of fiscal 2017. changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of the plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and our future funding requirements. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements.
the announcement and pendency of the keystone acquisition could impact or cause disruptions in our and keystone's businesses.
specifically:
•   our and keystone's current and prospective customers and suppliers may experience uncertainty associated with the keystone acquisition, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us, keystone or the combined business and may attempt to negotiate changes in existing business;
•   our and keystone's employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with us, which may adversely affect our and keystone's ability to retain and hire key employees;
•   if the keystone acquisition is completed, the accelerated vesting of equity-based awards and payment of "change in control" benefits to some members of keystone's management on completion of the keystone acquisition could result in increased difficulty or cost in retaining keystone's officers and employees; and
•   the attention of our management and that of keystone may be directed toward the completion and implementation of the keystone acquisition and transaction-related considerations and may be diverted from the day-to-day business operations of the respective companies.
in connection with the keystone acquisition, we could also encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs or other factors such as the failure to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the keystone acquisition, as described in more detail below.
the keystone acquisition may not be successful.
we recently announced our entry into a share purchase agreement to acquire keystone. risks associated with the keystone acquisition include the risk that the transaction may not be consummated, the risk that regulatory approval that may be required for the transaction is not obtained or is obtained subject to certain conditions that are not anticipated, litigation risk associated with claims or potential claims brought by shareholders of keystone to enjoin the transaction or seek monetary damages, and risks associated with our ability to issue debt to fund a portion of the purchase price.
16
if the keystone acquisition is consummated, we may be unable to successfully integrate keystone's operations or to realize targeted cost savings, revenues and other benefits of the keystone acquisition.
we entered into the share purchase agreement for keystone because we believe that the keystone acquisition will be beneficial to us and our stockholders. achieving the targeted benefits of the keystone acquisition will depend in part upon whether we can integrate keystone's businesses in an efficient and effective manner. we may not be able to accomplish this integration process smoothly or successfully. the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. we and keystone operate numerous systems, including those involving management information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, employee benefits, payroll and regulatory compliance. moreover, the integration of our respective operations will require the dedication of significant management resources, which is likely to distract management's attention from day-to-day operations. employee uncertainty and lack of focus during the integration process may also disrupt our business and result in undesired employee attrition. an inability of management to successfully integrate the operations of the two companies could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the combined businesses.
in addition, we continue to evaluate our estimates of synergies to be realized from the keystone acquisition and refine them, so that our actual cost-savings could differ materially from our current estimates. actual cost-savings, the costs required to realize the cost savings and the source of the cost-savings could differ materially from our estimates, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve the full amount of cost-savings on the schedule anticipated or at all or that these cost-savings programs will not have other adverse effects on our business. in light of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on our estimated cost-savings.
finally, we may not be able to achieve the targeted operating or long-term strategic benefits of the keystone acquisition or could incur higher transition costs. an inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the keystone acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we will incur significant transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the keystone acquisition.
we expect to incur significant costs associated with the keystone acquisition and combining the operations of the two companies, including costs to achieve targeted cost-savings. the substantial majority of the expenses resulting from the keystone acquisition will be composed of transaction costs related to the keystone acquisition, systems consolidation costs, and business integration and employment-related costs, including costs for severance, retention and other restructuring. we may also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans. additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations description of the company we are one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. founded in 1935 by john w. tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership, the company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like tyson®, jimmy dean®, hillshire farm®, ball park®, wright®, aidells®, ibp® and state fair®. some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs, raw materials and feed ingredients; and operating efficiencies of our facilities.
we operate in four reportable segments: beef, pork, chicken and prepared foods. other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in china, third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to tyson new ventures, llc.
24
in fiscal 2017, we acquired and consolidated advancepierre, a producer and distributor of value-added, convenient, ready-to-eat sandwiches, sandwich components and other entrées and snacks, and in fiscal 2018, we acquired original philly, a valued added protein business. the results from operations of these businesses are included in the prepared foods and chicken segments. in fiscal 2018, we acquired tecumseh, a vertically integrated value-added protein business, and american proteins, a poultry rendering and blending operation as part of our strategic expansion and sustainability initiatives. the results from operations of these businesses are included in our chicken segment. for further description of these transactions, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
in fiscal 2018, we completed the sale of four non-protein businesses as part of our strategic focus on protein brands. all of these businesses were part of our prepared foods segment and included sara lee® frozen bakery, kettle, van's®, and tnt crust and produced items such as frozen desserts, waffles, snack bars, soups, sauces, sides and pizza crusts. the sales included the chef pierre®, bistro collection®, kettle collectiontm, and van's® brands, a license to use the sara lee® brand in various channels, as well as our tarboro, north carolina, fort worth, texas, traverse city, michigan, and green bay, wisconsin prepared foods facilities. for further description of these transactions, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
overview
•   fiscal year - our accounting cycle resulted in a 52-week year for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016.
•   general - our fiscal 2018 operating income increased compared to fiscal 2017, as record beef and prepared foods segment results were partially offset by a decline in chicken and pork segment margins. in fiscal 2018, our results were impacted by $109 million of one-time cash bonus to frontline employees, as we continued to make investments in our talent, $68 million impairment, net of realized gains, associated with the divestitures of non-protein businesses, and $59 million of restructuring and related charges. sales increased 5% in fiscal 2018 over fiscal 2017, primarily due to increased sales volumes and average sales prices in beef, chicken and prepared foods.
•   market environment - according to the united states department of agriculture (usda), domestic protein production (beef, pork, chicken and turkey) increased approximately 2% in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. we continue to monitor recent trade and tariff activity and its potential impact to exports and inputs costs across all of our segments. currently, we are experiencing impacts to domestic and export prices, primarily chicken and pork, resulting from uncertainty in trade policies and increased tariffs. additionally, all segments experienced increased freight and labor costs. we will pursue recovery of increased costs related to tariffs, freight and labor through pricing. the beef segment experienced strong export demand and more favorable domestic market conditions associated with an increase in cattle supply. with excess domestic availability of pork products, the pork segment experienced periods of challenging market conditions despite decreased input costs. our chicken segment also faced challenging market conditions associated with increased domestic availability of supply, sluggish demand, reduced export prices and higher feed ingredient costs. our prepared foods segment continued its strong performance despite experiencing reduced volumes as we divested of certain non-protein businesses.
•   margins - our total operating margin was 7.6% in fiscal 2018. operating margins by segment were as follows:
•   beef - 6.5%
•   pork - 7.4%
•   chicken -7.2%
•   prepared foods - 10.0%
•   liquidity - we generated approximately $3 billion of operating cash flows during fiscal 2018. at september 29, 2018, we had $1.4 billion of liquidity, which included $270 million of cash and cash equivalents and the availability under our revolving credit facility after deducting amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program.
•   strategy - our strategy is to sustainably feed the world with the fastest growing protein brands. we intend to achieve our strategy as we: grow our business through differentiated capabilities; deliver ongoing financial fitness through continuous improvement; and sustain our company and our world for future generations.
•   during fiscal 2018, we acquired three operations for a total of approximately $1.5 billion, net of cash acquired. these operations, which consisted of american proteins inc., a poultry rendering and blending operation, tecumseh poultry, llc, a vertically integrated valued-added business, and original philly holdings, inc., a value-added protein business, were acquired as part of our growth and sustainability initiatives and our acquisition strategy of new brands, new capabilities, scale and synergy, and new geographies and markets. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisition and dispositions.
•   during fiscal 2017, we acquired advancepierre, a producer and distributor of value-added, convenient, ready-to-eat sandwiches, sandwich components and other entrées and snacks, as part of our overall strategy. the purchase price was equal to $40.25 per share in cash for advancepierre's outstanding common stock, or approximately $3.2 billion. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisition and dispositions.
25
•   in august 2018, we reached a definitive agreement to buy the keystone foods business ("keystone") from marfrig global foods for $2.16 billion in cash. the anticipated acquisition of keystone, a major supplier to the growing global foodservice industry, is our latest investment in the furtherance of our growth strategy and expansion of our value-added protein capabilities. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter or early second quarter of fiscal 2019 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, however, there can be no assurance that the acquisition will close at such time. we expect the majority of keystone's domestic results to be included in the chicken segment and its international results to be in included in other for segment presentation.
•   during fiscal 2018, we sold four non-protein operations for net proceeds of $805 million, as part of our strategic focus on protein brands. these operations, which were all part of our prepared foods segment, included sara lee® frozen bakery, van's®, kettle and tnt crust. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
•   in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, our board of directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the "financial fitness program"), which is expected to contribute to the company's overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. through a combination of synergies from the integration of business acquisitions and additional elimination of non-valued added costs, the program is focused on supply chain, procurement and overhead improvements, and net savings are expected to be realized in the prepared foods and chicken segments.
the financial fitness program included the elimination of approximately 550 positions across several areas and job levels with most of the eliminated positions originating from the corporate offices in springdale, arkansas; chicago, illinois; and cincinnati, ohio. as a result, the company recognized restructuring and related charges of $59 million and $150 million, in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, respectively. in fiscal 2018, these charges consisted primarily of incremental costs to implement new technology and accelerated depreciation of technology assets. in fiscal 2017, these charges consisted of $53 million severance and employee related costs, $72 million technology impairment and related costs and $25 million of contract termination costs. the company currently anticipates the financial fitness program will result in cumulative pretax charges, once implemented, of approximately $253 million which consist primarily of severance and employee related costs, impairments and accelerated depreciation of technology assets, incremental costs to implement new technology, and contract termination costs. through september 29, 2018, $209 million of the estimated $253 million total pretax charges, has been recognized. the majority of the remaining estimated charges are related to incremental costs to implement new technology. the following tables set forth the pretax impact of restructuring and related charges in the consolidated statements of income and the pretax impact by our reportable segments. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 6: restructuring and related charges.
in millions
2018                                                             2017
cost of sales                                        $-           $35
selling, general and administrative expenses         59           115
total restructuring and related charges, pretax     $59          $150
in millions
2017 charges         2018 charges         estimated future charges         total estimated financial fitness program charges beef                                                           $8                   $4                               $6                                                       $18
pork                                                            3                    1                                3                                                         7
chicken                                                        56                   30                               16                                                       102
prepared foods                                                 82                   24                               19                                                       125
other                                                           1                    -                                -                                                         1
total restructuring and related charges, pretax              $150                  $59                              $44                                                      $253
26
in millions, except per share data
2018                                                                                2017                    2016
net income attributable to tyson                          $3,024                  $1,774                  $1,768
net income attributable to tyson - per diluted share        8.19                    4.79                    4.53
2018 - included the following items:
•   $1,003 million post tax, or $2.71 per diluted share, tax benefit from remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities at lower enacted tax rates.
•   $109 million pretax, or ($0.22) per diluted share, related to one-time cash bonus to frontline employees.
•   $68 million pretax, or ($0.34) per diluted share, impairments net of realized gains associated with the divestitures of non-protein businesses.
•   $59 million pretax, or ($0.12) per diluted share, of restructuring and related charges.
2017 - included the following items:
•   $103 million pretax, or ($0.18) per diluted share, of advancepierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs, which included a $36 million purchase accounting adjustment for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory, $49 million of acquisition related costs and $18 million of acquisition bridge financing fees.
•   $150 million pretax, or ($0.15) per diluted share, of restructuring and related charges.
•   $52 million pretax, or ($0.09) per diluted share, impairment charge related to our san diego prepared foods operation.
•   $45 million pretax, or $0.01 per diluted share, impairment net of tax benefit related to the expected sale of a non-protein business.
2016 - included the following items:
•   $53 million post tax, or $0.14 per diluted share, related to recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and audit settlements.
summary of results sales                                                                 in millions
2018                                                     2017                2016
sales                             $40,052             $38,260             $36,881
change in sales volume                2.5   %             1.0   %
change in average sales price         2.1   %             2.7   %
sales growth                          4.7   %             3.7   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales volume - sales were positively impacted by an increase in sales volume, which accounted for an increase of $1,041 million. the beef, chicken and prepared foods segments had an increase in sales volume driven by strong demand for our beef products and incremental volumes from business acquisitions in the chicken and prepared foods segments net of business divestitures in the prepared foods segment.
•   average sales price - sales were positively impacted by higher average sales prices, which accounted for an increase of $751 million. all segments had an increase in average sales price, other than the pork segment. the beef segment experienced strong demand, while the chicken and prepared foods segments were positively impacted by improved mix and business acquisitions net of business divestitures in the prepared foods segment.
•   the above amounts included an incremental impact of $1,060 million related to the inclusion of the advancepierre results post acquisition through the first anniversary of the acquisition on june 7, 2018.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales volume - sales were positively impacted by an increase in sales volume, which accounted for an increase of $477 million. each segment had an increase in sales volume with the beef and prepared foods segments contributing to the majority of the increase driven by better demand for our beef products and incremental volumes from the acquisition of advancepierre.
•   average sales price - sales were positively impacted by higher average sales prices, which accounted for an increase of $902 million. each segment had an increase in average sales price with the pork, chicken and prepared foods segments contributing to the majority of the increase due to strong demand for our pork products, improved mix and higher chicken pricing in our chicken segment and better product mix in our prepared foods segment which was positively impacted by the acquisition of advancepierre.
•   the above amounts include a net increase of $508 million related to the inclusion of advancepierre results post acquisition.
27
cost of sales                                                                  in millions
2018                                                              2017                2016
cost of sales                              $34,926             $33,177             $32,184
gross profit                                 5,126               5,083               4,697
cost of sales as a percentage of sales        87.2   %            86.7   %            87.3   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   cost of sales increased $1,749 million. higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales $918 million while higher sales volume increased cost of sales $831 million. these amounts include an incremental impact of $797 million related to the inclusion of advancepierre results post acquisition through the first anniversary of the acquisition on june 7, 2018.
•   the $918 million impact of higher input cost per pound was primarily driven by:
•   increase in freight of approximately $270 million incurred across all our segments.
•   increase from one-time cash bonus to frontline employees of $108 million.
•   increase due to impairment charges of $101 million associated with the divestiture of a non-protein business in fiscal 2018, partially offset by $33 million of realized gains related to the sale of non-protein businesses in fiscal 2018 and impairment charges of $44 million related to our san diego prepared foods operation in fiscal 2017.
•   increase of approximately $52 million in our chicken segment related to net increases in feed ingredient costs, growout expenses and outside meat purchases.
•   decrease in live cattle costs of approximately $25 million in our beef segment.
•   decrease in live hog costs of approximately $90 million in our pork segment.
•   decrease due to net realized derivative losses of $30 million for fiscal 2018, compared to net realized derivative loss of $79 million for fiscal 2017 due to our risk management activities. these amounts exclude offsetting impacts from related physical purchase transactions, which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed costs described above. additionally, cost of sales decreased due to net unrealized losses of $3 million for fiscal 2018, compared to net unrealized losses of $40 million for fiscal 2017, primarily due to our beef segment commodity risk management activities.
•   remaining net change across all of our segments was primarily driven by increased operating costs and impacts on average input cost per pound from mix changes as well as from business acquisitions and divestitures.
•   the $831 million impact of higher sales volume was driven by increases in sales volume in our beef, chicken and prepared foods segments, partially offset by a decrease in sales volume in our pork segment.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   cost of sales increased $993 million. higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales $588 million while higher sales volume increased cost of sales $405 million. these amounts include a net increase of $425 million related to the inclusion of advancepierre results post acquisition, which included $36 million from the fair value step-up of inventory as part of purchase accounting.
•   the $588 million impact of higher input cost per pound was primarily driven by:
•   increase of approximately $170 million in our chicken segment related to increase in freight, growout expenses and outside meat purchases, partially offset by a decrease in feed costs of $80 million.
•   increase due to impairment charges of $44 million related to our san diego prepared foods operation and $45 million related to the expected sale of a non-protein business, in addition to an increase of $17 million related to net costs associated with fires at two chicken plants.
•   increase in raw material and other input costs of approximately $50 million in our prepared foods segment.
•   increase in live hog costs of approximately $40 million in our pork segment.
•   increase of $35 million related to restructuring and related charges.
•   increase in input cost per pound related to the acquisition of advancepierre on june 7, 2017.
•   increase due to net realized derivative losses of $79 million for fiscal 2017, compared to net realized derivative gains of $96 million for fiscal 2016 due to our risk management activities. these amounts exclude offsetting impacts from related physical purchase transactions, which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed costs described above. additionally, cost of sales increased due to net unrealized losses of $40 million for fiscal 2017, compared to net unrealized gains of $11 million for fiscal 2016, primarily due to our beef segment commodity risk management activities.
•   decrease in live cattle costs of approximately $600 million in our beef segment.
28
•   remainder of net change is mostly due to increased cost per pound from a mix upgrade in the chicken segment as we increased sales volume in value-added products as well as increased operating costs, freight, and plant variances across all segments, which also included $71 million of compensation and benefit integration expense.
•   the $405 million impact of higher sales volume was driven by increases in sales volume in all segments, with the majority of the increase in the beef and prepared foods segment.
selling, general and administrative                                         in millions
2018                                                           2017                2016
selling, general and administrative      $2,071              $2,152              $1,864
as a percentage of sales                    5.2   %             5.6   %             5.1   %
2018 vs. 2017
•   decrease of $81 million in selling, general and administrative was primarily driven by:
•   decrease of $92 million in employee costs primarily from stock-based and incentive-based compensation, which also included a reduction of $24 million compensation and benefit integration expense incurred in fiscal 2017 that did not recur in fiscal 2018.
•   decrease of $56 million from restructuring and related charges.
•   decrease of $49 million in advancepierre acquisition related fees incurred as part of the acquisition in fiscal 2017 that did not recur in fiscal 2018.
•   decrease of $18 million in commission and brokerage fees.
•   decrease of $14 million in non-restructuring severance related expenses.
•   decrease of $10 million in marketing, advertising, and promotion expense.
•   increase of $153 million related to the advancepierre acquisition through the first anniversary of the acquisition on june 7, 2018, which included $91 million in incremental amortization and $62 million from the inclusion of advancepierre results post-acquisition.
•   increase of $15 million from technology related costs.
•   remainder of net change was primarily related to reduction in professional fees.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   increase of $288 million in selling, general and administrative was primarily driven by:
•   increase of $124 million related to the advancepierre acquisition, which was composed of $49 million in acquisition related costs, $37 million in incremental amortization and $38 million from the inclusion of advancepierre results post-acquisition.
•   increase of $115 million from restructuring and related charges.
•   increase of $53 million in employee costs including $34 million in non-restructuring severance related expenses and $24 million compensation and benefit integration expense, which was partially offset by reduced incentive-based compensation.
•   increase of $8 million due to an impairment related to our san diego prepared foods operation.
•   remainder of net change was primarily related to professional fees.
interest income   in millions
2018                          2017            2016
$(7     )       $(7     )       $(6     )
2018/2017/2016 - interest income remained relatively flat as lower deposit levels offset higher interest rates.
interest expense                                                     in millions
2018                                                      2017              2016
cash interest expense                   $357              $278              $248
non-cash interest (expense) income        (7   )             1                 1
total interest expense                  $350              $279              $249
2018/2017/2016 -
•   cash interest expense primarily included interest expense related to our senior notes, term loans and commercial paper. the increase in cash interest expense in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was primarily due to debt issued in connection with business acquisitions and higher interest rates.
29
•   non-cash interest expense primarily included amounts related to the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts/premiums on note issuances, offset by interest capitalized.
other (income) expense, net   in millions
2018                                        2017            2016
$(33      )         $31           $(8     )
2018 - included $21 million of equity earnings in joint ventures and $11 million in insurance proceeds.
2017 - included $28 million of legal costs related to two former subsidiaries of hillshire brands, which were sold by hillshire brands in 1986 and 1994. also, included $18 million of bridge financing fees related to the advancepierre acquisition and $19 million of income from equity earnings in joint ventures.
2016 - included $12 million of equity earnings in joint ventures and $4 million in net foreign currency exchange losses.
effective tax rate
2018                                 2017          2016
(10.3   )%      32.3   %      31.8   %
our effective income tax rate was (10.3)% for fiscal 2018 compared to 32.3% for fiscal 2017. the effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 reflects impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act signed into law on december 22, 2017. these impacts include a $1,004 million benefit related to the remeasurement of deferred taxes existing at the date of enactment, which reduced the fiscal year effective tax rate by 36.6%, as well as a 24.5% statutory federal income tax rate for fiscal 2018 compared to the 35% statutory federal income tax rate effective for the prior year. additionally, current year favorable timing differences currently deductible at the 24.5% blended tax rate, but reversing in future years at 21%, reduced the fiscal 2018 rate 1.3%. the non-deductible impairment and sale of certain assets in our non-protein businesses increased the fiscal 2018 rate 3.1%.
the fiscal 2018 effective tax rate also includes a 1.7% benefit related to domestic production activity deduction which is less than the 3.1% benefit in fiscal 2017, primarily due to the lower enacted federal tax rate. the fiscal 2018 effective tax rate includes 3.3% expense for state taxes, net of federal tax benefit, compared to 2.3% in fiscal 2017. this increase is also due in part to the lower enacted federal tax rate.
the fiscal 2017 effective tax rate was 32.3% compared to 31.8% in fiscal 2016. this change was due in part to 1.7% benefit for unrecognized tax benefits activity in fiscal 2016 that didn't recur in fiscal 2017, partially offset by more favorable domestic production activity deduction and state income taxes in 2017.
we currently expect an annual effective tax rate of approximately 23.5% in 2019. for further description of drivers for these rates refer to part i, item 1, notes to the consolidated condensed financial statements, note 9: income taxes.
segment results we operate in four reportable segments: beef, pork, chicken, and prepared foods. other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in china and india, third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to tyson new ventures, llc.
in fiscal 2017, we acquired and consolidated advancepierre, a producer and distributor of value-added, convenient, ready-to-eat sandwiches, sandwich components and other entrées and snacks, and in fiscal 2018, we acquired original philly, a valued added protein business. the results from operations of these businesses are included in the prepared foods and chicken segments. in fiscal 2018, we acquired tecumseh, a vertically integrated value-added protein business, and american proteins, a poultry rendering and blending operation as part of our strategic expansion and sustainability initiatives. the results from operations of these businesses are included in our chicken segment. for further description of these transactions, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
in fiscal 2018, we completed the sale of four non-protein businesses as part of our strategic focus on protein brands. all of these businesses were part of our prepared foods segment and included sara lee® frozen bakery, kettle, van's®, and tnt crust and produced items such as frozen desserts, waffles, snack bars, soups, sauces, sides and pizza crusts. the sales included the chef pierre®, bistro collection®, kettle collectiontm, and van's® brands, a license to use the sara lee® brand in various channels, as well as our tarboro, north carolina, fort worth, texas, traverse city, michigan, and green bay, wisconsin prepared foods facilities. for further description of these transactions, refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
30
the following table is a summary of segment sales and operating income (loss), which is how we measure segment income (loss).
in millions sales                                              operating income (loss)
2018                                          2017                2016                2018                  2017                      2016
beef                   $15,473             $14,823             $14,513              $1,013                  $877                      $347
pork                     4,879               5,238               4,909                 361                   645                       528
chicken                 12,044              11,409              10,927                 866                 1,053                     1,305
prepared foods           8,668               7,853               7,346                 868                   462                       734
other                      305                 349                 380                 (53    )             (106    )                  (81    )
intersegment sales      (1,317   )          (1,412   )          (1,194   )               -                     -                         -
total                  $40,052             $38,260             $36,881              $3,055                $2,931                    $2,833
beef segment results                                                                                                         in millions
2018                                                  2017              change 2018 vs. 2017                2016             change 2017
vs. 2016
sales                          $15,473             $14,823                              $650             $14,513                    $310
sales volume change                                                                      3.1   %                                     1.8   %
average sales price change                                                               1.2   %                                     0.4   %
operating income (loss)         $1,013                $877                              $136                $347                    $530
operating margin                   6.5   %             5.9   %                                               2.4   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased due to improved availability of cattle supply, stronger demand for our beef products and increased exports.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased as demand for our beef products and strong exports outpaced the increase in live cattle supplies.
•   operating income - operating income increased as we continued to maximize our revenues relative to live fed cattle costs, partially offset by increased labor and freight costs and one-time cash bonus to frontline employees of $27 million.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased due to improved availability of cattle supply, stronger domestic demand for our beef products and increased exports.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased as demand for our beef products and strong exports outpaced the increase in live cattle supplies.
•   operating income - operating income increased due to more favorable market conditions as we maximized our revenues relative to the decline in live fed cattle costs, partially offset by higher operating costs.
pork segment results                                                                                                                in millions
2018                                                  2017       change 2018 vs. 2017                    2016              change 2017 vs. 2016
sales                           $4,879              $5,238       $(359                     )           $4,909                              $329
sales volume change                                              (2.1                      )%                                               0.6   %
average sales price change                                       (4.8                      )%                                               6.1   %
operating income                  $361                $645       $(284                     )             $528                              $117
operating margin                   7.4   %            12.3   %                                           10.8   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales volume - sales volume decreased as a result of balancing our supply with customer demand during a period of margin compression.
•   average sales price - the average sales price decrease was associated with lower livestock costs.
•   operating income - operating income decreased from prior year record results due to periods of compressed pork margins caused by excess domestic availability of pork, higher labor and freight costs, and one-time cash bonus to frontline employees of $12 million.
31
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased due to strong demand for our pork products and increased exports.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased as demand for our pork products and strong exports outpaced the increase in live hog supplies.
•   operating income - operating income increased as we maximized our revenues relative to the live hog markets, partially attributable to stronger export markets and operational and mix performance, which were partially offset by higher operating costs.
chicken segment results                                                                                                  in millions
2018                                                  2017             change 2018vs. 2017                2016           change 2017
vs. 2016
sales                          $12,044             $11,409                            $635             $10,927           $482
sales volume change                                                                    4.9   %                                     1.2   %
average sales price change                                                             0.7   %                                     3.1   %
operating income                  $866              $1,053                           $(187   )          $1,305           $(252           )
operating margin                   7.2   %             9.2   %                                            11.9   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased primarily due to incremental volume from business acquisitions.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased due to sales mix changes and price increases associated with cost inflation.
•   operating income - operating income decreased due to increased labor, freight and growout expenses, in addition to $103 million of higher feed ingredient costs and net realized and mark-to-market derivative losses, and one-time cash bonus to frontline employees of $51 million.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales volume - sales volume was up due to better demand for our chicken products along with the incremental volume from the advancepierre acquisition.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased due to sales mix changes.
•   operating income - operating income for fiscal 2017 was below prior year record results due to higher operating costs, which included increased compensation and benefit integration expense of $41 million, $17 million of incremental net costs attributable to two plant fires, in addition to restructuring and related charges of $56 million, partially offset with lower feed ingredient costs of approximately $80 million.
prepared foods segment results                                                                                                           in millions
2018                                                      2017              change 2018 vs. 2017                2016           change 2017vs. 2016
sales                               $8,668              $7,853                              $815              $7,346           $507
sales volume change                                                                          4.1   %                                             3.2   %
average sales price change                                                                   6.1   %                                             3.6   %
operating income                      $868                $462                              $406                $734           $(272                   )
operating margin                      10.0   %             5.9   %                                              10.0   %
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased primarily due to incremental volume from business acquisitions net of business divestitures. excluding the impact of the business divestitures, sales volumes in fiscal 2018 increased by 9.8%.
•   average sales price - average sales price increased due to product mix which was positively impacted by business acquisitions and divestitures.
•   operating income - operating income increased due to improved mix and net incremental results from business acquisitions, net of divestitures, partially offset by higher input and freight costs and one-time cash bonus to frontline employees of $19 million. additionally, operating income was impacted in fiscal 2018 by $68 million of impairments, net of realized gains, related to the divestitures of non-protein businesses. for fiscal 2017, operating income was impacted from $34 million of advancepierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs, $97 million of impairments related to our san diego prepared foods operation and the expected sale of a non-protein business, $30 million of compensation and benefits integration expense and $82 million of restructuring and related charges.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales volume - sales volume increased due to improved demand for our retail products and incremental volumes from the advancepierre acquisition, partially offset by declines in foodservice.
32
•   average sales price - average sales price increased due to better product mix which was positively impacted by the acquisition of advancepierre as well as higher input costs of $50 million.
•   operating income - operating income decreased due to impairments of $52 million related to our san diego operation and of $45 million related to the expected sale of a non-protein business, $30 million of compensation and benefit integration expense, $34 million related to advancepierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs, $82 million of restructuring and related charges, in addition to higher operating costs at some of our facilities. additionally, prepared foods operating income was positively impacted by $538 million in cost savings, of which $97 million was incremental savings in fiscal 2017 above the $156 million of savings realized in fiscal 2016 and $285 million realized in fiscal 2015. the positive impact of these savings to operating income was partially offset with investments in innovation, new product launches and supporting the growth of our brands.
other results                                                                                           in millions
2018                           2017                 change 2018         2016                  change 2017vs. 2016
vs. 2017
sales               $305              $349          $(44            )          $380           $(31                    )
operating loss       (53   )          (106   )   53                             (81   )       (25                     )
2018 vs. 2017 -
•   sales - sales decreased due to a decline in sales volume in our foreign chicken production operations.
•   operating loss - operating loss improved primarily from lower third-party merger and integration costs.
2017 vs. 2016 -
•   sales - sales decreased due to a decline in average sales price and foreign produced sales volume.
•   operating loss - operating loss increased primarily from $43 million of advancepierre third-party acquisition related costs, partially offset by better performance at our china operation and reduced other merger and integration costs outside of advancepierre.
liquidity and capital resources our cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, growth opportunities, the repurchases of senior notes, repayment of term loans and share repurchases are expected to be met with current cash on hand, cash flows provided by operating activities, or short-term borrowings. based on our current expectations, we believe our liquidity and capital resources will be sufficient to operate our business. however, we may take advantage of opportunities to generate additional liquidity or refinance existing debt through capital market transactions. the amount, nature and timing of any capital market transactions will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount, nature and timing of our capital requirements; any limitations imposed by our current credit arrangements; and overall market conditions.
cash flows from operating activities                                                    in millions
2018                                                                       2017                2016
net income                                           $3,027              $1,778              $1,772
non-cash items in net income:
depreciation and amortization                           943                 761                 705
deferred income taxes                                  (865   )             (39   )              84
gain on dispositions of businesses                      (42   )               -                   -
impairment of assets                                    175                 214                  45
stock-based compensation expense                         69                  92                  81
other, net                                              (58   )             (57   )             (34   )
net changes in operating assets and liabilities        (286   )            (150   )              63
net cash provided by operating activities            $2,963              $2,599              $2,716
•   deferred income taxes for fiscal 2018 included a $1,004 million benefit related to remeasurement of net deferred income tax liabilities at newly enacted tax rates.
•   gain on dispositions of businesses in fiscal 2018 primarily relates to the sale of the sara lee® frozen bakery, kettle, van's® and tnt crust businesses.
•   impairment of assets included the following:
33
•   2018 - $101 million impairment related to the expected sale of a non-protein business. for further description regarding this charge refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
•   2017 - included a $73 million impairment of assets associated with restructuring and related charges, $45 million impairment related to the expected sale of a non-protein business and an impairment of $51 million related to our san diego prepared foods operation. for further description regarding these charges refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions, note 6: restructuring and related charges and note 10: other income and charges.
•   cash flows associated with changes in operating assets and liabilities:
•   2018 - decreased primarily due to increased inventory and decreased accrued employee costs, partially offset by increased income taxes payable. the increase in inventory is primarily due to livestock inventories. the decrease in accrued salaries and wages are primarily due to reduced restructuring and incentive-based compensation accruals. increased taxes payable is due to timing of payments related to the sale of non-protein businesses in the fourth quarter.
•   2017 - decreased primarily due to higher accounts receivable and inventory, partially offset by increased accounts payable and increased accrued salaries and wages. the higher accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable balances are primarily attributable to price increases associated with higher input costs and the timing of sales and payments. the increase in accrued salaries and wages is primarily attributable to the restructuring accrual. for further description regarding this accrual refer to part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 6: restructuring and related charges.
•   2016 - increased primarily due to decreased inventory and accounts receivable balances and increased accrual for incentive compensation, which were partially offset by decreased accounts payable, increased tax receivable and contributions to pension plans. the decreased inventory, accounts receivable and accounts payable balances were largely due to decreased raw material costs and timing of sales and payments.
•   incremental tax reform cash flow in fiscal 2018 was $274 million which we invested in our frontline team members to sustainably grow our businesses. as part of this, we recognized expense of $109 million in one-time cash bonuses to our frontline employees.
cash flows from investing activities                                                                                  in millions
2018                                                                                                   2017                    2016
additions to property, plant and equipment                              $(1,200           )         $(1,069   )       $(695           )
(purchases of)/proceeds from marketable securities, net                      (5           )             (18   )       (9              )
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                       (1,474           )          (3,081   )       -
proceeds from sale of businesses                                            797                           -           -
other, net                                                                  (24           )               4                      20
net cash used for investing activities                                  $(1,906           )         $(4,164   )       $(684           )
•   additions to property, plant and equipment included spending for production growth, safety and animal well-being, in addition to acquiring new equipment, infrastructure replacements and upgrades to maintain competitive standing and position us for future opportunities.
•   capital spending for fiscal 2019 is expected to approximate $1.5 billion and will include spending for production growth, safety, animal well-being, infrastructure replacements and upgrades, and operational improvements that will result in production and labor efficiencies, yield improvements and sales channel flexibility.
•   purchases of marketable securities included funding for our deferred compensation plans.
•   acquisitions, net of cash acquired, included:
•   2018 - we acquired three valued-added protein businesses in fiscal 2018. for further description regarding these acquisitions refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
•   2017 - we acquired advancepierre in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. for further description of this acquisition refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
•   proceeds from sale of businesses related to the proceeds received from sale of our non-protein businesses during fiscal 2018. for further description refer to part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
•   in august 2018, the company announced it had reached a definitive agreement to buy the keystone business from marfrig global foods for $2.16 billion in cash. refer to further description regarding this transaction under part ii, item 8, notes to the consolidated financial statements, note 3: acquisitions and dispositions.
34
cash flows from financing activities                                                                                 in millions
2018                                                                                                2017                    2016
payments on debt                                                     $(1,307           )         $(3,159   )               $(714   )
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                               1,148                       5,444                       1
borrowings on revolving credit facility                                1,755                       1,810                   1,065
payments on revolving credit facility                                 (1,755           )          (2,110   )                (765   )
proceeds from issuance of commercial paper                            21,024                       8,138                       -
repayments of commercial paper                                       (21,197           )          (7,360   )                   -
payment of advancepierre tra liability                                     -                        (223   )                   -
purchases of tyson class a common stock                                 (427           )            (860   )              (1,944   )
dividends                                                               (431           )            (319   )                (216   )
stock options exercised                                                  102                         154                     128
other, net                                                               (14           )              15                      68
net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                 $(1,102           )          $1,530                 $(2,377   )
•   payments on debt included:
•   2018 - we extinguished the $750 million outstanding balance of the term loan tranche b due august 2020, which was increased during fiscal 2018 by $250 million, using cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of senior notes due 2023 and 2048. we extinguished the $427 million outstanding balance of the term loan tranche b due august 2019 using cash on hand and proceeds received from the sale of our kettle business. we extinguished the $120 million outstanding balance of the senior notes due may 2018 using cash on hand.
•   2017 - we extinguished $1,146 million of advancepierre's debt, which we assumed in the acquisition, and fully retired the $1,800 million term loan tranche due june 2020, which was issued as part of the advancepierre acquisition financing.
•   2016 - we fully retired the $638 million outstanding balance of our 6.60% senior notes due april 2016.
•   proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and borrowings/payments on revolving credit facility:
•   2018 - proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included a $250 million increase in our term loan tranche b due august 2020, primarily to fund an acquisition. subsequently, proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included $400 million senior notes due 2023 and $500 million senior notes due 2048, which were primarily used to extinguish our term loan tranche b due august 2020 and to repay commercial paper obligations.
•   2017 - proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included a $1,800 million term loan and $2,743 million from senior unsecured notes after original issue discounts of $7 million, to fund the advancepierre acquisition. in addition, proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included $899 million of senior unsecured notes after original issue discounts of $1 million that was used to repay amounts outstanding under the term loan tranche due june 2020. we had net payments on our revolving credit facility of $300 million in fiscal 2017, which was used for general corporate purposes.
•   2016 - we had borrowings of $1,065 million and payments of $765 million on our revolving credit facility for fiscal 2016. we utilized our revolving credit facility to balance our cash position with the retirement of the 2016 notes and changes in working capital. additionally, total debt of our foreign subsidiaries was $7 million at october 1, 2016, $6 million of which is classified as long-term in our consolidated balance sheets.
•   proceeds from issuance and repayment of short-term debt in the form of commercial paper:
•   2018 - we had net repayments of $173 million to our unsecured short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) pursuant to our commercial paper program.
•   2017 - we had net issuances of $778 million in unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to our commercial paper program. we used the net proceeds from the commercial paper program as partial financing for the advancepierre acquisition and for general corporate purposes.
•   payments on tra obligation in the acquisition of advancepierre:
•   2017 - advancepierre tax receivable agreement (tra) liability of $223 million was paid to its former shareholders as a result of our assumption of this obligation in the acquisition of advancepierre.
•   purchases of tyson class a common stock included:
•   $350 million, $797 million, and $1,868 million for shares repurchased pursuant to our share repurchase program in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
•   $77 million, $63 million and $76 million for shares repurchased to fund certain obligations under our equity compensation plans in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
•   dividends paid during fiscal 2018 included a 33% increase to our fiscal 2017 quarterly dividend rate.
35
•   other, net in fiscal 2016 includes tax benefits associated with stock option exercises.
•   keystone acquisition financing - in august 2018, the company announced it had reached a definitive agreement to buy the keystone business from marfrig global foods for $2.16 billion in cash. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter or early second quarter of fiscal 2019 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, however, there can be no assurance that the acquisition will close at such time. permanent financing for the keystone acquisition is expected to include a mix of senior notes, term loans, commercial paper and cash on hand.
liquidity                                                                                                                                                                                 in millions commitmentsexpiration date   facilityamount      outstanding letters ofcredit (no draw downs)      outstanding amountborrowed           amountavailable cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                 $270
short-term investments                                                                                                                                                                      1
revolving credit facility   march 2023                   $1,750              $-                                                $-                                             1,750
commercial paper                                                                                                                                                                          (605   )
total liquidity                                                                                                                                                                           $1,416
•   liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and availability under our revolving credit facility, less outstanding commercial paper balance.
•   at september 29, 2018, we had current debt of $1,911 million, which we intend to repay with cash generated from our operating activities and other liquidity sources.
•   the revolving credit facility supports our short-term funding needs and also serves to backstop our commercial paper program. our maximum borrowing under the revolving credit facility during fiscal 2018 was $325 million.
•   we expect net interest expense will approximate $350 million for fiscal 2019.
•   at september 29, 2018, $256 million of our cash was held in the international accounts of our foreign subsidiaries. generally, we do not rely on the foreign cash as a source of funds to support our ongoing domestic liquidity needs. we manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among our foreign subsidiaries and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. we intend to repatriate excess cash (net of applicable withholding taxes) not subject to regulatory requirements and to indefinitely reinvest outside of the united states the remainder of cash held by foreign subsidiaries. we do not expect the regulatory restrictions or taxes on repatriation to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future.
•   our ratio of short-term assets to short-term liabilities ("current ratio") was 1.13 to 1 and 1.55 to 1 at september 29, 2018, and september 30, 2017, respectively. the decrease in fiscal 2018 was due to increased balance of current debt.
capital resources credit facility cash flows from operating activities and current cash on hand are our primary sources of liquidity for funding debt service, capital expenditures, dividends and share repurchases. we also have a revolving credit facility, with a committed capacity of $1.75 billion, to provide additional liquidity for working capital needs and to backstop our commercial paper program.
as of september 29, 2018, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility, which left $1.75 billion available for borrowing, before deducting amounts to backstop our commercial paper program. our revolving credit facility is funded by a syndicate of 39 banks, with commitments ranging from $0.3 million to $123 million per bank. the syndicate includes bank holding companies that are required to be adequately capitalized under federal bank regulatory agency requirements.
commercial paper program our commercial paper program provides a low-cost source of borrowing to fund general corporate purposes including working capital requirements. the maximum borrowing capacity under the commercial paper program is $1 billion. the maturities of the notes may vary, but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issuance. as of september 29, 2018, $605 million was outstanding under this program with maturities less than 25 days.
capitalization to monitor our credit ratings and our capacity for long-term financing, we consider various qualitative and quantitative factors. we monitor the ratio of our net debt to ebitda as support for our long-term financing decisions. at september 29, 2018, and september 30, 2017, the ratio of our net debt to ebitda was 2.4x and 2.7x, respectively. refer to part ii, item 6, selected financial data, for an explanation and reconciliation to comparable gaap measures. the decrease in this ratio for fiscal 2018 is due to a decrease in net debt of $280 million and an increase in ebitda of $373 million.
36
credit ratings revolving credit facility standard & poor's rating services', a standard & poor's financial services llc business ("s&p") corporate credit rating for tyson foods, inc. is "bbb." moody's investor service, inc.'s ("moody's"), senior unsecured, long-term debt rating for tyson foods, inc. is "baa2." fitch ratings', a wholly owned subsidiary of fimlac, s.a. ("fitch") issuer default rating for tyson foods, inc. is "bbb." the below table outlines the fees paid on the unused portion of the facility (facility fee rate) and letter of credit fees (undrawn letter of credit fee and borrowing spread) depending on the rating levels of tyson foods, inc. from s&p, moody's and fitch.
ratings level (s&amp;p/moody's/fitch)   facility fee rate       all-inborrowing spread a-/a3/a- or above                                   0.090   %                    1.000   %
bbb+/baa1/bbb+                                      0.100   %                    1.125   %
bbb/baa2/bbb (current level)                        0.125   %                    1.250   %
bbb-/baa3/bbb-                                      0.175   %                    1.375   %
bb+/ba1/bb+ or lower                                0.225   %                    1.625   %
in the event the rating levels are split, the applicable fees and spread will be based upon the rating level in effect for two of the rating agencies, or, if all three rating agencies have different rating levels, the applicable fees and spread will be based upon the rating level that is between the rating levels of the other two rating agencies.
debt covenants our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions, in each case, subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. in addition, we are required to maintain minimum interest expense coverage and maximum debt-to-capitalization ratios.
our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations, mergers and sales of assets.
we were in compliance with all debt covenants at september 29, 2018.
pension plans as further described in part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 15: pensions and other postretirement benefits, the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is defined as the amount the projected benefit obligation exceeds the plan assets. the funded status of the plans is an underfunded position of $162 million at the end of fiscal 2018 as compared to an underfunded position of $195 million at the end of fiscal 2017.
we expect to contribute approximately $15 million of cash to our pension plans in fiscal 2019 as compared to approximately $29 million in fiscal 2018 and $53 million in fiscal 2017. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements. as a result, the actual funding in fiscal 2019 may be different from the estimate.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations. the off-balance sheet arrangements we have are guarantees of debt of outside third parties, including leases and grower loans, and residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. see part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 20: commitments and contingencies for further discussion.
37
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of september 29, 2018:
in millions payments due by period
2019                                                        2020-2021             2022-2023             2024 and thereafter                   total debt and capital lease obligations:
principal payments (1)                   $1,911                $1,548                $1,412                          $5,056                  $9,927
interest payments (2)                       360                   617                   517                           2,606                   4,100
guarantees (3)                               20                    46                    38                              15                     119
operating lease obligations (4)             128                   160                    69                              61                     418
purchase obligations (5)                  1,422                 1,083                   172                             111                   2,788
capital expenditures (6)                  1,071                   761                     -                               -                   1,832
other long-term liabilities (7)               -                     -                     -                               -                     604
total contractual commitments            $4,912                $4,215                $2,208                          $7,849                 $19,788
(1)   in the event of a default on payment, acceleration of the principal payments could occur.
(2)   interest payments include interest on all outstanding debt. payments are estimated for variable rate and variable term debt based on effective interest rates at september 29, 2018, and expected payment dates.
(3)   amounts include guarantees of debt of outside third parties, which consist of leases and grower loans, all of which are substantially collateralized by the underlying assets, as well as residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. the amounts included are the maximum potential amount of future payments.
(4)   amounts include minimum lease payments under lease agreements.
(5)   amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. the purchase obligations amount included items, such as future purchase commitments for grains, livestock contracts and grower fees, that provide terms that meet the above criteria. for certain grain purchase commitments with a fixed quantity provision, we have assumed the future obligations under the commitment based on available commodity futures prices as published in observable active markets as of september 29, 2018. we have excluded future purchase commitments for contracts that do not meet these criteria. purchase orders are not included in the table, as a purchase order is an authorization to purchase and is cancelable. contracts for goods or services that contain termination clauses without penalty have also been excluded.
(6)   amounts include estimated amounts to complete buildings and equipment under construction as of september 29, 2018.
(7)   other long-term liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation, deferred income, self-insurance, and asset retirement obligations. we are unable to reliably estimate the amount of these payments beyond fiscal 2018; therefore, we have only included the total liability in the table above. we also have employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other postretirement benefits of $233 million that are excluded from the table above. a discussion of the company's pension and postretirement plans, including funding matters, is included in part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 15: pensions and other postretirement benefits.
in addition to the amounts shown above in the table, we have unrecognized tax benefits of $288 million and related interest and penalties of $73 million at september 29, 2018, recorded as liabilities.
the potential maximum contractual obligation associated with our cash flow assistance programs at september 29, 2018, based on the estimated fair values of the livestock supplier's net tangible assets on that date, aggregated to approximately $300 million. after analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions, we had no allowance for these programs' estimated uncollectible receivables at september 29, 2018.
recently issued/adopted accounting pronouncements refer to the discussion under part ii, item 8, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1: business and summary of significant accounting policies and note 2: changes in accounting principles.
38
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following is a summary of certain accounting estimates we consider critical.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effect if actual results differ fromassumptions contingent liabilities we are subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims related to wage and hour/labor, environmental, product, taxing authorities and other matters, and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses. a determination of the amount of reserves and disclosures required, if any, for these contingencies is made after considerable analysis of each individual issue. we accrue for contingent liabilities when an assessment of the risk of loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. we disclose contingent liabilities when the risk of loss is reasonably possible or probable.   our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events, and determination of current reserves requires estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances, differing interpretations of the law and assessments of the amount of damages, and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.            we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our contingent liabilities during the past three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our contingent liabilities. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material.
marketing, advertising and promotion costs we promote our products with marketing, advertising, trade promotions, and consumer incentives. these programs include, but are not limited to, coupons, discounts, rebates, volume-based incentives, cooperative advertising, and other programs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   recognition of the costs related to these programs contains uncertainties due to judgment required in estimating the potential performance, utilization and redemption rates of each program.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our marketing, advertising, and promotion accruals during the past three fiscal years.
marketing, advertising, and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. we accrue costs based on the estimated performance, historical utilization and redemption rates of each program.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       these estimates are based on many factors, including experience of similar promotional programs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our marketing, advertising, and promotion accruals. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material.
cash consideration given to customers is considered a reduction in the price of our products, thus recorded as a reduction to sales. the remainder of marketing, advertising and promotion costs is recorded as a selling, general and administrative expense.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     a 10% change in our marketing, advertising, and promotion accruals at september 29, 2018, would impact pretax earnings by approximately $22 million.
accrued self-insurance we are self-insured for certain losses related to health and welfare, workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims. we use an independent third-party actuary to assist in determining our self-insurance liability. we and the actuary consider a number of factors when estimating our self-insurance liability, including claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. we periodically review our estimates and assumptions with our third-party actuary to assist us in determining the adequacy of our self-insurance liability. our policy is to maintain an accrual at the actuarial estimated median.                     our self-insurance liability contains uncertainties due to assumptions required and judgment used. costs to settle our obligations, including legal and healthcare costs, could increase or decrease causing estimates of our self-insurance liability to change. incident rates, including frequency and severity, could increase or decrease causing estimates in our self-insurance liability to change.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance liability. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. a 10% change in the actuarial estimate at september 29, 2018, would impact our self-insurance liability by approximately $30 million.
39
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if actual results differ fromassumptions defined benefit pension plans we sponsor nine defined benefit pension plans that provide retirement benefits to certain employees. currently we are in the process of liquidating five of our nine defined benefit pension plans. we also participate in a multi-employer plan that provides defined benefits to certain employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. such plans are usually administered by a board of trustees composed of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives.     our defined benefit pension plans contain uncertainties due to assumptions required and judgments used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost during the past three fiscal years.
we use independent third-party actuaries to assist us in determining our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. we and the actuaries review assumptions that include estimates of the present value of the projected future pension payment to all plan participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as salary increases and demographic experience. we accumulate and amortize the effect of actuarial gains and losses over future periods.   the key assumptions used in developing the required estimates include such factors as discount rates, expected returns on plan assets, retirement rates, and mortality. these assumptions can have a material impact upon the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost. the expected liquidation of certain plans has been considered along with these assumptions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, they are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore generally affect the net periodic benefit cost in future periods.
net periodic benefit cost for the defined benefit pension plans was $13 million in fiscal 2018. the projected benefit obligation was $1,612 million at the end of fiscal 2018. unrecognized actuarial gain was $65 million at the end of fiscal 2018. we currently expect net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2019 to be approximately $11 million, excluding the pending settlement as described in note 15: pension and other postretirement benefits.                                             the discount rates were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve, developed from high-quality debt securities, were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. in determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we first examined historical rates of return for the various asset classes within the plans. we then determined a long-term projected rate-of-return based on expected returns. investment, management and other fees paid out of plan assets are factored into the determination of asset return assumptions. retirement rates are based primarily on actual plan experience, while standard actuarial tables are used to estimate mortality.   a 1% increase in the discount rate at september 29, 2018, would result in a decrease in the projected benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of approximately $167 million and $19 million, respectively. a 1% decrease in the discount rate at september 29, 2018, would result in an increase in the projected benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of approximately $204 million and $1 million, respectively.
plan assets are currently comprised of approximately 99% fixed income securities. fixed income securities can include, but are not limited to, direct bond investments and pooled or indirect bond investments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       it is reasonably likely that changes in external factors will result in changes to the assumptions used to measure pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost in future periods.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   a 1% change in the return on plan assets at september 29, 2018, would impact the net periodic benefit cost by approximately $14 million.
we expect to contribute approximately $15 million of cash to our pension plans in fiscal 2019. the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including minimum funding requirements.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                the risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans. the net pension cost of the multi-employer plans is equal to the annual contribution determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated labor contracts. assets contributed to such plans are not segregated or otherwise restricted to provide benefits only to our employees. the future cost of these plans is dependent on a number of factors including the funded status of the plans and the ability of the other participating companies to meet ongoing funding obligations.                                                                                                                                                                the sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time with the remaining assumptions held constant. economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and that the effect of changes in assumptions are not necessarily linear.
40
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                     effect if actual results differ fromassumptions income taxes we estimate total income tax expense based on statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in various jurisdictions in which we earn income.                                                                                                changes in tax laws and rates could affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future.                                                                                                          we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the tax related balances or valuation allowances. however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities.
income tax includes an estimate for withholding taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be remitted to the united states but does not include an estimate for taxes on earnings considered to be indefinitely invested in the foreign subsidiary.   changes in projected future earnings could affect the recorded valuation allowances in the future.                                                                                                              to the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded unrecognized tax benefit liabilities, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash and generally result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement would generally be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
deferred income taxes are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.                                     our calculations related to income taxes contain uncertainties due to judgment used to calculate tax liabilities in the application of complex tax regulations across the tax jurisdictions where we operate.
valuation allowances are recorded when it is likely a tax benefit will not be realized for a deferred tax asset.                                                                                                                                                  our analysis of unrecognized tax benefits contains uncertainties based on judgment used to apply the more likely than not recognition and measurement thresholds.
we record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due.
impairment of long-lived assets and definite life intangibles long-lived assets and definite life intangibles are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. examples include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use the asset, a change in its physical condition, or an unexpected change in financial performance. when evaluating long-lived assets and definite life intangibles for impairment, we compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated undiscounted future cash flows. an impairment is indicated if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset. for assets held for sale, we compare the carrying value of the disposal group to fair value. the impairment is the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset. we recorded impairment charges related to long-lived assets and definite life intangibles of $175 million, $214 million and $45 million, in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.                          our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to judgment in assumptions, including useful lives and intended use of assets, observable market valuations, forecasted sales, operating margins, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows to determine fair value.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate the impairment of long-lived assets or definite life intangibles during the last three fiscal years. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments or useful lives of long-lived assets or definite life intangibles. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows, we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material.
we periodically conduct projects to strategically evaluate optimization of such items as network capacity, manufacturing efficiencies and business technology. additionally, we continue to evaluate our international operations and strategies. if we have a significant change in strategies, outlook, or a manner in which we plan to use these assets, we may be exposed to future impairments.
41
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      effect if actual results differ fromassumptions impairment of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets goodwill is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. if it is determined, based on qualitative factors, the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than its carrying amount or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value, a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. the quantitative test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. additionally, we can elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test. upon performing the quantitative test, if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. for indefinite life intangible assets, a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. similar to goodwill, we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. upon performing the quantitative test, if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. we elected to forgo the qualitative assessment on our indefinite life intangible assets for the fiscal 2018 impairment test.we have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets. however, we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the required annual assessment if, among other things, we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of the business or a sustained decline in market capitalization.                          we estimate the fair value of our reporting units considering the use of various valuation techniques, with the primary technique being an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis), which uses significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates. we include assumptions about sales, operating margins and growth rates which consider our budgets, business plans and economic projections, and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. generally, we utilize operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries.the fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches, which uses significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy, and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. under these valuation approaches, we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data.our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to uncontrollable events that could positively or negatively impact the anticipated future economic and operating conditions.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to evaluate impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during the last three years. during fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, all of our material reporting units that underwent a quantitative test passed the goodwill impairment analysis.some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units and indefinite life intangible assets are outside the control of management, including interest rates, cost of capital, tax rates, market ebitda comparables and credit ratings. while we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units and indefinite life intangibles, it is possible a material change could occur. if our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, it could result in additional material impairments of our goodwill.all of our material reporting units' estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value by more than 20% at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. consequently, we do not currently consider any of our material reporting units at significant risk of impairment.the discount rate used in our annual goodwill impairment test increased to 6.9% in fiscal 2018 from 6.7% in fiscal 2017. discount rates continue to be low compared to historical levels. a 40% increase in the discount rate would have caused the carrying value of one of our reporting units, with $6,141 million of goodwill at september 29, 2018 and the least headroom during the fiscal 2018 test, to exceed its discounted cash flows' fair value.our fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 indefinite life intangible assets impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. all indefinite life intangible assets' estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value by more than 20% at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. consequently, we do not currently consider any of our material indefinite life intangible assets at significant risk of impairment. the discount rate used in our annual indefinite life intangible assets impairment test was 8.2% in fiscal 2018. a 20% increase in the discount rate would have caused the carrying value of one intangible asset, which has a carrying value of $301 million, to exceed fair value.
42
