item 1a.   risk factors.
the following risk factors should be read carefully when evaluating the company's business and the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other statements the company or its representatives make from time to time. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect the company's business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report.
if we do not successfully execute our strategic operating plan, or if our strategic operating plan is unsuccessful, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
we have announced several strategic plans in recent years, including several revenue-generating initiatives and plans to optimize our revenue, such as our plans to add capacity, including international expansion and new or increased service to mid-size airports, and initiatives and plans to optimize and control our costs. we also continue to explore opportunities to enhance our segmentation, including the introduction of polaris, basic economy and united premium plus, and are implementing many programs and policies to improve the customer experience at all points in air travel. in developing our strategic operating plan, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand, competition, market consolidation and the global economy. actual economic, market and other conditions may be different from our assumptions and we may not be able to successfully execute our strategic operating plan. if we do not successfully execute our strategic operating plan, or if actual results vary significantly from our assumptions, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted.
8
unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the united states and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by u.s. and global economic and political conditions. the airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the u.s. and global economies. robust demand for the company's air transportation services depends largely on favorable economic conditions, including the strength of the domestic and foreign economies, low unemployment levels, strong consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. in addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing, or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. during such periods, the company's business and operating results may be adversely affected due to significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the company's business and premium cabin travelers, and a reduction in fare levels.
as a global business with operations outside of the united states from which it derives significant operating revenues, volatile conditions in certain international regions may have a negative impact on the company's operating results and its ability to achieve its business objectives. the company's international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. political disruptions and instability in certain regions can negatively impact the demand and network availability for air travel.
stagnant or weakening global economic conditions either in the united states or in other geographic regions may have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues, operating results and liquidity.
the global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances and the creation of immunized jbas have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures.
airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. several of the company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and therefore increasing competition for those destinations. this increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's u.s. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers, and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers. such carriers may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the company. the significant presence of low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. competition is significant from government subsidized competitors from certain middle east countries. these carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the u.s. from their hubs in the middle east. the government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence.
through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional european and asian gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships. in addition, several jbas among u.s. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. if we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.
9
high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a material adverse impact on the company's strategic plans, operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
aircraft fuel is critical to the company's operations and is our single largest operating expense. during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company's fuel expense was $9.3 billion. the timely and adequate supply of fuel to meet operational demand depends on the continued availability of reliable fuel supply sources, as well as related service and delivery infrastructure. although the company has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations, it depends significantly on the continued performance of its vendors and service providers to maintain supply integrity. consequently, the company can neither predict nor guarantee the continued timely availability of aircraft fuel throughout the company's system.
aircraft fuel has historically been the company's most volatile operating expense due to the highly unpredictable nature of market prices for fuel. the company generally sources fuel at prevailing market prices. market prices for aircraft fuel have historically fluctuated substantially in short periods of time and continue to be highly volatile due to a dependence on a multitude of unpredictable factors beyond the company's control. these factors include changes in global crude oil prices, the balance between aircraft fuel supply and demand, natural disasters, prevailing inventory levels and fuel production and transportation infrastructure. prices of fuel are also impacted by indirect factors, such as geopolitical events, economic growth indicators, fiscal/monetary policies, fuel tax policies, changes in regulations, environmental concerns and financial investments in energy markets. both actual changes in these factors, as well as changes in market expectations of these factors, can potentially drive rapid changes in fuel price levels in short periods of time.
given the highly competitive nature of the airline industry, the company may not be able to increase its fares and fees sufficiently to offset the full impact of increases in fuel prices, especially if these increases are significant, rapid and sustained. further, any such fare or fee increase may not be sustainable, may reduce the general demand for air travel and may also eventually impact the company's strategic growth and investment plans for the future. in addition, decreases in fuel prices for an extended period of time may result in increased industry capacity, increased competitive actions for market share and lower fares or surcharges in general. if fuel prices were to then subsequently rise quickly, there may be a lag between the rise in fuel prices and any improvement of the revenue environment.
to protect against increases in the market prices of fuel, the company may hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements. the company does not currently hedge its future fuel requirements. however, to the extent the company decides to start a hedging program, such hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to choice of hedging instruments and market conditions, including breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of aircraft fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that the company decides to hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements and uses hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit the company's ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. if fuel prices decline significantly from the levels existing at the time the company enters into a hedge contract, the company may be required to post collateral (margin) beyond certain thresholds. there can be no assurance that the company's hedging arrangements, if any, will provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that its counterparties will be able to perform under the company's hedging arrangements. additionally, deterioration in the company's financial condition could negatively affect its ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future.
the company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of the technology or these systems could materially harm its business.
the company depends on automated systems and technology to operate its business, including, but not limited to, computerized airline reservation systems, demand prediction software, flight operations systems, revenue management systems, accounting systems, technical and business operations systems, telecommunication systems and commercial websites and applications, including www.united.com and the united airlines app. united's website and other automated systems must be able to accommodate a high volume of traffic, maintain secure information and deliver important flight and schedule information, as well as process critical financial transactions. these systems could suffer substantial or repeated disruptions due to various events, some of which are beyond the company's control, including natural disasters, power failures, terrorist attacks, equipment or software failures, computer viruses or cyber security attacks. substantial or repeated systems failures or disruptions, including failures or disruptions related to the company's complex integration of systems, could reduce the attractiveness of the company's services versus those of its competitors, materially impair its ability to market its services and operate its flights, result in the unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, result in increased costs, lost revenue and the loss or compromise of important data, and may adversely affect the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
10
the company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the company's relationships with these providers or their provision of services to the company, could have an adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities, performance of aircraft fueling operations and catering services, among other vital functions and services. the company does not directly control these third-party service providers, although it does enter into agreements that define expected service performance.
any of these third-party service providers, however, may materially fail to meet its service performance commitments to the company or may suffer disruptions to its systems that could impact its services. for example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems may cause flight delays or cancellations. the failure of any of the company's third-party service providers to perform its service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the company's revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse publicity or harm to its brand. in addition, the company's business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory.
the company may also have disagreements with such providers or such contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. for example, the number of flight reservations booked through third-party gdss or online travel agents ("otas") may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the company and these suppliers. such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the company's flight information to be limited or unavailable for display by the affected gds or ota operator, significantly increase fees for both the company and gds/ota users and impair the company's relationships with its customers and travel agencies. any such disruptions or contract terminations may adversely impact our operations and financial results.
if we are not able to negotiate or renew agreements with third-party service providers, or if we renew existing agreements on less favorable terms, our operations and financial results may be adversely affected.
the company could experience adverse publicity, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand and potential tort liability as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations, the aircraft or operations of its regional carriers, the aircraft or operations of its codeshare partners, or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
an accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the company operates, or an aircraft that is operated by a codeshare partner, one of the company's regional carriers or another airline, or an incident involving the company's operations, or the operations of a codeshare partner, one of the company's regional carriers or of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the company if such accident, catastrophe or incident created a public perception that the company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. such public perception could, in turn, result in adverse publicity for the company, cause harm to the company's brand and reduce travel demand on the company's flights, or the flights of its codeshare partners or regional carriers.
in addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the company to significant tort liability. although the company currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the company for their operations, if the company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the company could incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's operating results and financial condition.
terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, or the fear of terrorist attacks or hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could negatively affect the company and the airline industry.
terrorist attacks or international hostilities, even if not made on or targeted directly at the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings, travel restrictions, selective cancellation or redirection of flights and new security regulations) could materially and adversely affect the company and the airline industry. security events pose a significant risk to our passenger and cargo operations. these events could include acts of violence in public areas that we cannot control. the company's financial resources may not be sufficient to absorb the
11
adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events. any such events could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition, liquidity and operating results.
increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach may adversely affect the company's business.
the company is subject to increasing legislative, regulatory and customer focus on privacy issues and data security. also, a number of the company's commercial partners, including credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that the company must meet. these standards continue to evolve. the company will continue its efforts to meet its privacy and data security obligations; however, it is possible that certain new obligations may be difficult to meet and could increase the company's costs.
additionally, the company must manage evolving cybersecurity risks. our network systems and storage applications, and those systems and storage and other business applications maintained by our third-party providers, may be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access, breach, malfeasance or other system disruptions. in some cases, it is difficult to anticipate or to detect immediately such incidents and the damage caused thereby. while we continually work to safeguard our internal network systems and validate the security of our third-party providers, including through information security policies and employee awareness and training, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches. the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to customers', employees' or business partners' information or the company's failure to meet its obligations could result in legal claims or proceedings, penalties and remediation costs. a significant data breach or the company's failure to meet its obligations may adversely affect the company's reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.
disruptions to our regional network and united express flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company has contractual relationships with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as united express. these regional operations are an extension of the company's mainline network and complement the company's operations by carrying traffic that connects to mainline service and allows flights to smaller cities that cannot be provided economically with mainline aircraft. the company's business and operations are dependent on its regional flight network, with regional capacity accounting for approximately 11% of the company's total capacity for the year ended december 31, 2018.
although the company has agreements with its regional carriers that include contractually agreed performance metrics, each regional carrier is a separately certificated commercial air carrier and the company does not control the operations of these carriers. a number of factors may impact the company's regional network, including weather-related effects and seasonality. in addition, the decrease in qualified pilots driven by changes to federal regulations has adversely impacted and could continue to affect the company's regional flying. for example, the faa's expansion of minimum pilot qualification standards, including a requirement that a pilot have at least 1,500 total flight hours, as well as the faa's revised pilot flight and duty time requirements under part 117 of the federal aviation regulations, have contributed to a smaller supply of pilots available to regional carriers. the decrease in qualified pilots resulting from the regulations as well as factors including a decreased student pilot population and a shrinking u.s. military from which to hire qualified pilots, could adversely impact the company's operations and financial condition, and could also require the company to reduce regional carrier flying.
if a significant disruption occurs to the company's regional network or flights or if one or more of the regional carriers with which the company has relationships is unable to perform their obligations over an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and operating results.
current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or arrangement relating to these actions, could have a material adverse impact on the company.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or investigations or other actions by governmental agencies, including as described in part i, item 3, legal proceedings, of this report. no assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. an adverse resolution of lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings or actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, including as a result of non-monetary remedies, and could also result in adverse publicity. defending ourselves in these matters may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations and may result in significant expense and a diversion of management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives. additionally, any amount that we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment, settlement, fine or penalty may not be covered by insurance. if we fail to comply with the terms contained in any settlement, order or agreement with a governmental authority relating to these matters, we could be subject to criminal or civil penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on the company. under our charter and certain indemnification agreements that we have entered into (and may in the future enter into) with our officers, directors and certain third parties, we
12
could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to them in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. there can be no assurance that any of these payments will not be material.
our significant investments in other airlines, including in other parts of the world, and the commercial relationships that we have with those carriers may not produce the returns or results we expect.
an important part of our strategy to expand our global network includes making significant investments in airlines in other parts of the world and expanding our commercial relationships with these carriers. for example, in november 2018, united entered into a revenue-sharing joint business agreement with avianca, copa and several of their respective affiliates, subject to regulatory approval. concurrently with this transaction, united advanced a loan of $456 million to affiliates of synergy aerospace corporation ("synergy"), the majority shareholder of avianca holdings s.a. ("avh"), the parent company of avianca, and entered into certain other related agreements, including a put arrangement with avianca's significant minority shareholder, kingsland holdings limited ("kingsland"). the loan is secured by a pledge of synergy's equity and synergy's shares of avh stock, and the loan and other agreements contain several provisions whereby the company may acquire avh stock. we also have an equity investment in azul. see note 9 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our investments in avianca and azul.
we also have investments in several domestic regional airlines. in january 2019, we completed the acquisition of a 49.9% interest in manaair llc, which, as of immediately following the closing of that investment, owns 100% of the equity interests in expressjet airlines, inc., a domestic regional airline. we also have minority equity interests in commutair and republic airways holdings, inc. see note 9 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our investments in regional airlines.
we expect to continue exploring similar non-controlling investments in, and entering into jbas, commercial agreements, loan transactions and strategic alliances with, other carriers as part of our regional and global business strategy. these transactions and relationships involve significant challenges and risks. we are dependent on these other carriers for significant aspects of our network in the regions in which they operate. while we work closely with these carriers, each is a separately certificated commercial air carrier and we do not have control over their operations, strategy, management or business methods. these airlines also are subject to a number of the same risks as our business, which are described in this item 1a., risk factors, including competitive pressures on pricing, demand and capacity; changes in aircraft fuel pricing; and the impact of global and local political and economic conditions on operations and customer travel patterns, among others.
as a result of these and other factors, we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, and we may not receive repayment of any invested or loaned funds. further, these investments may not generate the revenue or operational synergies we expect, and they may distract management focus from our operations or other strategic options. finally, our reliance on these other carriers in the regions in which they operate may negatively impact our regional and global operations and results if those carriers are impacted by general business risks or perform below our expectations or needs. any one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition.
we may also be subject to consequences from any improper behavior of jba partners, including for failure to comply with anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. furthermore, our relationships with these carriers may be subject to the laws and regulations of non-u.s. jurisdictions in which these carriers are located or conduct business. any political or regulatory change in these jurisdictions that negatively impact or prohibit our arrangements with these carriers could have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition. to the extent that the operations of any of these carriers are disrupted over an extended period of time or their actions subject us to the consequences of failure to comply with laws and regulations, our operating results may be adversely affected.
the airline industry may undergo further change with respect to alliances and jbas or due to consolidations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the company faces and may continue to face strong competition from other carriers due to the modification of alliances and formation of new jbas. carriers may improve their competitive positions through airline alliances, slot swaps and/or jbas. certain types of airline jbas further competition by allowing multiple airlines to coordinate routes, pool revenues and costs, and enjoy other mutual benefits, achieving many of the benefits of consolidation. open skies agreements, including the longstanding agreements between the united states and each of the eu, canada, japan, korea, new zealand, australia, colombia and panama, as well as the more recent agreements between the united states and each of mexico and brazil, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for jbas and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future. the company routinely engages in analyses and discussions regarding its own strategic position, including current and potential alliances, asset acquisitions and divestitures and may have future discussions
13
with other airlines regarding strategic activities. if other airlines participate in such activities, those airlines may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the company and potentially impairing the company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships.
orders for new aircraft typically must be placed years in advance of scheduled deliveries, and changes in the company's network strategy over time may make aircraft on order less economic for the company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms.
the company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft, and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. at december 31, 2018, the company had firm commitments to purchase 273 new aircraft from the boeing company ("boeing"), airbus s.a.s ("airbus") and embraer s.a. ("embraer"), as well as related agreements with engine manufacturers, maintenance providers and others. as of december 31, 2018, the company's commitments relating to the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines, aircraft improvements and other related obligations aggregated to a total of $24.7 billion.
subsequent to the company placing an order for new aircraft, the company's network strategy may change. as a result, the company's preference for a particular aircraft that it has ordered, often years in advance, may be decreased or eliminated. if the company were to modify or terminate any of its existing aircraft order commitments, it may be responsible for material liabilities to its counterparties arising from any such change. additionally, the company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing orders. in such cases, the company may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. the company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all.
a majority of the company's aircraft and certain parts are sourced from single suppliers; therefore, the company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers.
the company currently sources the majority of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from boeing. in addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. therefore, if the company was unable to acquire additional aircraft from boeing, or if boeing was unable or unwilling to make timely deliveries of aircraft or to provide adequate support for its products, the company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. the company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft engines and certain other aircraft parts and could therefore also be materially and adversely affected in the event of the unavailability of these engines and other parts.
union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions could adversely affect the company's operations and could result in increased costs that impair its financial performance.
united is a highly unionized company. as of december 31, 2018, the company and its subsidiaries had approximately 92,000 active employees, of whom approximately 83% were represented by various u.s. labor organizations.
there is a risk that unions or individual employees might pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes implemented as a result of the company entering into collective bargaining agreements with its represented employee groups. there is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slowdowns, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the company's normal operations, in an attempt to pressure the company in collective bargaining negotiations. although the rla makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released to self-help, and the company can seek injunctive relief against premature self-help, such actions can cause significant harm even if ultimately enjoined. in addition, collective bargaining agreements with the company's represented employee groups increase the company's labor costs, which increase could be material for any applicable reporting period.
an outbreak of a disease or similar public health threat could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
an outbreak of a disease or similar public health threat that affects travel demand, travel behavior, or travel restrictions could have a material adverse impact on the company's business, financial condition and operating results.
if we experience changes in, or are unable to retain, our senior management team or other key employees, our operating results could be adversely affected.
much of our future success depends on the continued availability of skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge, including our senior management team and other key employees. if we are unable to attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key employees, or if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, our business may be adversely affected.
14
extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our operations.
the airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the united states and throughout the world. an extended interruption or disruption at an airport where we have significant operations could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation.
we operate principally through our domestic hubs in at newark, chicago o'hare, denver, houston bush, lax, guam, sfo and washington dulles. substantially all of our flights either originate in or fly into one of these locations. a significant interruption or disruption in service at one of our hubs or other airports where we have a significant presence resulting from atc delays, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, relations with third-party service providers, failure of computer systems, disruptions to government agencies or personnel, disruptions at airport facilities or other key facilities used by us to manage our operations, labor relations, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities, international hostilities or otherwise could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a material impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. we have minimal control over the operation, quality or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve or continue to provide services that are essential to our business.
the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal oversight. compliance with u.s. and international regulations imposes significant costs and may have adverse effects on the company. laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges, both domestically and internationally, have been proposed from time to time that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce airline revenue.
united provides air transportation under certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the dot. if the dot altered, amended, modified, suspended or revoked these certificates, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. the faa regulates the safety of united's operations. united operates pursuant to an air carrier operating certificate issued by the faa. the faa's regulations include stringent pilot flight and duty time requirements under part 117 of the federal aviation regulations, as well as minimum qualifications for air carrier first officers. these regulations have caused mainline airlines to hire regional pilots, while simultaneously significantly reducing the pool of new pilots from which regional carriers themselves can hire. although this is an industry issue, it directly affects the company and has required it to reduce regional partner flying, as several regional partners have experienced difficulty flying their schedules due to reduced pilot availability. from time to time, the faa also issues orders, airworthiness directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require material expenditures or operational restrictions by the company. these faa orders and directives could include the temporary grounding of an entire aircraft type if the faa identifies design, manufacturing, maintenance or other issues requiring immediate corrective action. these faa directives or requirements could have a material adverse effect on the company.
in 2018, the u.s. congress approved a five-year reauthorization for the faa, which encompasses significant aviation tax and policy-related issues. the law includes a range of policy changes related to airline customer service and aviation safety which, depending on how they are implemented, could impact our operations and costs. additionally, the u.s. congress may fail to continue to fund the operations of one or more federal government agencies which could negatively impact the company and the airline industry.
the company's operations may also be adversely impacted due to the existing antiquated atc system utilized by the u.s. government and regulated by the faa. during peak travel periods in certain markets, the current atc system's inability to handle demand has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic. in addition, the current system will not be able to effectively handle projected future air traffic growth. the outdated technologies also cause the atc to be less resilient in the event of a failure, causing flight cancellations and delays. imposition of these atc constraints on a long-term basis may have a material adverse effect on the company's operations. failure to update the atc system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of a modernized atc system that may be imposed on air carriers may have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition or operating results.
access to landing and take-off rights, or "slots," at several major u.s. airports and many foreign airports served by the company are, or recently have been, subject to government regulation. certain of the company's major hubs are among the most congested airports in the united states and have been or could be the subject of regulatory action that might limit the number of flights and/or increase costs of operations at certain times or throughout the day. the faa may limit the company's
15
airport access by limiting the number of departure and arrival slots at high density traffic airports, which could affect the company's ownership and transfer rights, and local airport authorities may have the ability to control access to certain facilities or the cost of access to their facilities, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business. the faa historically has taken actions with respect to airlines' slot holdings that airlines have challenged; if the faa were to take actions that adversely affect the company's slot holdings, the company could incur substantial costs to preserve its slots or may lose slots. if slots are eliminated at an airport, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on takeoffs and landings could result in greater congestion both at the affected airport or in the regional airspace (e.g., the new york city metropolitan region airspace) and could significantly impact the company's operations. further, the company's operating costs at airports, including the company's major hubs, may increase significantly because of capital improvements at such airports that the company may be required to fund, directly or indirectly. such costs could be imposed by the relevant airport authority without the company's approval and may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
the ability of carriers to operate flights on international routes between the united states and other countries is highly regulated. applicable arrangements between the united states and foreign governments may be amended from time to time, government policies with respect to airport operations may be revised, and the availability of appropriate slots or facilities may change. the company currently operates a number of flights on international routes under government arrangements, regulations or policies that designate the number of carriers permitted to operate on such routes, the capacity of the carriers providing services on such routes, the airports at which carriers may operate international flights, or the number of carriers allowed access to particular airports. any limitations, additions or modifications to such arrangements, regulations or policies could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operating results. additionally, a change in law, regulation or policy for any of the company's international routes, such as open skies, could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition and operating results and could result in the impairment of material amounts of related tangible and intangible assets. in addition, competition from revenue-sharing jbas and other alliance arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of the company's business and assets on the open skies routes. the company's plans to enter into or expand u.s. antitrust immunized alliances and jbas on various international routes are subject to receipt of approvals from applicable u.s. federal authorities and obtaining other applicable foreign government clearances or satisfying the necessary applicable regulatory requirements. there can be no assurance that such approvals and clearances will be granted or will continue in effect upon further regulatory review or that changes in regulatory requirements or standards can be satisfied.
see part i, item 1, business-industry regulation, of this report for additional information on government regulation impacting the company.
we are subject to many forms of environmental regulation and liability and risks associated with climate change, and may incur substantial costs as a result.
many aspects of the company's operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws protecting the environment, including those relating to emissions to the air, water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous materials and wastes. compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties. in addition, from time to time we are identified as a responsible party for environmental investigation and remediation costs under applicable environmental laws due to the disposal of hazardous substances generated by our operations. we could also be subject to environmental liability claims from various parties, including airport authorities, related to our operations at our leased premises or the off-site disposal of waste generated at our facilities.
we may incur substantial costs as a result of changes in weather patterns due to climate change. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of severe weather events such as thunderstorms, hurricanes, flooding, typhoons, tornados and other severe weather events could result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in significant loss of revenue and higher costs.
to address climate change risks, corsia has been developed by icao, a un specialized agency. corsia is intended to create a single global market-based measure to achieve carbon-neutral growth for international aviation after 2020 through airline purchases of carbon offset credits. certain corsia program details remain to be developed and could potentially be affected by political developments in participating countries or the results of the pilot phase of the program, and thus the impact of corsia cannot be fully predicted. however, corsia is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally.
in addition to corsia, the epa had begun preliminary work to adopt its own aircraft engine ghg emission standards which were expected to be aligned with recent icao carbon dioxide emission standards. the timing of any u.s. epa aircraft engine ghg emission standards is currently unknown, but some jurisdictions in which united operates have adopted or are considering ghg emission reduction initiatives, which could impact various aspects of the company's business. the precise
16
nature of future requirements and their applicability to the company are difficult to predict, but the financial impact to the company and the aviation industry would likely be adverse and could be significant.
see part i, item 1, business-industry regulation-environmental regulation, of this report for additional information on environmental regulation impacting the company.
the united kingdom's withdrawal from the eu may adversely impact our operations in the united kingdom and elsewhere.
in june 2016, united kingdom ("uk") voters approved an advisory referendum for the uk to exit the eu. the uk parliament voted in favor of allowing the government to commence negotiations to determine the future terms of the uk's relationship with the eu, including the terms of trade between the uk and the eu and other nations. the timing of the proposed exit is currently scheduled for march 29, 2019, with a transition period potentially running through december 2020. a withdrawal plan was presented to the uk parliament in january 2019 and rejected, creating further uncertainty in negotiations and the process of withdrawal.
depending on the outcome of these negotiations, we could face new challenges in our operations, such as instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets. this instability could include volatility in the value of the british pound and european euro, additional travel restrictions on passengers traveling between the uk and other eu countries, changes to the legal status of eu-resident employees, legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations. at this time, we cannot predict the impact that an actual exit from the eu will have on our business generally and our uk and european operations more specifically, and no assurance can be given that our operating results, financial condition and prospects would not be adversely impacted by the result.
the company's operating results fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry, many of which are beyond the company's control.
due to greater demand for air travel during the spring and summer months, revenues in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year are generally stronger than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year, which are periods of lower travel demand. the company's operating results generally reflect this seasonality, but have also been impacted by numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal, including, among others, extreme or severe weather, outbreaks of disease or pandemics, atc congestion, geological events, political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, tax obligations, general economic conditions and other factors. as a result, the company's quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year and historical operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage may materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company could be exposed to significant liability or loss if its property or operations were to be affected by a natural catastrophe or other event, including aircraft accidents. the company maintains insurance policies, including, but not limited to, terrorism, aviation hull and liability, workers' compensation and property and business interruption insurance, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if the company is unable to obtain sufficient insurance with acceptable terms, the costs of such insurance increase materially, or if the coverage obtained is insufficient relative to actual liability or losses that the company experiences, whether due to insurance market conditions, policy limitations and exclusions or otherwise, its operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and business.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. in addition, the company has substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines.
although the company's cash flows from operations and its available capital, including the proceeds from financing transactions, have been sufficient to meet these obligations and commitments to date, the company's future liquidity could be negatively affected by the risk factors discussed in this report. if the company's liquidity is materially diminished, the company might not be able to timely pay its leases and debts or comply with certain operating and financial covenants under its financing and credit card processing agreements or with other material provisions of its contractual obligations.
the company's substantial level of indebtedness and non-investment grade credit rating, as well as market conditions and the availability of assets as collateral for loans or other indebtedness, may make it difficult for the company to raise additional capital if needed to meet its liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or at all. in addition, our variable rate indebtedness may use
17
london interbank offered rates ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the rate. as announced in july 2017, libor is expected to be phased out by the end of 2021. uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to libor may adversely impact the availability and cost of borrowings.
see part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of this report for additional information regarding the company's liquidity.
agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default.
our financing agreements include various financial and other covenants. certain of these covenants require ual or united, as applicable, to maintain minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. ual's or united's ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including the overall industry revenue environment, the level of fuel costs and the appraised value of the collateral. in addition, our financing agreements contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. these covenants are subject to important exceptions and qualifications. if we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result.
if an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts due and payable. in addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. the acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements.
the company may never realize the full value of its intangible assets or its long-lived assets causing it to record impairments that may negatively affect its financial condition and operating results.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, the company is required to test its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently where there is an indication of impairment. in addition, the company is required to test certain of its other assets for impairment where there is any indication that an asset may be impaired.
the company may be required to recognize losses in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, government regulatory changes, decline in the fair values of certain tangible or intangible assets, such as aircraft, route authorities, airport slots and frequent flyer database, unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. the company can provide no assurance that a material impairment loss of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period. the value of the company's aircraft could be impacted in future periods by changes in supply and demand for these aircraft. such changes in supply and demand for certain aircraft types could result from grounding of aircraft by the company or other carriers. an impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and operating results.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview united continental holdings, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "ual" or the "company") is a holding company and its principal, wholly-owned subsidiary is united airlines, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "united"). as ual consolidates united for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of united also apply to ual, unless otherwise noted. united's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of ual's revenues and operating expenses. in addition, united comprises approximately the entire balance of ual's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. when appropriate, ual and united are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of ual and united are separately disclosed and explained. we sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of ual and united.
2018 financial highlights
   2018 net income was $2.1 billion, or $7.70 diluted earnings per share, as compared to $2.1 billion, or $7.06 diluted earnings per share, in 2017.
   revenue for 2018 increased $3.5 billion over 2017 due to a 4.9% growth in asms and a prasm increase of 4.3% in 2018 compared to 2017.
   aircraft fuel cost for 2018 increased 34.6% over 2017 mainly due to higher fuel prices.
   in 2018, ual repurchased approximately 17.5 million shares of its common stock for $1.2 billion. as of december 31, 2018, the company had approximately $1.8 billion remaining to purchase shares under its share repurchase program.
   ual ended 2018 with $6.0 billion in unrestricted liquidity, which consisted of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and available capacity under the revolving credit facility of its amended and restated credit and guaranty agreement (as amended, the "credit agreement").
2018 operational highlights
   rpms for 2018 increased 6.4% as compared to 2017, and asms increased 4.9% from the prior year, resulting in a load factor of 83.6% in 2018 versus 82.4% in 2017.
   for 2018 and 2017, the company recorded u.s. department of transportation on-time arrival rates of 79.8% and 81.9%, respectively, and mainline completion factors of 99.2% and 99.0%, respectively.
outlook set forth below is a discussion of matters that we believe could impact our financial and operating performance and cause our results of operations in future periods to differ materially from our historical operating results and/or from our anticipated results of operations described in the forward-looking statements in this report. see part i, item 1a., risk factors, of this report and the factors described under "forward-looking information" below for additional discussion of these and other factors that could affect us.
growth strategy. in 2018, the company completed the first year of its multi-year growth strategy, increasing asms 4.9% compared to 2017. our priorities for 2019 are delivering top-tier operational reliability and customer service while continuing to execute on our growth plan by strengthening our domestic network through strategic and efficient growth and investing in our people and product.
fuel. the company's average aircraft fuel price per gallon including related taxes was $2.25 in 2018 as compared to $1.74 in 2017. based on the company's projected fuel consumption in 2019, a one-dollar change in the price of a barrel of crude oil would change the company's projected fuel expense by approximately $104 million.
24
results of operations
2018 compared to 2017
operating revenue the table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change in the company's operating revenues for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2018                                      2017                         increase (decrease)        % change passenger revenue           $37,706             $34,460                    $3,246                      9.4
cargo                         1,237               1,114                       123                     11.0
other operating revenue       2,360               2,210                       150                      6.8
total operating revenue     $41,303             $37,784                    $3,519                      9.3
the table below presents selected passenger revenue and operating data of the company, broken out by geographic region, expressed as year-over-year changes:
increase (decrease) from 2017 (a):
domestic                                                atlantic            pacific              latin               total passenger revenue (in millions)                                    $2,340                                                    $688                        $185                $33               $3,246
passenger revenue                                                    11.1             %                                      11.7             %           4.3    %           1.0    %             9.4   %
average fare per passenger                                            2.8             %                                       0.2             %           8.5    %           2.5    %             2.3   %
yield                                                                 3.8             %                                      (0.4            )%           2.7    %          (0.3   )%             2.8   %
prasm                                                                 4.1             %                                       6.3             %           3.0    %           0.8    %             4.3   %
passengers                                                            8.1             %                                      11.5             %          (3.9   )%          (1.4   )%             6.9   %
rpms (traffic)                                                        7.0             %                                      12.1             %           1.5    %           1.3    %             6.4   %
asms (capacity)                                                       6.7             %                                       5.1             %           1.3    %           0.3    %             4.9   %
passenger load factor (points)                                        0.2                                                     5.1                         0.2                0.8                  1.2
(a) see part ii, item 6, selected financial data, of this report for the definition of these statistics.
passenger revenue increased $3.2 billion, or 9.4%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to a 6.4% increase in traffic. prasm increased 4.3% in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase in prasm was driven by improvements in scheduling, higher corporate demand, increases in close-in bookings in the domestic markets and premium cabin demand improvements in the atlantic and pacific markets.
cargo revenue increased $123 million, or 11.0%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to freight volume and higher yield in the atlantic and pacific markets.
other operating revenue increased $150 million, or 6.8%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to increased revenue related to mileageplus miles sales.
25
operating expense the table below includes data related to the company's operating expense for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2018                                                                              2017            increase (decrease)            % change salaries and related costs                             $11,458             $10,941                      $517                   4.7
aircraft fuel                                            9,307               6,913                     2,394                  34.6
regional capacity purchase                               2,601               2,232                       369                  16.5
landing fees and other rent                              2,359               2,240                       119                   5.3
depreciation and amortization                            2,240               2,149                        91                   4.2
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs       1,767               1,856                       (89        )         (4.8      )
distribution expenses                                    1,558               1,435                       123                   8.6
aircraft rent                                              433                 621                      (188        )        (30.3      )
special charges                                            487                 176                       311                    nm other operating expenses                                 5,801               5,550                       251                   4.5
total operating expenses                               $38,011             $34,113                    $3,898                  11.4
salaries and related costs increased $517 million, or 4.7%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to higher pay rates, higher benefit expenses (primarily health and pension costs), and a 0.7% increase in average full-time employees.
aircraft fuel expense increased $2.4 billion, or 34.6%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to increased fuel prices and a 4.9% increase in capacity. the table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes and per gallon data):
2018                2017                     %change fuel expense                              $9,307              $6,913               34.6
total fuel consumption (gallons)           4,137               3,978                4.0
average price per gallon                   $2.25               $1.74               29.3
regional capacity purchase costs increased $369 million, or 16.5%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to increased flying related to the company's initiative to improve connectivity at its domestic hubs, as well as rate increases under various capacity purchase agreements ("cpas") with regional carriers.
landing fees and other rent increased $119 million, or 5.3%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to increased rates and our capacity growth.
depreciation and amortization increased $91 million, or 4.2%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to additions of new and used aircraft, aircraft improvements and increases in information technology infrastructure and application development projects.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs decreased $89 million, or 4.8%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to optimization of fleet retirement schedules and related maintenance costs for those aircraft and timing of certain maintenance events.
distribution expenses increased $123 million, or 8.6%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to higher credit card and travel agency booking fees as a result of the overall increase in passenger revenue.
aircraft rent decreased $188 million, or 30.3%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to the purchase of leased aircraft, conversion of certain operating leases to capital leases and lease term expirations.
the table below presents special charges incurred by the company during the years ended december 31 (in millions):
26
2018                                                                                  2017
impairment of assets                                            $377               $25
termination of an engine maintenance service agreement            64                 -
severance and benefit costs                                       41               116
(gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges         5                35
total special charges                                           $487              $176
see note 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
other operating expenses increased $251 million, or 4.5%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to an increase in purchased services related to our airport operations resulting from capacity growth, technology initiatives, facility projects, crew-related lodging and trucking and handling of cargo shipments.
nonoperating income (expense)
the following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the company's nonoperating income (expense) for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2018                                                       2017           increase (decrease)            % change interest expense                    $(729   )         $(671   )                  $58                   8.6
interest capitalized                   70                84                      (14        )        (16.7      )
interest income                       101                57       44                                  77.2
miscellaneous, net                    (76   )          (101   )                  (25        )        (24.8      )
total nonoperating expense, net     $(634   )         $(631   )                   $3                   0.5
interest expense increased $58 million, or 8.6%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to debt issued for the acquisition of new aircraft and the conversion of certain operating leases to capital leases.
interest income increased $44 million, or 77.2%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to increased interest rates.
miscellaneous, net decreased $25 million, or 24.8%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to a decrease in pension benefit costs that was partially offset by an increase in foreign exchange losses and an increase in equity earnings from affiliates.
2017 compared to 2016
operating revenue the table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change in the company's operating revenues for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2017                                                   2016            increase (decrease)           % change passenger revenue           $34,460             $33,429                    $1,031                  3.1
cargo                         1,114                 934                       180                 19.3
other operating revenue       2,210               2,195                        15                  0.7
total operating revenue     $37,784             $36,558                    $1,226                  3.4
the table below presents selected passenger revenue and operating data of the company, broken out by geographic region, expressed as year-over-year changes:
27
increase (decrease) in 2017 from 2016 (a):
domestic                        atlantic                         pacific                           latin                           total passenger revenue (in millions)            $885                            $117                           $(144       )                    $173                          $1,031
passenger revenue                           4.4       %                     2.0       %                    (3.2      )%                     5.8       %                     3.1       %
average fare per passenger                  0.2       %                     1.5       %                    (0.1      )%                     4.0       %                    (0.3      )%
yield                                      (0.3      )%                     1.1       %                    (2.4      )%                     4.1       %                     0.2       %
prasm                                      (0.5      )%                     1.6       %                    (6.0      )%                     3.3       %                    (0.4      )%
passengers                                  4.2       %                     0.5       %                    (3.1      )%                     1.7       %                     3.4       %
rpms (traffic)                              4.7       %                     0.9       %                    (0.9      )%                     1.6       %                     2.8       %
asms (capacity)                             4.9       %                     0.4       %                     2.9       %                     2.4       %                     3.5       %
passenger load factor (points)             (0.2       )                     0.4                            (3.0       )                    (0.7       )                    (0.5       )
(a) see part ii, item 6, selected financial data, of this report for the definition of these statistics.
passenger revenue increased $1.0 billion, or 3.1%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to a 2.8% increase in traffic. prasm decreased 0.4% in 2017 as compared to 2016. the decline in prasm was driven by factors including more aggressive low-cost carrier pricing in our hub markets, temporary share loss during roll-out of our basic economy pricing, and softer demand in china and guam. our revenue in 2017 was negatively impacted by severe storms during the third quarter.
cargo revenue increased $180 million, or 19.3%, in 2017 as compared to 2016 due to higher year-over-year international freight volume and yield.
operating expense the table below includes data related to the company's operating expense for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2017                                                                              2016            increase (decrease)           % change salaries and related costs                             $10,941             $10,176                      $765                  7.5
aircraft fuel                                            6,913               5,813                     1,100                 18.9
landing fees and other rent                              2,240               2,165                        75                  3.5
regional capacity purchase                               2,232               2,197                        35                  1.6
depreciation and amortization                            2,149               1,977                       172                  8.7
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs       1,856               1,749                       107                  6.1
distribution expenses                                    1,435               1,395                        40                  2.9
aircraft rent                                              621                 680                       (59        )        (8.7      )
special charges                                            176                 745                      (569        )          nm other operating expenses                                 5,550               5,317                       233                  4.4
total operating expenses                               $34,113             $32,214                    $1,899                  5.9
salaries and related costs increased $765 million, or 7.5%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to higher pay rates and benefit expenses driven by collective bargaining agreements finalized in 2016, and a 2.5% increase in average full-time equivalent employees, partially offset by a decrease in profit sharing and other employee incentives.
aircraft fuel expense increased $1.1 billion, or 18.9%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to increased fuel prices and a 3.5% increase in capacity. the table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes and per gallon data):
(in millions)                                             average price per gallon
2017                                                                                          2016        %change               2017                2016        %change total aircraft fuel purchase cost excluding fuel hedge impacts      $6,911              $5,596               23.5         $1.74               $1.43                21.7
hedge losses reported in fuel expense                                    2                 217                 nm             -                0.06             nm fuel expense                                                        $6,913              $5,813               18.9         $1.74               $1.49                16.8
total fuel consumption (gallons)                                     3,978               3,904                1.9
28
landing fees and other rent increased $75 million, or 3.5%, in 2017 as compared to the year-ago period due to higher rental and landing fee rates.
regional capacity purchase costs increased $35 million, or 1.6%, in 2017 as compared to the year-ago period despite regional capacity being down 3.8% in 2017 as compared to 2016 due to increases in annual rates, maintenance cycle-related costs and lease return costs.
depreciation and amortization increased $172 million, or 8.7%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to additions of new and used aircraft, aircraft improvements and increases in information technology infrastructure and application development projects.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs increased $107 million, or 6.1%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in airframe and engine maintenance visits and additional repairs to wireless and inflight entertainment equipment.
aircraft rent decreased $59 million, or 8.7%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to the purchase of leased aircraft and lower lease renewal rates.
the table below presents special charges incurred by the company during the years ended december 31 (in millions):
2017                                                                                  2016
severance and benefit costs                                     $116               $37
impairment of assets                                              25               412
cleveland airport lease restructuring                              -                74
labor agreement costs                                              -               171
(gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges        35                51
total special charges                                           $176              $745
see note 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
other operating expenses increased $233 million, or 4.4%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to increased costs in food, marketing and technology associated with the company's enhanced customer experience initiatives, and due to volume-driven increases in cargo trucking and handling costs.
nonoperating income (expense)
the following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the company's nonoperating income (expense) for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2017                                                       2016           increase (decrease)           % change interest expense                    $(671   )         $(674   )                  $(3        )        (0.4      )
interest capitalized                   84                72                       12                 16.7
interest income                        57                42                       15                 35.7
miscellaneous, net                   (101   )           (11   )                   90                   nm total nonoperating expense, net     $(631   )         $(571   )                  $60                 10.5
miscellaneous, net increased $90 million in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to 2016 curtailments gains related to changes in the new labor agreements. see note 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2018, the company had $4.0 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, an increase of $0.2 billion from december 31, 2017. the company had its entire commitment capacity of $2.0 billion under the revolving credit facility of the credit agreement available for borrowings as of december 31, 2018.
we have a significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt, aircraft leases and financings, leases of airport property and other facilities and pension funding obligations. at december 31, 2018, the company had approximately $14.7 billion of debt and capital lease obligations, including $1.4 billion that are due within the next 12 months. in addition, we have substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of new aircraft and related spare engines. as of
29
december 31, 2018, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by approximately $6.0 billion. however, approximately $6.7 billion of our current liabilities are related to our advance ticket sales and frequent flyer deferred revenue, both of which largely represent revenue to be recognized for travel in the near future and not cash outlays. the deficit in working capital does not have an adverse impact to our cash flows, liquidity or operations.
for 2019, the company expects approximately $4.7 billion of gross capital expenditures. see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on commitments.
as of december 31, 2018, a substantial portion of the company's assets, principally aircraft, route authorities and airport slots, was pledged under various loan and other agreements. collateral pledged under these loans continues to be sufficient to satisfy the loan covenants. we must sustain our profitability and/or access the capital markets to meet our significant long-term debt and capital lease obligations and future commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines. see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on assets provided as collateral by the company.
the following is a discussion of the company's sources and uses of cash from 2016 through 2018.
operating activities
2018 compared to 2017
cash flow provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $6.2 billion compared to $3.4 billion in the same period in 2017. the following were significant working capital items in 2018:
   mileageplus sales. in 2018, we received $1.3 billion more for mileageplus miles sales to our partners as compared to 2017, mainly due to our domestic co-branded credit card partner fully utilizing the $0.9 billion remaining balance in its pre-purchased miles in 2017.
   advance ticket sales and deferred revenue. our 2018 traffic growth and yield improvements contributed to a $0.7 billion increase in advance ticket sales and frequent flyer deferred revenue.
2017 compared to 2016
cash flow provided by operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $3.4 billion compared to $5.5 billion in the same period in 2016, the decrease resulting from lower operating income and reduced cash flows from certain changes in working capital items. excluding the non-cash impairment of the newark slots, operating income for 2017 was approximately $1.2 billion lower than 2016. working capital changes reduced cash flow from operations by an additional $1.2 billion year-over-year in 2017 as compared to 2016. the following were significant working capital items in 2017:
   $0.9 billion decrease in advanced purchase of miles due to increased utilization of pre-purchased miles.
   $0.4 billion increase in prepayments for maintenance contracts.
investing activities
2018 compared to 2017
the company's capital expenditures were $4.2 billion and $4.0 billion in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company's capital expenditures for both years were primarily attributable to the purchase of aircraft, aircraft improvements, facility and fleet-related costs and the purchase of information technology assets.
on november 29, 2018, united, as lender, entered into a term loan agreement (the "synergy loan agreement") with affiliates of synergy aerospace corporation ("synergy"), as borrower and guarantor, respectively, and on november 30, 2018, pursuant to the synergy loan agreement, united provided a secured $456 million term loan to synergy. synergy is the majority shareholder of avianca holdings s.a. ("avh"), the parent company of avianca. the loan was made in conjunction with a revenue-sharing joint business agreement among united, avianca and copa airlines as described in part 1, item 1 of this report. for additional information regarding the synergy loan agreement and related agreements, see notes 9 and 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
in april 2018, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, the company invested $138 million in azul linhas aereas brasileiras s.a. ("azul") thus increasing its preferred equity stake in azul to approximately 8% (representing approximately 2% of the total capital stock of azul).
30
2017 compared to 2016
the company's capital expenditures were $4.0 billion and $3.2 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the company's capital expenditures for both years were primarily attributable to the purchase of aircraft, aircraft improvements, facility and fleet-related costs and the purchase of information technology assets.
financing activities significant financing events in 2018 were as follows:
share repurchases the company used $1.2 billion of cash to purchase approximately 17.5 million shares of its common stock during 2018. as of december 31, 2018, the company had approximately $1.8 billion remaining to purchase shares under its share repurchase program.
debt issuances during 2018, united received and recorded $1.2 billion of proceeds as debt related to enhanced equipment trust certificate ("eetc") offerings created in 2018 to finance the purchase of aircraft.
during 2018, united borrowed approximately $424 million aggregate principal amount from various financial institutions to finance the purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2018.
debt and capital lease principal payments during the year ended december 31, 2018, the company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $1.9 billion.
significant financing events in 2017 were as follows:
share repurchases the company used $1.8 billion of cash to purchase approximately 27.8 million shares of its common stock during 2017, completing its july 2016 repurchase authorization. in december 2017, ual's board of directors authorized a new $3.0 billion share repurchase program to acquire ual's common stock. as of december 31, 2017, the company had approximately $3.0 billion remaining to purchase shares under its share repurchase program.
debt issuances during 2017, united received and recorded $1.8 billion of proceeds as debt related to enhanced equipment trust certificate ("eetc") offerings created in 2016 and 2017 to finance the purchase of aircraft.
in 2017, ual issued, and united guaranteed, (i) $400 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 4.25% senior notes due october 1, 2022, and (ii) $300 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured 5% senior notes due february 1, 2024.
in 2017, united and ual, as borrower and guarantor, respectively, increased the term loan under the credit agreement by approximately $440 million.
during 2017, united borrowed approximately $497 million aggregate principal amount from various financial institutions to finance the purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2017.
debt and capital lease principal payments during the year ended december 31, 2017, the company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $1.0 billion.
significant financing events in 2016 were as follows:
share repurchases the company used $2.6 billion of cash to purchase 50.3 million shares of its common stock during 2016 under its share repurchase programs.
31
debt issuances in 2016, united completed two eetc offerings for a total principal amount of $2.0 billion. of the $2.0 billion, united received and recorded $708 million of proceeds as debt as of december 31, 2016 to finance the purchase of 17 aircraft. in 2016, united borrowed approximately $369 million aggregate principal amount from various financial institutions to finance the purchase of several aircraft delivered in 2016.
debt and capital lease principal payments during the year ended december 31, 2016, the company made debt and capital lease principal payments of $1.4 billion.
for additional information regarding these liquidity and capital resource matters, see notes 3, 10, 11 and 12 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report. for information regarding non-cash investing and financing activities, see the company's statements of consolidated cash flows.
credit ratings. as of the filing date of this report, ual and united had the following corporate credit ratings:
s&amp;p                         moody's                         fitch ual             bb                              ba2                             bb united          bb                              *                               bb
*the credit agency does not issue corporate credit ratings for subsidiary entities.
these credit ratings are below investment grade levels. downgrades from these rating levels, among other things, could restrict the availability, or increase the cost, of future financing for the company.
other liquidity matters below is a summary of additional liquidity matters. see the indicated notes to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional details related to these and other matters affecting our liquidity and commitments.
pension and other postretirement plans    note 8
long-term debt and debt covenants         note 10
leases and capacity purchase agreements   note 11
commitments and contingencies             note 13
contractual obligations. the company's business is capital intensive, requiring significant amounts of capital to fund the acquisition of assets, particularly aircraft. in the past, the company has funded the acquisition of aircraft with cash, by using eetc financing, by entering into capital or operating leases, or through other financings. the company also often enters into long-term lease commitments with airports to ensure access to terminal, cargo, maintenance and other required facilities.
the table below provides a summary of the company's material contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018 (in billions):
2019              2020              2021              2022              2023            after 2023             total long-term debt (a)                                          $1.2              $1.3              $1.3              $1.7              $0.7                $7.4               $13.6
capital lease obligations-principal portion                  0.2               0.1               0.1               0.1                 -                 0.9                 1.3
total debt and capital lease obligations                     1.4               1.4               1.4               1.8               0.7                 8.3                14.9
interest on debt and capital lease obligations (b)           0.7               0.6               0.5               0.4               0.4                 1.1                 3.6
aircraft operating lease obligations                         0.8               0.7               0.6               0.4               0.4                 1.2                 4.1
regional cpas (c)                                            2.2               2.0               1.8               1.4               0.8                 3.1                11.3
other operating lease obligations                            1.3               1.4               1.1               1.0               1.0                 7.0                12.8
postretirement obligations (d)                               0.1               0.1               0.1               0.1               0.1                 0.5                 1.0
pension obligations (e)                                        -                 -                 -               0.3               0.2                 0.5                 1.0
capital purchase obligations (f)                             4.2               5.3               3.5               2.8               1.9                 7.0                24.7
total contractual obligations                              $10.7             $11.5              $9.0              $8.2              $5.5               $28.7               $73.4
32
(a) long-term debt presented in the company's financial statements is net of $191 million of debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs which are being amortized over the debt terms. contractual payments do not include the debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs.
(b) includes interest portion of capital lease obligations of $124 million in 2019, $104 million in 2020, $80 million in 2021, $63 million in 2022, $57 million in 2023 and $410 million thereafter. interest payments on variable interest rate debt were calculated using london interbank offered rates ("libor") applicable at december 31, 2018.
(c) represents our estimates of future minimum noncancelable commitments under our cpas and does not include the portion of the underlying obligations for aircraft and facility rent that is disclosed as part of aircraft and nonaircraft operating leases. amounts also exclude a portion of united's capital lease obligation recorded for certain of its cpas. see note 11 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for the significant assumptions used to estimate the payments.
(d) amounts represent postretirement benefit payments, net of subsidy receipts, through 2028. benefit payments approximate plan contributions as plans are substantially unfunded.
(e) represents an estimate of the minimum funding requirements as determined by government regulations for united's u.s. pension plans. amounts are subject to change based on numerous assumptions, including the performance of assets in the plans and bond rates. see critical accounting policies, below, for a discussion of our current year assumptions regarding united's pension plans.
(f) represents contractual commitments for firm order aircraft, spare engines and other capital purchase commitments. see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a discussion of our purchase commitments.
off-balance sheet arrangements. an off-balance sheet arrangement is any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has (1) made guarantees, (2) a retained or a contingent interest in transferred assets, (3) an obligation under derivative instruments classified as equity, or (4) any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support, or that engages in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements. the company's primary off-balance sheet arrangements include operating leases, which are summarized in the contractual obligations table under contractual obligations, above, and certain municipal bond obligations, as discussed below.
as of december 31, 2018, united had cash collateralized $73 million of letters of credit, which generally have evergreen clauses and are expected to be renewed on an annual basis. as of december 31, 2018, united also had $418 million of surety bonds securing various obligations with expiration dates through 2022.
as of december 31, 2018, united is the guarantor of approximately $1.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of tax-exempt special facilities revenue bonds and interest thereon. these bonds, issued by various airport municipalities, are payable solely from rentals paid under long-term agreements with the respective governing bodies. the leasing arrangements associated with a majority of these obligations are accounted for as operating leases. the leasing arrangements associated with a portion of these obligations are accounted for as capital leases. the annual lease payments for those obligations are included in the contractual obligations table under contractual obligations, above.
in connection with funding the synergy loan agreement, the company entered into an agreement with avh's significant minority shareholder, kingsland holdings limited ("kingsland"), pursuant to which, in return for kingsland's pledge of its 144.8 million shares of avh common stock (equivalent to 18.1 million american depositary receipts ("adrs")) and its consent to synergy's pledge of its avh common stock to united under the synergy loan agreement, united (1) granted to kingsland the right to put its shares of avh common stock to united at market price on the fifth anniversary of the synergy loan agreement, and (2) guaranteed synergy's obligation to pay kingsland (which amount, if paid by united, will increase united's secured loan to synergy by such amount) if the market price of avh common stock on the fifth anniversary is less than $12 per adr on the nyse, for an aggregate maximum possible combined put payment and guarantee amount on the fifth anniversary of $217.2 million. accordingly, the company recorded a liability of $31 million for the fair value of its guarantee to loan additional funds to synergy if required. any additional loans to synergy would be collateralized by synergy's shares of avh stock and other collateral.
as of december 31, 2018, united is the guarantor of $145 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of united's regional carriers. the aircraft mortgage debt is subject to increased cost provisions and the company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. the increased cost provisions in the $145 million of aircraft mortgage debt are similar to those in certain of the company's debt agreements. see discussion under increased cost provisions, below, for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the company's debt.
eetcs. as of december 31, 2018, united had $8.8 billion principal amount of equipment notes outstanding issued under eetc financings. generally, the structure of these eetc financings consists of pass-through trusts created by united to issue pass-through certificates, which represent fractional undivided interests in the respective pass-through trusts and are not obligations of united. the proceeds of the issuance of the pass-through certificates are used to purchase equipment notes which
33
are issued by united and secured by its aircraft. the payment obligations under the equipment notes are those of united. proceeds received from the sale of pass-through certificates are initially held by a depositary in escrow for the benefit of the certificate holders until united issues equipment notes to the trust, which purchases such notes with a portion of the escrowed funds. these escrowed funds are not guaranteed by united and are not reported as debt on united's consolidated balance sheet because the proceeds held by the depositary are not united's assets. in february 2019, united completed a $1.0 billion eetc offering to finance certain 2018 and 2019 aircraft deliveries. see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
increased cost provisions. in united's financing transactions that include loans, united typically agrees to reimburse lenders for any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans in which the interest rate is based on libor, for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. at december 31, 2018, the company had $3.5 billion of floating rate debt and $27 million of fixed rate debt, with remaining terms of up to 12 years, that are subject to these increased cost provisions. in several financing transactions involving loans or leases from non-u.s. entities, with remaining terms of up to 12 years and an aggregate balance of $3.2 billion, the company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments thereunder to non-u.s. entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions.
fuel consortia. united participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. the consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that are typically financed through tax-exempt bonds, either special facilities lease revenue bonds or general airport revenue bonds, issued by various local municipalities. in general, each consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on the bonds. as of december 31, 2018, approximately $1.7 billion principal amount of such bonds were secured by significant fuel facility leases in which united participates, as to which united and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. as of december 31, 2018, the company's contingent exposure was approximately $164 million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. the company's contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. the guarantees will expire when the tax-exempt bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2022 to 2051. the company did not record a liability at the time these indirect guarantees were made.
critical accounting policies critical accounting policies are defined as those that are affected by significant judgments and uncertainties which potentially could result in materially different accounting under different assumptions and conditions. the company has prepared the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the company has identified the following critical accounting policies that impact the preparation of the financial statements.
frequent flyer accounting. united's mileageplus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. members in this program earn miles for travel on united, united express, star alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. members can also earn miles by purchasing the goods and services of our network of non-airline partners. we have contracts to sell miles to these partners with the terms extending from one to eight years. these partners include domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and non-travel awards. miles expire after 18 months of member account inactivity.
miles earned in conjunction with travel. when frequent flyers earn miles for flights, the company recognizes a portion of the ticket sales as revenue when the travel occurs and defers a portion of the ticket sale representing the value of the related miles as a separate performance obligation. the company determines the estimated selling price of travel and miles as if each element is sold on a separate basis. the total consideration from each ticket sale is then allocated to each of these elements, individually, on a pro-rata basis. at the time of travel, the company records the portion allocated to the miles to frequent flyer deferred revenue on the company's consolidated balance sheet and subsequently recognizes it into revenue when miles are redeemed for air travel and non-air travel awards.
the company's estimated selling price of miles is based on an equivalent ticket value less breakage, which incorporates the expected redemption of miles, as the best estimate of selling price for these miles. the equivalent ticket value is based on the prior 12 months' weighted average equivalent ticket value of similar fares as those used to settle award redemptions while
34
taking into consideration such factors as redemption pattern, cabin class, loyalty status and geographic region. the estimated selling price of miles is adjusted by breakage that considers a number of factors, including redemption patterns of various customer groups. the company reviews its breakage estimates annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns. the company's estimate of the expected expiration of miles requires significant management judgment. current and future changes to expiration assumptions or to the expiration policy, or to program rules and program redemption opportunities, may result in material changes to the deferred revenue balance as well as recognized revenues from the program. for the portion of the outstanding miles that we estimate will not be redeemed, we recognize the associated value proportionally as the remaining miles are redeemed.
co-brand agreement. united has a significant contract (the "co-brand agreement") to sell mileageplus miles to its co-branded credit card partner chase bank usa, n.a. ("chase"). chase awards miles to mileageplus members based on their credit card activity. united identified the following significant separately identifiable performance obligations in the co-brand agreement:
   mileageplus miles awarded - united has a performance obligation to provide mileageplus cardholders with miles to be used for air travel and non-travel award redemptions. the company records passenger revenue related to the travel awards when the transportation is provided and records other revenue related to the non-travel awards when the goods or services are delivered. the company records the cost associated with non-travel awards in other operating revenue.
   marketing - united has a performance obligation to provide chase access to its customer list and the use of its brand. marketing revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
   advertising - united has a performance obligation to provide advertising in support of the mileageplus card in various customer contact points such as united's website, email promotions, direct mail campaigns, airport advertising and in-flight advertising. advertising revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
   other travel-related benefits - united's performance obligations are comprised of various items such as waived bag fees, seat upgrades and lounge passes. lounge passes are recorded to other operating revenue as customers use the lounge passes. bag fees and seat upgrades are recorded to passenger revenue at the time of the associated travel.
we account for all the payments received (including monthly and one-time payments) under the co-brand agreement by allocating them to the separately identifiable performance obligations. the fair value of the separately identifiable performance obligations is determined using management's estimated selling price of each component. the objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. the company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the co-brand agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the components to be delivered. we also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in the allocation of the estimated consideration from the co-brand agreement on a prospective basis.
frequent flyer deferred revenue. miles in mileageplus members' accounts are combined into one homogeneous pool and are thus not separately identifiable, for award redemption purposes, between miles earned in the current period and those in their beginning balance. of the miles expected to be redeemed, the company expects the majority of these miles to be redeemed within two years.
the following table summarizes information related to the company's frequent flyer deferred revenue liability:
frequent flyer deferred revenue at december 31, 2018 (in millions)                                                                           $5,005
percentage of miles earned expected to expire                                                                                         14.5            %
impact of 1% change in outstanding miles expected to be redeemed or weighted average ticket value on deferred revenue (in millions)             $50
revenue recognition. the company presents passenger revenue, cargo revenue and other operating revenue on its income statement. passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided and cargo revenue is recognized when shipments arrive at their destination. other operating revenue is recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied.
passenger tickets and related ancillary services sold by the company for mainline and regional flights are purchased primarily via credit card transactions, with payments collected by the company in advance of the performance of related services. the company initially records ticket sales in its advance ticket sales liability, deferring revenue recognition until the travel occurs. for travel that has more than one flight segment, the company deems each segment as a separate performance obligation and recognizes revenue for each segment as travel occurs. tickets sold by other airlines where the company provides the
35
transportation are recognized as passenger revenue at the estimated value to be billed to the other airline when travel is provided. differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount recorded was different from the original estimate. when necessary, the company records a reserve against its billings and payables with other airlines based on historical experience.
the company sells certain tickets with connecting flights with one or more segments operated by its other airline partners. for segments operated by its other airline partners, the company has determined that it is acting as an agent on behalf of the other airlines as they are responsible for their portion of the contract (i.e. transportation of the passenger). the company, as the agent, recognizes revenue within other operating revenue at the time of the travel for the net amount representing commission to be retained by the company for any segments flown by other airlines.
refundable tickets expire after one year from the date of issuance. non-refundable tickets generally expire on the date of the intended travel, unless the date is extended by notification from the customer on or before the intended travel date. the company records breakage revenue on the travel date for its estimate of tickets that will expire unused. to determine breakage, the company uses its historical experience with refundable and nonrefundable expired tickets and other facts, such as recent aging trends, program changes and modifications that could affect the ultimate expiration patterns of tickets. fees charged in association with changes or extensions to non-refundable tickets are considered part of the company's passenger travel obligation. as such, those fees are deferred at the time of collection and recognized at the time the travel is provided.
united initially capitalizes the costs of selling airline travel tickets and then recognizes those costs as distribution expense at the time of travel. passenger ticket costs include credit card fees, travel agency and other commissions paid, as well as global distribution systems booking fees.
long-lived assets. the net book value of operating property and equipment for the company was $28 billion and $26 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the assets' recorded value is impacted by a number of accounting policy elections, including the estimation of useful lives and residual values and, when necessary, the recognition of asset impairment charges.
the company records assets acquired, including aircraft, at acquisition cost. depreciable life is determined through economic analysis, such as reviewing existing fleet plans, obtaining appraisals and comparing estimated lives to other airlines that operate similar fleets. the company has generally estimated the lives of those aircraft to be between 25 and 30 years. residual values are estimated based on historical experience with regard to the sale of both aircraft and spare parts and are established in conjunction with the estimated useful lives of the related fleets. residual values are based on when the aircraft are acquired and typically reflect asset values that have not reached the end of their physical life. both depreciable lives and residual values are revised periodically as facts and circumstances arise to recognize changes in the company's fleet plan and other relevant information. a one-year increase in the average depreciable life of the company's flight equipment would reduce annual depreciation expense on flight equipment by approximately $85 million.
the company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets and intangible assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. for purposes of this testing, the company has generally identified the aircraft fleet type as the lowest level of identifiable cash flows for purposes of testing aircraft for impairment. an impairment charge is recognized when the asset's carrying value exceeds its net undiscounted future cash flows and its fair market value. the amount of the charge is the difference between the asset's carrying value and fair market value.
see note 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
indefinite-lived intangible assets. the company has indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. an impairment occurs when the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value.
see note 2 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
defined benefit plan accounting. we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. the most critical assumptions impacting our defined benefit pension plan obligations and expenses are the weighted average discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets.
united's pension plans' under-funded status was $1.6 billion at december 31, 2018. funding requirements for tax-qualified defined benefit pension plans are determined by government regulations. in 2019, we anticipate contributing at least $318 million to our pension plans. the fair value of the plans' assets was $3.8 billion at december 31, 2018.
36
when calculating pension expense for 2019, the company assumed that its plans' assets would generate a long-term rate of return of approximately 7.4%. the expected long-term rate of return assumption was developed based on historical experience and input from the trustee managing the plans' assets. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on a goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining risk at acceptable levels. our projected long-term rate of return reflects the active management of our plans' assets. the plans strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. plan fiduciaries regularly review actual asset allocation and the pension plans' investments are periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate.
the defined benefit pension plans' assets consist of return generating investments and risk mitigating investments which are held through direct ownership or through interests in common collective trusts. return generating investments include primarily equity securities, fixed-income securities and alternative investments (e.g. private equity and hedge funds). risk mitigating investments include primarily u.s. government and investment grade corporate fixed-income securities. the allocation of assets was as follows at december 31, 2018:
percent of total          expected long-termrate of return equity securities               36   %                           9.5                  %
fixed-income securities         37                               5.8
alternatives                    16                               7.3
other                           11                               7.8
pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets decreases. lowering the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by 50 basis points (from 7.4% to 6.9%) would increase estimated 2019 pension expense by approximately $20 million. future pension obligations for united's plans were discounted using a weighted average rate of 4.2% at december 31, 2018. the company selected the discount rate for substantially all of its plans by using a hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds at december 31, 2018 that would provide the necessary cash flows to match the projected benefit payments. the pension liability and future pension expense both increase as the discount rate is reduced. lowering the discount rate by 50 basis points (from 4.2% to 3.7%) would increase the pension liability at december 31, 2018 by approximately $585 million and increase the estimated 2019 pension expense by approximately $69 million. future changes in plan asset returns, plan provisions, assumed discount rates, pension funding law and various other factors related to the participants in our pension plans will impact our future pension expense and liabilities. we cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future.
actuarial gains or losses are triggered by changes in assumptions or experience that differ from the original assumptions. under the applicable accounting standards for defined benefit pension plans, those gains and losses are not required to be recognized currently as pension benefit expense, but instead may be deferred as part of accumulated other comprehensive income and amortized into expense over the average remaining service life of the covered active employees. all gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income are amortized to expense over the remaining years of service of the covered active employees. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company had unrecognized actuarial losses for pension benefit plans of $1.4 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
other postretirement benefit plan accounting. united's postretirement plan provides certain health care benefits, primarily in the united states, to retirees and eligible dependents, as well as certain life insurance benefits to certain retirees reflected as "other benefits." united also has retiree medical programs that permit retirees who meet certain age and service requirements to continue medical coverage between retirement and medicare eligibility. eligible employees are required to pay a portion of the costs of their retiree medical benefits, which in some cases may be offset by accumulated unused sick time at the time of their retirement. plan benefits are subject to co-payments, deductibles and other limits as described in the plans.
the company accounts for other postretirement benefits by recognizing the difference between plan assets and obligations, or the plan's funded status, in its financial statements. other postretirement benefit expense is recognized on an accrual basis over employees' approximate service periods and is generally calculated independently of funding decisions or requirements. united has not been required to pre-fund its plan obligations, which has resulted in a significant net obligation, as discussed below. the company's benefit obligation was $1.4 billion and $1.7 billion for the other postretirement benefit plans at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
the calculation of other postretirement benefit expense and obligations requires the use of a number of assumptions, including the assumed discount rate for measuring future payment obligations and the health care cost trend rate. the company determines the appropriate discount rate for each of the plans based on current rates on high quality corporate bonds that would generate the cash flow necessary to pay plan benefits when due. the company's weighted average discount rate to determine its
37
benefit obligations as of december 31, 2018 was 4.30%, as compared to 3.63% for december 31, 2017. the health care cost trend rate assumed for 2018 was 6.25%, declining to 5.0% in 2023, as compared to assumed trend rate for 2019 of 6.0%, declining to 5.0% in 2023. a 1% increase in assumed health care trend rates would increase the company's total service and interest cost for the year ended december 31, 2018 by $9 million; whereas, a 1% decrease in assumed health care trend rates would decrease the company's total service and interest cost for the year ended december 31, 2018 by $7 million. a one percentage point decrease in the weighted average discount rate would increase the company's postretirement benefit liability by approximately $139 million and increase the estimated 2018 benefits expense by approximately $10 million.
actuarial gains or losses are triggered by changes in assumptions or experience that differ from the original assumptions and prior service credits result from a retroactive reduction in benefits due under the plans. under the applicable accounting standards for postretirement welfare benefit plans, actuarial gains and losses and prior service credits are not required to be recognized currently, but instead may be deferred as part of accumulated other comprehensive income and amortized into expense over the average remaining service life of the covered active employees or the average life expectancy of inactive participants. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the company had unrecognized actuarial gains for postretirement welfare benefit plans of $554 million and $301 million, respectively, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
forward-looking information certain statements throughout part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and elsewhere in this report are forward-looking and thus reflect the company's current expectations and beliefs with respect to certain current and future events and anticipated financial and operating performance. such forward-looking statements are and will be subject to many risks and uncertainties relating to the company's operations and business environment that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "will," "plans," "anticipates," "indicates," "believes," "estimates," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
additionally, forward-looking statements include statements that do not relate solely to historical facts, such as statements which identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of current known trends or uncertainties, or which indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. all forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: our ability to execute our strategic operating plan, including our growth, revenue-generating and cost-control initiatives; general economic conditions (including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, investment or credit market conditions, crude oil prices, costs of aircraft fuel and energy refining capacity in relevant markets); risks of doing business globally, including instability and political developments that may impact our operations in certain countries; demand for travel and the impact that global economic and political conditions have on customer travel patterns; our capacity decisions and the capacity decisions of our competitors; competitive pressures on pricing and on demand; changes in aircraft fuel prices; disruptions in our supply of aircraft fuel; our ability to cost-effectively hedge against increases in the price of aircraft fuel, if we decide to do so; the effects of any technology failures or cybersecurity breaches; disruptions to services provided by third-party service providers; potential reputational or other impact from adverse events involving our aircraft or operations, the aircraft or operations of our regional carriers or our code share partners or the aircraft or operations of another airline; our ability to attract and retain customers; the effects of any terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, or the fear of such events; disruptions to our regional network; the impact of regulatory, investigative and legal proceedings and legal compliance risks; the success of our investments in other airlines, including in other parts of the world; industry consolidation or changes in airline alliances; the ability of other air carriers with whom we have alliances or partnerships to provide the services contemplated by the respective arrangements with such carriers; costs associated with any modification or termination of our aircraft orders; disruptions in the availability of aircraft, parts or support from our suppliers; our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations and the results of any collective bargaining agreement process with our union groups; any disruptions to operations due to any potential actions by our labor groups; labor costs; an outbreak of a disease that affects travel demand or travel behavior; the impact of any management changes; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate; u.s. or foreign governmental legislation, regulation and other actions (including open skies agreements, environmental regulations and the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union); the seasonality of the airline industry; weather conditions; the costs and availability of aviation and other insurance; the costs and availability of financing; our ability to maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to comply with the terms of our various financing arrangements; our ability to realize the full value of our intangible assets and long-lived assets; and other risks and uncertainties set forth under part i, item 1a., risk factors, of this report, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
38
