item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control, that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this report and other documents filed by us with the sec from time to time, when making an investment decision.
risks related to legislation and regulation our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation and oversight.
we are subject to significant state, local, and federal governmental regulation, including regulation by the various utility commissions in the states where we serve customers. these regulations significantly influence our operating environment, may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers, and cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs. changes in regulations, interpretations of regulations, or the imposition of new regulations could also significantly impact us, including requiring us to change our business operations. many aspects of our operations are regulated and impacted by government regulation, including, but not limited to: the rates we charge our retail electric, natural gas, and steam customers; the authorized rates of return of our utilities; construction and operation of electric generating facilities and electric and natural gas distribution systems, including the ability to recover such costs; decommissioning generating facilities, the ability to recover the related costs, and continuing to recover the return on the carrying value of these facilities; wholesale power service practices; electric reliability requirements and accounting; participation in the interstate natural gas pipeline capacity market; standards of service; issuance of securities; short-term debt obligations; transactions with affiliates; and billing practices. failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations may lead to customer refunds, penalties, and other payments, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the rates, including adjustments determined under riders, we are allowed to charge our customers for retail and wholesale services have the most significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. rate regulation provides us an opportunity to recover prudently incurred costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. however, our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent upon regulatory action, and there is no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred. in addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide for a reasonable roe. we defer certain costs and revenues as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery from or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured and is subject to review and approval by our regulators. if recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized in current period expense and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
we believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses for our existing operations, have complied with all of their associated terms, and that our businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. these permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. in addition, discharge permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency. in addition, existing regulations may be revised or reinterpreted by federal, state, and local agencies, or these agencies may adopt new laws and regulations that apply to us. we cannot predict the impact on our business and operating results of any such actions by these agencies.
if we are unable to recover costs of complying with regulations or other associated costs in customer rates in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain, renew, or comply with these governmental permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, or licenses, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
we face significant costs to comply with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
our operations are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions (including, but not limited to: co2, methane, mercury, so2, and nox), water quality, wastewater discharges, and management of hazardous, toxic, and solid wastes and substances. we incur significant costs to comply with these environmental requirements, including costs associated with the installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at our facilities. in addition, if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines.
2018 form 10-k   24   wec energy group, inc.
the epa adopted and implemented (or is in the process of implementing) regulations governing the emission of nox, so2, fine particulate matter, mercury, and other air pollutants under the caa through the naaqs, the mercury and air toxics standards rule, the cpp, the cross-state air pollution rule, and other air quality regulations. in addition, the epa finalized regulations under the clean water act that govern cooling water intake structures at our power plants and revised the effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants. the epa and the united states army corps of engineers (army corps) have also adopted a final rule that would expand traditional federal jurisdiction over navigable waters and related wetlands for permitting and other regulatory matters. however, this rule has been stayed, and the epa and the army corps have proposed revisions to it. we continue to assess the potential cost of complying, and to explore different alternatives in order to comply, with these and other environmental regulations. in addition, as a result of the actions taken by the sitting president and federal executive branch since taking office in january 2017, as well as its announced future plans and other factors, there is uncertainty as to what capital expenditures or additional costs may ultimately be required to comply with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted at the federal or state level that could result in significant additional expenditures for our generation units or distribution systems, including, without limitation, costs to further limit ghg emissions from our operations; operating restrictions on our facilities; and increased compliance costs. in addition, the operation of emission control equipment and compliance with rules regulating our intake and discharge of water could increase our operating costs and reduce the generating capacity of our power plants. any such regulation may also create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances and could affect the availability and/or cost of fossil fuels.
as a result, certain of our coal-fired electric generating facilities have become uneconomical to maintain and operate, which has resulted in some of these units being retired or converted to an alternative type of fuel. for example, as part of our goal to retire approximately 1,800 mw of coal-fired generation by 2020, we retired the pleasant prairie power plant, pulliam power plant, and the jointly-owned edgewater unit 4 generating unit during 2018, representing approximately 1,500 mw, and are required to retire pipp by may 31, 2019. certain of our remaining coal-fired electric generating facilities may also be retired or converted in the future. if other generation facility owners in the midwest retire a significant number of older coal-fired generation facilities, a potential reduction in the region's capacity reserve margin below acceptable risk levels may result. this could impair the reliability of the grid in the midwest, particularly during peak demand periods. a reduction in available future capacity could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers' needs.
our electric and natural gas utilities are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental impacts at certain of our current and former facilities and at third-party owned sites. we accrue liabilities and defer costs (recorded as regulatory assets) incurred in connection with our former manufactured gas plant sites. these costs include all costs incurred to date that we expect to recover, management's best estimates of future costs for investigation and remediation, related legal expenses, and are net of amounts recovered by or that may be recovered from insurance or other third parties. due to the potential for the imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future, the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, a change in conditions or the discovery of additional contamination, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate or could vary from the amounts currently accrued.
in the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures and related costs from our customers in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. further, increased costs recovered through rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental laws and regulations, has increased generally throughout the united states. in particular, personal injury, property damage, and other claims for damages alleged to have been caused by environmental impacts and alleged exposure to hazardous materials have become more frequent. in addition to claims relating to our current facilities, we may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of facilities that we previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during, or after the time we owned or operated these facilities. if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil penalties and damages against us. the incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
2018 form 10-k   25   wec energy group, inc.
we may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions.
management believes it is reasonably likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the existence and extent of climate change, and the role of human activity in it, will continue, with the potential for further regulation that affects our operations. in 2015, the epa issued a final rule regulating ghg emissions from existing generating units, referred to as the cpp, and final performance standards for modified and reconstructed generating units and new fossil-fueled power plants. in february 2016, the supreme court stayed the effectiveness of the cpp until disposition of certain litigation in the d.c. circuit court of appeals challenging the rule and, to the extent that further appellate review is sought, at the supreme court.
in april 2017, pursuant to motions made by the epa, the d.c. circuit court of appeals ordered the challenges to the cpp, as well as related performance standards for new, reconstructed, and modified fossil-fueled power plants, be held in abeyance, which remains the case. in august 2018, the epa issued a proposed replacement rule for the cpp, the ace rule. the proposed ace rule would require the epa to develop emission guidelines for states to use to develop their individual state plans. the state plans would focus on reducing ghg emissions by improving the efficiency of fossil-fueled power plants. in december 2018, the epa proposed to revise the regulations related to new, modified, and reconstructed fossil-fueled power plants. we are continuing to analyze the ghg emission profile of our electric generation resources and to work with other stakeholders to determine the potential impacts to our operations of the cpp, the proposed ace rule, and federal ghg regulations in general.
there is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with these and other federal regulations or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. ghg regulations that may be adopted in the future, at either the federal or state level, may cause our environmental compliance spending to differ materially from the amounts currently estimated. in december 2016, michigan enacted act 342, which retains the 10% renewable energy portfolio requirement through 2018, increases the requirement to 12.5% for years 2019 through 2020, and increases the requirement to 15.0% for 2021. these regulations, as well as changes in the fuel markets and advances in technology, could make additional electric generating units uneconomic to maintain or operate, may impact how we operate our existing fossil-fueled power plants and biomass facility, and could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions in the future. these regulations could also adversely affect our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
in addition, our natural gas delivery systems and natural gas storage fields may generate fugitive gas as a result of normal operations and as a result of excavation, construction, and repair. fugitive gas typically vents to the atmosphere and consists primarily of methane. co2 is also a byproduct of natural gas consumption. as a result, future regulation of ghg emissions could increase the price of natural gas, restrict the use of natural gas, and adversely affect our ability to operate our natural gas facilities. a significant increase in the price of natural gas may increase rates for our natural gas customers, which could reduce natural gas demand.
we also continue to monitor efforts by investors and other stakeholders to increase pressure on us and others to take more aggressive action to reduce future ghg emissions in order to limit future global temperature increases to less than two degrees celsius. these efforts could impact how we operate our electric generating units and natural gas facilities and lead to increased competition and regulation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.
changes in federal income tax policy may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings.
we and our subsidiaries have invested or will be investing in renewable energy generating facilities, several of which generate production tax credits and investment tax credits that we use to reduce our federal tax obligations. the amount of tax credits we earn depends on the level of electricity generated, the applicable tax credit rate, and the amount of the investment in qualifying property. if our tax credits were disallowed in whole or in part as a results of an irs audit or changes in tax law, we could owe tax liabilities for previously recognized tax credits that could significantly impact our earnings and cash flows.
in addition, if corporate tax rate or policies are changed with future federal or state legislation, we may be required to take material charges against earnings. for example, the united states federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017 significantly changed the united states internal revenue code, including taxation of united states corporations, by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. parts of the tax legislation still remain unclear and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the treasury department and the irs, as well as state income tax authorities, and the tax legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the tax legislation. in addition, the regulatory treatment of the impacts of the tax legislation will be subject to the discretion of the ferc and state public utility commissions. state
2018 form 10-k   26   wec energy group, inc.
and local taxing authorities continue to evaluate the impact of federal income tax reform, and any changes on the state or local level could lessen or increase the impacts of the tax legislation.
there is still uncertainty as to when or how credit rating agencies, capital markets, the ferc, or state public utility commissions will treat any additional impacts of the tax legislation. these impacts could subject us or any of our subsidiaries to further credit rating downgrades. it is unclear whether additional opportunities may evolve for us to manage the adverse impacts of the tax legislation. in addition, certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted by future rulings related to the tax legislation.
in addition, the ferc and state public utility commissions continue to engage with our utility subsidiaries to determine how certain tax savings will be returned to ratepayers. in december 2017, our regulated utilities deferred the estimated tax benefits for return to ratepayers through bill credits or reductions in regulatory assets. we have received written orders from the mpsc, the mpuc, and the pscw addressing the refunding of certain of these tax benefits to ratepayers in michigan, minnesota, and wisconsin, respectively, and the icc has approved the vita in illinois. despite receiving these written orders, the amount of tax benefits we must return to ratepayers could change if state commissions take additional action. furthermore, if the amounts our regulators order our regulated utility subsidiaries to return to ratepayers exceeds the actual amount of tax savings realized, or our regulators require the tax savings to be applied in a manner other than we had expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.
while our analysis and interpretation of the tax legislation is ongoing, based on our current evaluation, we do not expect the limitations on interest deductions to materially adversely affect our earnings per share. any amendments to the tax legislation or interpretations or implementing regulations by the treasury department and/or the irs contrary to our interpretation of the tax legislation could limit our ability to deduct the interest on some of our outstanding debt.
there may be other material adverse effects resulting from the tax legislation that we have not yet identified. if we are unable to successfully take actions to manage any adverse impacts of the tax legislation, or if additional interpretations, regulations, amendments, or technical corrections exacerbate the adverse impacts of the tax legislation, the tax legislation could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and on the value of investments in our debt securities and common stock, and could result in credit rating agencies placing our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings on negative outlook or further downgrading our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings.
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act could have a material effect on our results of operations and stock price.
we are subject to reporting, disclosure control, and other obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act (sox). sox contains provisions requiring our management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and requires our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls. we have undertaken, or will undertake, a variety of initiatives to integrate, standardize, centralize, and streamline our operations with technology, including, but not limited to, an enterprise resource planning system and a customer information and billing system. there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective because of the discovery of material weaknesses, with either our current controls and processes or with the implementation of new controls and processes around these new technologies. any failure to maintain effective internal controls or a determination by our independent registered public accounting firm that we have a material weakness in our internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy or completeness of our financial reports, cause a decline in the market price of our common stock, restrict our access to the capital markets, or subject us to investigations by the sec or other regulatory authorities.
our electric utilities could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.
our electric utilities are subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc. the critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cyber security assets. compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject our electric utilities to higher operating costs. if our electric utilities were ever found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
2018 form 10-k   27   wec energy group, inc.
provisions of the wisconsin utility holding company act limit our ability to invest in non-utility businesses and could deter takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay a premium for our common stock.
under the wisconsin utility holding company act (holding company act), we remain subject to certain restrictions that have the potential of limiting our diversification into non-utility businesses. under the holding company act, the sum of certain assets of all non-utility affiliates in a holding company system generally may not exceed 25% of the assets of all public utility affiliates in the system, subject to certain exceptions.
in addition, the holding company act precludes the acquisition of 10% or more of the voting shares of a holding company of a wisconsin public utility unless the pscw has first determined that the acquisition is in the best interests of utility customers, investors, and the public. this provision and other requirements of the holding company act may delay or reduce the likelihood of a sale or change of control of wec energy group. as a result, shareholders may be deprived of opportunities to sell some or all of their shares of our common stock at prices that represent a premium over market prices.
risks related to the operation of our business our operations are subject to risks arising from the reliability of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas infrastructure facilities, and other facilities, as well as the reliability of third-party transmission providers.
our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generation and natural gas and electric distribution facilities. the operation of these facilities involves many risks, including operator error and the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes. potential breakdown or failure may occur due to severe weather; catastrophic events (i.e., fires, earthquakes, explosions, tornadoes, floods, droughts, pandemic health events, etc.); significant changes in water levels in waterways; fuel supply or transportation disruptions; accidents; employee labor disputes; construction delays or cost overruns; shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material, and/or labor; performance below expected levels; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; terrorist attacks; or cyber security intrusions. any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses.
because our electric generation facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission facilities, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by events impacting their systems. unplanned outages at our power plants may reduce our revenues, cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses.
insurance, warranties, performance guarantees, or recovery through the regulatory process may not cover any or all of these lost revenues or increased expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to various conditions that can result in fluctuations in energy sales to customers, including customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas, varying weather conditions, and energy conservation efforts.
our results of operations and cash flows are affected by the demand for electricity and natural gas, which can vary greatly based upon:
•   fluctuations in customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas. customer growth and energy use can be negatively impacted by population declines as well as economic factors in our service territories, including workforce reductions, stagnant wage growth, changing levels of support from state and local government for economic development, business closings, and reductions in the level of business investment. our electric and natural gas utilities are impacted by economic cycles and the competitiveness of the commercial and industrial customers we serve. any economic downturn, disruption of financial markets, or reduced incentives by state government for economic development could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products or services. these risks could directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas as well as the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. we could also be exposed to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs if customers are unable to pay their bills.
•   weather conditions. demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months when cooling and heating is necessary. in addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. as a result, our overall results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. in addition, milder temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season may result in lower revenues and net income.
•   our customers' continued focus on energy conservation and ability to meet their own energy needs. our customers' use of electricity and natural gas has decreased as a result of continued individual conservation efforts, including the use of more energy
2018 form 10-k   28   wec energy group, inc.
efficient technologies. customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income and increases in energy prices. conservation of energy can be influenced by certain federal and state programs that are intended to influence how consumers use energy. for example, several states, including wisconsin and michigan, have adopted energy efficiency targets to reduce energy consumption by certain dates.
as part of our planning process, we estimate the impacts of changes in customer growth and general economic conditions, weather, and customer energy conservation efforts, but risks still remain. any of these matters, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting rates as a result of reduced sales from effective conservation measures or the adoption of new technologies, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we are actively involved with several significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. we also expect to invest in renewable energy generating facilities as part of our generation reshaping plan and as part of our non-utility energy infrastructure segment. in addition, wbs continues to invest in technology and the development of software applications to support our utilities.
achieving the intended benefits of any large construction project is subject to many uncertainties, some of which we will have limited or no control over, that could adversely affect project costs and completion time. these risks include, but are not limited to, the ability to adhere to established budgets and time frames; the availability of labor or materials at estimated costs; the ability of contractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; potential legal challenges; changes in applicable laws or regulations; other governmental actions; continued public and policymaker support for such projects; and events in the global economy. in addition, certain of these projects require the approval of our regulators. if construction of commission-approved projects should materially and adversely deviate from the schedules, estimates, and projections on which the approval was based, our regulators may deem the additional capital costs as imprudent and disallow recovery of them through rates, and otherwise available production tax credits and investment tax credits for renewable energy projects could be lost.
to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, tax credits are lost, or we (or third parties with whom we invest and/or partner) otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our (or their) capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
advances in technology could make our electric generating facilities less competitive.
advances in new technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption are ongoing and include renewable energy technologies, customer-oriented generation, energy storage devices, and energy efficiency technologies. we generate power at central station power plants to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. there are distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar cells, which have become more cost competitive than they were in the past. it is possible that legislation or regulations could be adopted supporting the use of these technologies. there is also a risk that advances in technology will continue to reduce the costs of these alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of central station power production. if these technologies become cost competitive and achieve economies of scale, our market share could be eroded, and the value of our generating facilities could be reduced. advances in technology could also change the channels through which our electric customers purchase or use power, which could reduce our sales and revenues or increase our expenses.
our operations are subject to risks beyond our control, including but not limited to, cyber security intrusions, terrorist attacks, acts of war, or unauthorized access to personally identifiable information.
we have been subject to attempted cyber attacks from time to time, but these attacks have not had a material impact on our system or business operations. despite the implementation of security measures, all assets and systems are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to physical or cyber security intrusions caused by human error, vendor bugs, terrorist attacks, or other malicious acts. these threats against our generation facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, our information and technology systems, and network infrastructure, including that of third parties on which we rely, could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. if our assets or systems were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached, and were not recovered in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform critical business functions, and data, including sensitive information, could be compromised.
2018 form 10-k   29   wec energy group, inc.
we operate in an industry that requires the use of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which control an interconnected system of generation, distribution, and transmission systems shared with third parties. a successful physical or cyber security intrusion may occur despite our security measures or those that we require our vendors to take, which include compliance with reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection standards. successful cyber security intrusions, including those targeting the electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and electric and natural gas transmission, distribution, and storage systems, could disrupt our operations and result in loss of service to customers. these intrusions may cause unplanned outages at our power plants, which may reduce our revenues or cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses. the risk of such intrusions may also increase our capital and operating costs as a result of having to implement increased security measures for protection of our information technology and infrastructure.
our continued efforts to integrate, consolidate, and streamline our operations have also resulted in increased reliance on current and recently completed projects for technology systems, including an enterprise resource planning system, a customer information and billing system, automated meter reading systems, and other similar technological tools and initiatives. we implement procedures to protect our systems, but we cannot guarantee that the procedures we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data and systems are adequate to safeguard against all security breaches. the failure of any of these or other similarly important technologies, or our inability to support, update, expand, and/or integrate these technologies across our subsidiaries could materially and adversely impact our operations, diminish customer confidence and our reputation, materially increase the costs we incur to protect against these risks, and subject us to possible financial liability or increased regulation or litigation.
our business requires the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers, shareholders, and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. security breaches may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons, and/or could cause us to become subject to significant litigation, costs, liability, fines, or penalties, any of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations as well as our reputation with customers, shareholders, and regulators, among others. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs associated with governmental actions in response to such intrusions or to strengthen our information and electronic control systems. we may also need to obtain additional insurance coverage related to the threat of such intrusions.
any operational disruption or environmental repercussions caused by these on-going threats to our assets and technology systems could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. the costs of repairing damage to our facilities, operational disruptions, protecting personally identifiable information, and notifying impacted persons, as well as related legal claims, may also not be recoverable in rates, may exceed the insurance limits on our insurance policies, or, in some cases, may not be covered by insurance.
transporting, distributing, and storing natural gas involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
inherent in natural gas distribution activities are a variety of hazards and operational risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions, and mechanical problems, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. in addition, these risks could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, and substantial losses to us. the location of natural gas pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. these activities may subject us to litigation and/or administrative proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, or be resolved on unfavorable terms.
we are a holding company and rely on the earnings of our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations.
as a holding company with no operations of our own, our ability to meet our financial obligations including, but not limited to, debt service, taxes, and other expenses, as well as pay dividends on our common stock, is dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us, whether through dividends or other payments. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that are not required to pay any of our obligations or to make any funds available for that purpose or for the payment of dividends on our common stock. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us depends on their earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, and general financial condition, as well as regulatory limitations. prior to distributing cash to us, our subsidiaries have financial obligations
2018 form 10-k   30   wec energy group, inc.
that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay amounts to us depends on any statutory, regulatory, and/or contractual restrictions and limitations applicable to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain specified levels of debt or equity ratios, working capital, or other assets. our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are being met.
we may fail to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in addition, current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us. failure to hire and obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure of our counterparties to meet their obligations, including obligations under power purchase, natural gas supply, and transportation agreements, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
we are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, electricity, natural gas, or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be required to replace the underlying commitment at current market prices or we may be unable to meet all of our customers' electric and natural gas requirements unless or until alternative supply arrangements are put in place. in such event, we may incur losses, and our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely affected.
we have entered into several power purchase, natural gas supply, and transportation agreements with non-affiliated companies, and continue to look for additional opportunities to enter into these agreements. revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the counterparties of their obligations under the power purchase, natural gas supply, and transportation agreements. although we have a comprehensive credit evaluation process and contractual protections, it is possible that one or more counterparties could fail to perform their obligations under these agreements. if this were to occur, we generally would expect that any operating and other costs that were initially allocated to a defaulting customer's power purchase, natural gas supply, or transportation agreement would be reallocated among our retail customers. to the extent these costs are not allowed to be reallocated by our regulators or there is any regulatory delay in adjusting rates, a customer default under these agreements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we may not be able to fully use tax credits, net operating losses, and/or charitable contribution carryforwards.
we have significantly reduced our consolidated federal and state income tax liability in the past through tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions available under the applicable tax codes. we have not fully used the allowed tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions in our previous tax filings. we may not be able to fully use the tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions available as carryforwards if our future federal and state taxable income and related income tax liability is insufficient to permit their use. in addition, any future disallowance of some or all of those tax credits, net operating losses, or charitable contribution carryforwards as a result of legislation or an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and financial results.
we have recorded goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect financial results.
we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances occur that indicate a potential for impairment. if goodwill is deemed to be impaired, we may be required to incur non-cash charges that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. at december 31, 2018, our goodwill was $3,052.8 million.
2018 form 10-k   31   wec energy group, inc.
risks related to economic and market volatility our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets.
we rely on access to credit and capital markets to support our capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities. successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. in addition, we rely on committed bank credit agreements as back-up liquidity, which allows us to access the low cost commercial paper markets.
our or our subsidiaries' access to the credit and capital markets could be limited, or our or our subsidiaries' cost of capital significantly increased, due to any of the following risks and uncertainties:
•   a rating downgrade;
•   an economic downturn or uncertainty;
•   prevailing market conditions and rules;
•   concerns over foreign economic conditions;
•   changes in tax policy;
•   changes in investment criteria of institutional investors;
•   war or the threat of war; and
•   the overall health and view of the utility and financial institution industries.
if any of these risks or uncertainties limit our access to the credit and capital markets or significantly increase our cost of capital, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, and could limit our ability to sustain our current common stock dividend level.
a downgrade in our or any of our subsidiaries' credit ratings could negatively affect our or our subsidiaries' ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or require the posting of collateral.
there are a number of factors that impact our and our subsidiaries' credit ratings, including, but not limited to, capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other requirements for capital. we or any of our subsidiaries could experience a downgrade in ratings if the rating agencies determine that the level of business or financial risk of us, our utilities, or the utility industry has deteriorated. changes in rating methodologies by the rating agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings.
any downgrade by the rating agencies could:
•   increase borrowing costs under certain existing credit facilities;
•   require the payment of higher interest rates in future financings and possibly reduce the pool of creditors;
•   decrease funding sources by limiting our or our subsidiaries' access to the commercial paper market;
•   limit the availability of adequate credit support for our subsidiaries' operations; and
•   trigger collateral requirements in various contracts.
see the risk factor titled "changes in federal income tax policy may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings" above for information about how the tax legislation could impact our or our subsidiaries' credits ratings.
fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our electric and natural gas utility operations.
our operating and liquidity requirements are impacted by changes in the forward and current market prices of natural gas, coal, electricity, renewable energy credits, and ancillary services.
2018 form 10-k   32   wec energy group, inc.
our electric utilities burn natural gas in several of their electric generation plants and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. in many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. the cost of natural gas may increase because of disruptions in the supply of natural gas due to a curtailment in production or distribution, international market conditions, the demand for natural gas, and the availability of shale gas and potential regulations affecting its accessibility.
for wisconsin retail electric customers, our utilities bear the risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs within a symmetrical 2% fuel tolerance band compared to the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs established in their respective rate structures. prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs are recovered dollar-for-dollar from our michigan retail electric customers and our wholesale electric customers. our natural gas utilities receive dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred natural gas costs from their natural gas customers.
changes in commodity prices could result in:
•   higher working capital requirements, particularly related to natural gas inventory, accounts receivable, and cash collateral postings;
•   reduced profitability to the extent that lower revenues, increased bad debt, and interest expense are not recovered through rates;
•   higher rates charged to our customers, which could impact our competitive position;
•   reduced demand for energy, which could impact revenues and operating expenses; and
•   shutting down of generation facilities if the cost of generation exceeds the market price for electricity.
we may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities.
we own and operate several coal-fired electric generating units. although we generally carry sufficient coal inventory at our generating facilities to protect against an interruption or decline in supply, there can be no assurance that the inventory levels will be adequate. while we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, we cannot assure that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us or that we will be able to take delivery of all the coal volume contracted for. if we are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal-fired units, which could lead to increased fuel costs. the increase in fuel costs could result in either reduced margins on net sales into the miso energy markets, a reduction in the volume of net sales into the miso energy markets, and/or an increase in net power purchases in the miso energy markets. there is no guarantee that we would be able to fully recover any increased costs in rates or that recovery would not otherwise be delayed, either of which could adversely affect our cash flows.
the use of derivative contracts could result in financial losses.
we use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards to manage commodity price exposure. we could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, although the hedging programs of our utilities must be approved by the various state commissions, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.
restructuring in the regulated energy industry and competition in the retail and wholesale markets could have a negative impact on our business and revenues.
the regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant adverse financial impact on us.
certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including michigan and illinois, have adopted retail choice. under michigan law, our retail customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. the law limits customer choice to 10% of our michigan retail load. the iron ore mine located in the upper peninsula of michigan is excluded from this cap. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer. although illinois has adopted retail choice, there is currently little or no impact on the net income of our illinois utilities as they still
2018 form 10-k   33   wec energy group, inc.
earn a distribution charge for transporting the natural gas for these customers. it is uncertain whether retail choice might be implemented in wisconsin or minnesota.
the ferc continues to support the existing rtos that affect the structure of the wholesale market within these rtos. in connection with its status as a ferc approved rto, miso implemented bid-based energy markets that are part of the miso energy markets. all market participants, including us, must submit day-ahead and/or real-time bids and offers for energy at locations across the miso region. miso then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes an lmp that reflects the market price for energy. we are required to follow miso's instructions when dispatching generating units to support miso's responsibility for maintaining the stability of the transmission system. miso also implemented an ancillary services market for operating reserves that schedules energy and ancillary services at the same time as part of the energy market, allowing for more efficient use of generation assets in the miso energy markets. these market designs continue to have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the miso energy markets, and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements.
the ferc rules related to transmission are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale electricity markets among regulated utilities, non-utility generators, wholesale power marketers, and brokers by providing greater flexibility and more choices to wholesale customers, including initiatives designed to encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. in addition, along with transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations impact hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges, as well as over-the-counter. technology changes in the power and fuel industries also have significant impacts on wholesale transactions and related costs. we currently cannot predict the impact of these and other developments or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are driven by factors beyond our control.
we may experience poor investment performance of benefit plan holdings due to changes in assumptions and market conditions.
we have significant obligations related to pension and opeb plans. if we are unable to successfully manage our benefit plan assets and medical costs, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted. our cost of providing these plans is dependent upon a number of factors, including actual plan experience, changes made to the plans, and assumptions concerning the future. types of assumptions include earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, estimated withdrawals by retirees, and our required or voluntary contributions to the plans. plan assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield returns that fall below projected return rates. in addition, medical costs for both active and retired employees may increase at a rate that is significantly higher than we currently anticipate. our funding requirements could be impacted by a decline in the market value of plan assets, changes in interest rates, changes in demographics (including the number of retirements), or changes in life expectancy assumptions.
in addition, we maintain rabbi trusts to fund our deferred compensation plans, which from time to time, hold equity and debt investments that are subject to market fluctuations. decreases in investment performance of these assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
we may be unable to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or at all, and the insurance coverage we do obtain may not provide protection against all significant losses.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, could be affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition of insurers and our contractors that are required to acquire and maintain insurance for our benefit. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. in addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate developments introduction we are a diversified holding company with natural gas and electric utility operations (serving customers in wisconsin, illinois, michigan, and minnesota), an approximately 60% equity ownership interest in american transmission company llc (atc) (a for-profit electric transmission company regulated by the ferc and certain state regulatory commissions), and non-utility energy infrastructure operations through we power (which owns generation assets in wisconsin), bluewater (which owns underground natural gas storage facilities in michigan), and a 90% ownership interest in bishop hill iii (a wind generating facility in illinois).
in december 2018, wec energy group acquired an 80% ownership interest in coyote ridge, a 97.5 mw wind farm under construction in brookings county, south dakota. this wind farm is expected to be in service by the end of 2019, and is included in the non-utility energy infrastructure segment. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
corporate strategy our goal is to continue to build and sustain long-term value for our shareholders and customers by focusing on the fundamentals of our business: reliability; operating efficiency; financial discipline; customer care; and safety.
reshaping our generation fleet the planned reshaping of our generation fleet will balance reliability and customer cost with environmental stewardship. taken as a whole, this plan should reduce costs to customers, preserve fuel diversity, and lower carbon emissions. generation reshaping includes retiring older fossil fuel generation units, building state-of-the-art natural gas generation, and investing in cost-effective zero-carbon generation with a goal of reducing co2 emissions by approximately 40% below 2005 levels by 2030. in addition, we set a new long-term goal of reducing co2 emissions by approximately 80% below 2005 levels by 2050. we expect to retire a total of approximately 1,800 mw of coal-fired generation by 2020, and add additional natural gas-fired generating units and renewable generation, including utility-scale solar projects. our 1,190 mw pleasant prairie power plant was retired in april 2018. the physical dismantlement of the pleasant prairie power plant will not occur immediately. it may take several years to finalize long-term plans for the site. the jointly owned edgewater 4 generating unit was retired in september 2018 (our share of the capacity from this plant was 100 mw), and our 200 mw pulliam power plant was retired in october 2018. see note 6, property, plant, and equipment, for more information related to these power plant retirements and the planned retirement of the presque isle power plant (pipp).
as part of our commitment to invest in zero-carbon generation, we plan to invest in utility scale solar of up to 350 mw within our wisconsin segment. wisconsin public service corporation (wps) has partnered with an unaffiliated utility to acquire ownership interests in two proposed solar projects in wisconsin. badger hollow solar farm will be located in iowa county, wisconsin, and two creeks solar project will be located in manitowoc county, wisconsin. subject to public service commission of wisconsin (pscw) approval, wps will own 100 mw of the output of each project for a total of 200 mw. commercial operation for both projects is targeted for the end of 2020.
in december 2018, wisconsin electric power company (we) received approval from the pscw for two renewable energy pilot programs. the solar now pilot is expected to add 35 mw of solar to we's portfolio, allowing commercial and industrial customers to site solar arrays on their property. the second program, the dedicated renewable energy resource pilot, would allow large commercial and industrial customers to access renewable resources that we would operate, adding up to 150 mw of renewables to we's portfolio, and allowing these larger customers to meet their sustainability and renewable energy goals.
as the cost of renewable energy generation installations continues to decline, both the wps solar projects and the we pilots have become cost effective opportunities for wec energy group and our customers to participate in renewable energy.
reliability we have made significant reliability-related investments in recent years, and plan to continue strengthening and modernizing our generation fleet and distribution networks to further improve reliability. our investments, coupled with our commitment to
2018 form 10-k   42   wec energy group, inc.
operating efficiency and customer care, resulted in we energies being recognized by pa consulting group, an independent consulting firm, as the most reliable utility in the midwest for the eighth year in a row.
below are a few examples of reliability projects that are currently underway.
•   upper michigan energy resources corporation (umerc), our michigan electric and natural gas utility, is moving forward with its long-term generation solution for electric reliability in the upper peninsula of michigan. the plan calls for umerc to construct and operate approximately 180 mw of natural gas-fueled generation located in the upper peninsula. the new generation is expected to achieve commercial operation during the second quarter of 2019 and provide the region with affordable, reliable electricity that generates less emissions than the pipp. pursuant to a written approval letter received from the midcontinent independent system operator, we must retire pipp by may 31, 2019.
•   the peoples gas light and coke company continues to work on its natural gas system modernization program, which primarily involves replacing old cast and ductile iron pipes and facilities in chicago's natural gas delivery system with modern polyethylene pipes to reinforce the long-term safety and reliability of the system.
•   wps continues work on its system modernization and reliability project, which involves modernizing parts of its electric distribution system, including burying or upgrading lines. the project focuses on constructing facilities to improve the reliability of electric service wps provides to its customers. wps, we, and wisconsin gas llc also continue to upgrade their electric and natural gas distribution systems to enhance reliability.
operating efficiency we continually look for ways to optimize the operating efficiency of our company. for example, we are making progress on our advanced metering infrastructure program, replacing aging meter-reading equipment on both our network and customer property. an integrated system of smart meters, communication networks, and data management programs enables two-way communication between our utilities and our customers. this program reduces the manual effort for disconnects and reconnects and enhances outage management capabilities.
we continue to focus on integrating and improving business processes and consolidating our it infrastructure across all of our companies. we expect these efforts to continue to drive operational efficiency and to put us in position to effectively support plans for future growth.
financial discipline a strong adherence to financial discipline is essential to meeting our earnings projections and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, a growing dividend, and quality credit ratings.
we follow an asset management strategy that focuses on investing in and acquiring assets consistent with our strategic plans, as well as disposing of assets, including property, plants, equipment, and entire business units, that are no longer strategic to operations, are not performing as intended, or have an unacceptable risk profile.
•   see note 2, acquisitions, for information about our acquisitions of natural gas storage facilities in michigan and portions of wind energy generation facilities in wisconsin, illinois, nebraska, and south dakota.
•   see note 3, dispositions, for information on recent dispositions. in the first quarter of 2017, we sold substantially all of the remaining assets of bostco llc, and, in october 2018, bostco was dissolved. in the second quarter of 2016, we sold certain assets of wisvest llc. the sale of integrys transportation fuels, llc was completed in the first quarter of 2016.
our investment focus remains in our regulated utility and non-utility energy infrastructure businesses, as well as our investment in atc. we expect total capital expenditures for our regulated utility and non-utility energy infrastructure businesses to be almost $12.7 billion from 2019 to 2023. specific projects are discussed in more detail below under liquidity and capital resources.
from 2019 to 2023, we expect capital contributions to atc and atc holdco, llc to be approximately $250 million. atc holdco is a separate entity formed in december 2016 to invest in transmission-related projects outside of atc's traditional footprint. capital investments at atc and atc holdco will be funded utilizing these capital contributions, in addition to cash generated from operations
2018 form 10-k   43   wec energy group, inc.
and debt. we currently forecast that our share of atc's and atc holdco's projected capital expenditures over the next five years will be $1.2 billion inside the traditional atc footprint and $250 million outside of the traditional atc footprint.
exceptional customer care our approach is driven by an intense focus on delivering exceptional customer care every day. we strive to provide the best value for our customers by embracing constructive change, demonstrating personal responsibility for results, leveraging our capabilities and expertise, and using creative solutions to meet or exceed our customers' expectations.
one example of how we obtain feedback from our customers is through our "we care" calls, through which employees of our utility subsidiaries contact customers after a completed service call. customer satisfaction is a priority, and making "we care" calls is one of the main methods we use to gauge our performance to improve customer satisfaction.
safety we have a long-standing commitment to both workplace and public safety, and under our "target zero" mission, we have an ultimate goal of zero incidents, accidents, and injuries. we also set goals around injury-prevention activities that raise awareness and facilitate conversations about employee safety. our corporate safety program provides a forum for addressing employee concerns, training employees and contractors on current safety standards, and recognizing those who demonstrate a safety focus.
results of operations consolidated earnings the following table compares our consolidated results:
year ended december 31
(in millions, except per share data)                            2018                    2017                    2016
wisconsin                                                $800.2                $1,055.2                $1,017.8
illinois                                                  255.8                   279.9                   261.1
other states                                               68.8                    54.4                    51.2
non-utility energy infrastructure                         365.8                   400.5                   375.6
corporate and other                                       (22.2    )              (13.9    )               (9.4    )
total operating income                                  1,468.4                 1,776.1                 1,696.3
equity in earnings of transmission affiliates             136.7                   154.3                   146.5
other income, net                                          70.3                    73.7                    66.6
interest expense                                          445.1                   415.7                   402.7
income before income taxes                              1,230.3                 1,588.4                 1,506.7
income tax expense                                        169.8                   383.5                   566.5
preferred stock dividends of subsidiary                     1.2                     1.2                     1.2
net income attributed to common shareholders           $1,059.3                $1,203.7                  $939.0
diluted earnings per share                                $3.34                   $3.79                   $2.96
2018 form 10-k   44   wec energy group, inc.
2018 compared with 2017
earnings decreased $144.4 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the table below shows the year-over-year income statement impacts associated with the flow through of tax repairs beginning january 1, 2018 and the tax legislation signed into law in december 2017. as shown in the table below, the changes related to these items resulted in a decrease in net income attributed to common shareholders of $223.2 million during 2018, compared with 2017. this decrease was driven by the $206.7 million one-time net reduction in income tax expense recorded in 2017 related to the revaluation of our deferred taxes, primarily on our non-utility energy infrastructure and corporate and other segments, as a result of the enactment of the tax legislation. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
(in millions)                                           2018 compared with 2017 b (w)       change related to flow through of tax repairs             change related to tax legislation                  remaining change b (w)
wisconsin                                                         $(255.0           )       $(165.9                             )                     $(142.2                     )                         $53.1
illinois                                                            (24.1           )       -                                                         (29.5                       )                           5.4
other states                                                         14.4                   -                                                         (8.0                        )                          22.4
non-utility energy infrastructure                                   (34.7           )       -                                                         (50.4                       )                          15.7
corporate and other                                                  (8.3           )       -                                                         -                                                      (8.3       )
total operating income                                             (307.7           )       (165.9                              )                     (230.1                      )                          88.3
equity in earnings of transmission affiliates                       (17.6           )       -                                                         (34.3                       )                          16.7
other income, net                                                    (3.4           )       -                                                         -                                                      (3.4       )
interest expense                                                    (29.4           )       -                                                         -                                                     (29.4       )
income before income taxes                                         (358.1           )       (165.9                              )                     (264.4                      )                          72.2
income tax expense                                                  213.7               165.9                                                     41.2                                                        6.6
preferred stock dividends of subsidiary                                 -                   -                                                         -                                                         -
net income attributed to common shareholders                      $(144.4           )       $-                                                        $(223.2                     )                         $78.8
absent the effect of the tax legislation, earnings increased by $78.8 million. the significant factors impacting this $78.8 million increase in earnings were:
•   a $53.1 million remaining increase in operating income at the wisconsin segment, driven by an increase in electric and natural gas margins related to higher retail sales volumes as a result of favorable weather and higher weather-normalized use per customer. this increase in margins was partially offset by higher operating expenses during 2018, which were driven by the earnings sharing mechanisms in place at our wisconsin utilities. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information on our earnings sharing mechanisms.
•   a $22.4 million remaining increase in operating income at the other states segment. the increase was driven by higher natural gas margins, which were primarily a result of the colder winter weather in 2018 as well as customer growth and an interim rate increase at merc. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information on the interim rate increase.
•   a $16.7 million remaining increase in earnings from our ownership interests in transmission affiliates. the increase was driven by expenses recorded in 2017 by atc related to the refund atc was required to provide customers as a result of its ferc financial audit. continued capital investment by our transmission affiliates also contributed to the increase.
•   a $15.7 million remaining increase in operating income at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment, primarily driven by the inclusion of a full year of operations of bluewater following its acquisition on june 30, 2017.
these increases in earnings were partially offset by a $29.4 million increase in interest expense, driven by higher debt balances, primarily used to fund capital investments, and higher interest rates on both short-term and long-term debt.
2018 form 10-k   45   wec energy group, inc.
2017 compared with 2016
earnings increased $264.7 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the significant factors impacting the increase in earnings were:
•   a $206.7 million one-time net reduction in income tax expense related to the revaluation of our deferred taxes primarily on our non-utility energy infrastructure and corporate and other segments at december 31, 2017, as a result of the enactment of the tax legislation.
•   a $37.4 million pre-tax increase in operating income at the wisconsin segment, driven by lower operating expenses. a decrease in electric margins, driven by lower sales volumes, partially offset the decrease in operating expenses.
•   a $24.9 million pre-tax increase in operating income at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment. the increase was driven by higher revenues in connection with capital additions to the plants we power owns and leases to we and the inclusion of the operations of bluewater following its acquisition on june 30, 2017.
•   an $18.8 million pre-tax increase in operating income at the illinois segment. the increase was driven by higher natural gas margins at pgl due to continued capital investment in the smp project under its qip rider and lower operating expenses.
non-gaap financial measures the discussions below address the operating income contribution of each of our segments and include financial information prepared in accordance with gaap, as well as electric margins and natural gas margins, which are not measures of financial performance under gaap. electric margin (electric revenues less fuel and purchased power costs) and natural gas margin (natural gas revenues less cost of natural gas sold) are non-gaap financial measures because they exclude other operation and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes.
we believe that electric and natural gas margins provide a useful basis for evaluating utility operations since the majority of prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs, as well as prudently incurred natural gas costs, are passed through to customers in current rates. as a result, management uses electric and natural gas margins internally when assessing the operating performance of our segments as these measures exclude the majority of revenue fluctuations caused by changes in these expenses. similarly, the presentation of electric and natural gas margins herein is intended to provide supplemental information for investors regarding our operating performance.
our electric margins and natural gas margins may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.  furthermore, these measures are not intended to replace operating income as determined in accordance with gaap as an indicator of our segment operating performance. operating income for each of the last three fiscal years for each of our segments is presented in the "consolidated earnings" table above.
each applicable segment operating income discussion below includes a table that provides the calculation of electric margins and natural gas margins, as applicable, along with a reconciliation to segment operating income.
2018 form 10-k   46   wec energy group, inc.
wisconsin segment contribution to operating income for the periods presented in this annual report on form 10-k, our wisconsin operations included operations of we, wg, and wps for all periods, and operations for umerc beginning january 1, 2017, due to the transfer of customers and assets in the upper peninsula of michigan from we and wps.
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                            2018                    2017                    2016
electric revenues                               $4,438.9                $4,559.0                $4,628.1
fuel and purchased power                         1,418.1                 1,467.0                 1,473.1
total electric margins                           3,020.8                 3,092.0                 3,155.0
natural gas revenues                             1,355.8                 1,270.2                 1,177.6
cost of natural gas sold                           792.1                   701.8                   621.2
total natural gas margins                          563.7                   568.4                   556.4
total electric and natural gas margins           3,584.5                 3,660.4                 3,711.4
other operation and maintenance                  2,076.1                 1,923.2                 2,034.6
depreciation and amortization                      546.6                   523.9                   496.6
property and revenue taxes                         161.6                   158.1                   162.4
operating income                                  $800.2                $1,055.2                $1,017.8
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                                                         2018                    2017                    2016
operation and maintenance not included in line items below                     $769.5                  $833.3                  $891.1
we power (1)                                                                    506.9                   513.0                   513.2
transmission (2)                                                                420.7                   407.4                   423.2
transmission expense related to the flow through of tax repairs (3)              77.8                       -                       -
transmission expense related to tax legislation (4)                              67.7                       -                       -
regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses (5)                    159.1                   158.1                   157.4
earnings sharing mechanisms (6)                                                  67.5                     2.9                    24.4
other                                                                             6.9                     8.5                    25.3
total other operation and maintenance                                        $2,076.1                $1,923.2                $2,034.6
(1)   represents costs associated with the we power generation units, including operating and maintenance costs incurred by we, as well as the lease payments that are billed from we power to we and then recovered in we's rates. during 2018, 2017, and 2016, $485.3 million, $535.1 million, and $528.4 million, respectively, of both lease and operating and maintenance costs were billed to or incurred by we, with the difference in costs billed or incurred and expenses recognized, either deferred or deducted from the regulatory asset.
(2)   the pscw has approved escrow accounting for atc and miso network transmission expenses for our wisconsin electric utilities. as a result, we and wps defer as a regulatory asset or liability the differences between actual transmission costs and those included in rates until recovery or refund is authorized in a future rate proceeding. during 2018, 2017, and 2016, $438.2 million, $451.4 million, and $486.0 million, respectively, of costs were billed to our electric utilities by transmission providers.
(3)   represents additional transmission expense associated with we's flow through of tax benefits of its repair-related deferred tax liabilities starting in 2018, in accordance with a settlement agreement with the pscw, to maintain certain regulatory asset balances at their december 31, 2017 levels. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
(4)   represents additional transmission expense associated with the may 2018 pscw order requiring we to use 80% of its current 2018 tax benefit, including the amortization associated with the revaluation of deferred taxes, to reduce its transmission regulatory asset balance. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
(5)   regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on operating income.
(6)   see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information about our earnings sharing mechanisms.
2018 form 10-k   47   wec energy group, inc.
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
year ended december 31
mwh (in thousands)
electric sales volumes                            2018   2017                 2016
customer class residential                              11,195.0             10,636.3             10,998.9
small commercial and industrial *        13,186.7             12,932.1             13,113.1
large commercial and industrial *        12,946.5             12,822.0             13,418.6
other                                       169.0        175.6                172.2
total retail *                           37,497.2             36,566.0             37,702.8
wholesale                                 3,612.7              3,768.0              3,704.6
resale                                    6,019.3              9,000.3              8,761.6
total sales in mwh *                     47,129.2             49,334.3             50,169.0
*   includes distribution sales for customers who have purchased power from an alternative electric supplier in michigan.
year ended december 31
therms (in millions)
natural gas sales volumes                2018   2017                2016
customer class residential                      1,131.1             1,028.3             1,004.0
commercial and industrial          733.1        654.7               621.4
total retail                     1,864.2             1,683.0             1,625.4
transport                        1,411.5             1,316.4             1,270.6
total sales in therms            3,275.7             2,999.4             2,896.0
year ended december 31
degree days weather                            2018              2017              2016
we and wg (1)
heating (6,515 normal)       6,685             5,908             6,068
cooling (731 normal)           929               772               991
wps (2)
heating (7,324 normal)       7,554             6,942             6,715
cooling (507 normal)           678               450               572
umerc (3)
heating (8,326 normal)       8,611             8,145               n/a cooling (325 normal)           478               235               n/a
(1)   normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from mitchell international airport in milwaukee, wisconsin.
(2)   normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from the green bay, wisconsin weather station.
(3)   normal degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from the iron mountain, michigan weather station.
2018 form 10-k   48   wec energy group, inc.
2018 compared with 2017
electric utility margins electric utility margins at the wisconsin segment decreased $71.2 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the significant factors impacting the lower electric utility margins were:
•   an $88.1 million decrease in margins associated with we's flow through of tax benefits of its repair-related deferred tax liabilities starting in 2018, in accordance with a settlement agreement with the pscw to maintain certain regulatory assets at their december 31, 2017 levels. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $30.0 million decrease in margins related to savings from the tax legislation that we are required to return to customers through bill credits or reductions in other regulatory assets. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $29.7 million decrease in wholesale margins driven both by lower sales volumes and reduced capacity rates due in part to the tax legislation.
•   a $9.1 million year-over-year negative impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs compared with costs approved in rates. under the wisconsin fuel rules, the margins of our electric utilities are impacted by under- or over-collections of certain fuel and purchased power costs that are less than a 2% price variance from the costs included in rates, and the remaining variance that exceeds the 2% variance is deferred.
these decreases in electric utility margins were partially offset by:
•   a $67.5 million increase related to higher retail sales volumes during 2018, primarily driven by favorable weather and higher overall use per retail customer due in part to a stronger economy. colder winter weather and a warmer summer in 2018 contributed to the increase. as measured by heating degree days, 2018 was 13.2% and 8.8% colder than 2017 in the milwaukee and green bay areas, respectively. as measured by cooling degree days, 2018 was 20.3% and 50.7% warmer than 2017 in the milwaukee area and green bay area, respectively.
•   a $25.9 million increase related to ssr payments we refunded to miso in 2017 as directed by a ferc order received in october 2017. the ferc order reduced the costs eligible for reimbursement to we for the operation and maintenance of its pipp units under an ssr agreement between miso and we. a portion of these payments was returned to we through the miso allocation process and reduced transmission expense in 2017 as discussed below.
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the wisconsin segment decreased $4.7 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the most significant factor impacting the lower natural gas utility margins was $39.0 million of savings from the tax legislation that we are required to return to customers through bill credits. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information. this decrease in natural gas utility margins was partially offset by a $34.5 million increase related to higher sales volumes, primarily driven by colder winter weather, customer growth, and higher use per retail customer due in part to a stronger economy.
operating income operating income at the wisconsin segment decreased $255.0 million during 2018, compared with 2017. this decrease was driven by $179.1 million of higher operating expenses (which include other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes), and the $75.9 million decrease in margins discussed above.
the significant factors impacting the increase in operating expenses during 2018, compared with 2017, were:
•   a $77.8 million increase in transmission expense related to the flow through of tax repairs, as discussed in the other operation and maintenance table above.
•   a $67.7 million increase in transmission expense associated with the may 2018 order from the pscw related to our required treatment of the benefits associated with the tax legislation, as discussed in the other operation and maintenance table above.
2018 form 10-k   49   wec energy group, inc.
•   a $64.6 million increase in expense related to the earnings sharing mechanisms in place at our wisconsin utilities. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $22.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization, driven by an increase in capital expenditures as we continue to execute on our capital plan. this increase in depreciation and amortization was partially offset by a decrease related to the reduction of certain wps regulatory deferrals as a result of the pscw's may 2018 order addressing the tax legislation.
•   a $13.3 million increase in transmission expense in 2018, driven by lower expense in 2017 related to a ferc order received in october 2017 to reduce ssr costs related to pipp. a portion of the payments we initially refunded to miso were returned to us, as discussed under electric utility margins.
these increases in operating expenses were partially offset by a $69.9 million decrease in expenses across all of our plants, in part due to the retirements of the pleasant prairie power plant in april 2018, edgewater unit 4 in september 2018, and pulliam units 7 and 8 in october 2018. this resulted in lower maintenance and labor costs during 2018. see note 6, property, plant, and equipment, for more information on the plant retirements.
2017 compared with 2016
electric utility margins electric utility margins at the wisconsin segment decreased $63.0 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the significant factors impacting the lower electric utility margins were:
•   a $72.6 million decrease related to lower sales volumes during 2017, primarily driven by unfavorable weather as well as lower overall retail use per customer. cooler summer and warmer winter weather in 2017, and an additional day of sales during 2016 due to leap year, contributed to the decrease. as measured by cooling degree days, 2017 was 22.1% and 21.3% cooler than 2016 in the milwaukee and green bay areas, respectively. as measured by heating degree days, 2017 was 2.6% warmer than 2016 in the milwaukee area.
•   a $25.9 million decrease related to ssr payments we refunded to miso as directed by a ferc order received in october 2017. the ferc order reduced the costs eligible for reimbursement to we for the operation and maintenance of its pipp units under an ssr agreement between miso and we. a portion of these payments was returned to we through the miso allocation process and reduced transmission expense as discussed below. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $3.5 million decrease in steam margins driven by the sale of the mcpp in april 2016. see note 3, dispositions, for more information.
•   a $3.3 million period-over-period negative impact from collections of fuel and purchased power costs compared with costs approved in rates. under the wisconsin fuel rules, the margins of our electric utilities are impacted by under- or over-collections of certain fuel and purchased power costs that are less than a 2% price variance from the costs included in rates, and the remaining variance that exceeds the 2% variance is deferred.
these decreases in electric utility margins were partially offset by $36.5 million of lower capacity payments to a counterparty during 2017, related to improved contract terms.
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the wisconsin segment increased $12.0 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the most significant factor impacting the higher natural gas utility margins was higher retail sales volumes, primarily driven by higher overall retail use per customer and customer growth. the higher retail sales volumes in 2017 were partially offset by an additional day of sales during 2016 due to leap year.
2018 form 10-k   50   wec energy group, inc.
operating income operating income at the wisconsin segment increased $37.4 million during 2017, compared with 2016. this increase was driven by $88.4 million of lower operating expenses (which include other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes), partially offset by the $51.0 million net decrease in margins discussed above.
the wisconsin segment experienced lower overall operating expenses related to synergy savings resulting from the integrys acquisition. the significant factors impacting the decrease in operating expenses during 2017, compared with 2016, which were due in part to synergy savings, were:
•   a $29.1 million decrease in electric and natural gas distribution expenses, primarily related to lower metering costs and other cost savings.
•   a $21.5 million decrease in expenses related to the earnings sharing mechanisms in place at we and wg. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $16.8 million decrease in expenses related to charitable projects supporting our customers and the communities within our service territories.
•   a $15.8 million decrease in transmission expenses, driven by a ferc order received in october 2017 to reduce ssr costs related to pipp. a portion of the payments we initially refunded to miso were returned to us, as discussed under electric utility margins.
•   an $11.5 million decrease in expenses related to an information technology project completed in 2016 to improve the billing, call center, and credit collection functions of certain wec energy group subsidiaries. lower expenses were due in part to a decrease in asset usage charges from wbs, driven by the transfer of this project from wbs to certain wec energy group subsidiaries, including wps, during 2017. the portion of these lower expenses related to the transfer was offset through higher depreciation and amortization, discussed below.
•   a $10.5 million decrease in operation and maintenance expenses at our plants, primarily related to the seasonal operation of the pleasant prairie power plant during 2017, lower operating costs at the plants, the timing of planned outages and maintenance, and the sale of the mcpp in april 2016. see note 3, dispositions, for more information on the sale of the mcpp. these decreases were partially offset by severance costs related to planned plant retirements. see note 6, property, plant, and equipment, for more information.
•   a $5.7 million decrease in customer service expenses, partially related to lower contracted meter reading rates and cost savings.
these decreases in operating expenses were partially offset by:
•   a $27.3 million increase in depreciation and amortization, driven by an overall increase in utility plant in service, the completion of the reacttm multi-pollutant control system at weston unit 3 during the fourth quarter of 2016, and wbs's transfer of the information technology project to wps during 2017.
•   a $10.9 million gain recorded in april 2016 related to the sale of the mcpp.
2018 form 10-k   51   wec energy group, inc.
illinois segment contribution to operating income since the majority of pgl and nsg customers use natural gas for heating, operating income is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                     2018                    2017                    2016
natural gas revenues                     $1,400.0                $1,355.5                $1,242.2
cost of natural gas sold                    480.5                   438.9                   365.2
total natural gas margins                   919.5                   916.6                   877.0
other operation and maintenance             472.3                   464.2                   463.6
depreciation and amortization               170.3                   152.6                   134.0
property and revenue taxes                   21.1                    19.9                    18.3
operating income                           $255.8                  $279.9                  $261.1
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                                                  2018                  2017                  2016
operation and maintenance not included in the line items below          $372.9                $361.5                $363.8
riders *                                                                  95.3                  98.1                  82.3
regulatory amortizations *                                                (1.4    )              1.0                   2.7
other                                                                      5.5                   3.6                  14.8
total other operation and maintenance                                   $472.3                $464.2                $463.6
*   these riders and regulatory amortizations are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on operating income.
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
therms (in millions)
natural gas sales volumes                2018                2017                2016
customer class residential                        896.2               759.6               771.8
commercial and industrial          358.3               313.9               321.4
total retail                     1,254.5             1,073.5             1,093.2
transport                          905.1               853.4               855.3
total sales in therms            2,159.6             1,926.9             1,948.5
degree days weather *                2018            2017            2016
heating (6,059 normal)       6,327           5,470           5,713
*   normal heating degree days are based on a 12-year moving average of monthly temperatures from chicago's o'hare airport.
2018 compared with 2017
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the illinois segment, net of the $2.8 million impact of the riders referenced in the table above, increased $5.7 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenue at pgl due to continued capital investment in the smp project under its qip rider. pgl currently recovers the costs related to the smp through a surcharge on customer bills pursuant to an icc approved qip rider, which is in effect through 2023. this increase was substantially offset by a decrease in margins related to savings from the tax legislation that we are required to return to customers through the vita. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
2018 form 10-k   52   wec energy group, inc.
operating income operating income at the illinois segment decreased $24.1 million during 2018, compared with 2017. this decrease was driven by $29.8 million of higher operating expenses (which include other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenues taxes), net of the impact of the riders referenced in the table above, partially offset by the $5.7 million increase in margins discussed above.
the significant factors impacting the increase in operating expenses during 2018, compared with 2017, were:
•   a $17.7 million increase in depreciation expense primarily driven by pgl's continued capital investment in the smp project.
•   an $11.4 million increase in natural gas maintenance costs related to our illinois utilities' distribution systems.
2017 compared with 2016
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins at the illinois segment, net of the $15.8 million impact of the riders referenced in the table above, increased $23.8 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenue at pgl due to continued capital investment in the smp project under its qip rider.
operating income operating income at the illinois segment increased $18.8 million during 2017, compared with 2016. this increase was due to the $23.8 million increase in margins discussed above, partially offset by $5.0 million of higher operating expenses (which include other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenues taxes), net of the impact of the riders referenced in the table above.
the significant factors impacting the increase in operating expenses during 2017, compared with 2016, were:
•   an $18.6 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, driven by continued capital investment at pgl in the smp project and the transfer of an information technology project to pgl and nsg in 2017. this information technology project was created to improve the billing, call center, and credit collection facilities of certain wec subsidiaries.
•   an increase in natural gas distribution expenses, driven by increased repair activity in 2017.
these increases were partially offset by:
•   a $9.8 million decrease in expenses related to charitable projects supporting our customers and the communities within our service territories.
•   a $6.5 million decrease in benefit related expenses driven by lower pension costs.
•   a $6.0 million decrease in expenses related to the information technology project completed in 2016 to improve certain functions of some wec energy group subsidiaries. lower expenses were due in part to a decrease in asset usage charges from wbs, driven by the transfer of this project from wbs to certain wec energy group subsidiaries, including pgl and nsg, during 2017. the portion of these lower expenses related to the transfer are offset through higher depreciation and amortization, discussed above.
2018 form 10-k   53   wec energy group, inc.
other states segment contribution to operating income since the majority of merc and mgu customers use natural gas for heating, operating income is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                   2018                  2017                  2016
natural gas revenues                     $438.2                $411.2                $376.5
cost of natural gas sold                  232.8                 215.3                 182.3
total natural gas margins                 205.4                 195.9                 194.2
other operation and maintenance           101.0                 101.1                 108.8
depreciation and amortization              24.1                  24.8                  21.1
property and revenue taxes                 11.5                  15.6                  13.1
operating income                          $68.8                 $54.4                 $51.2
the following table shows a breakdown of other operation and maintenance:
year ended december 31
(in millions)                                                              2018                  2017                  2016
operation and maintenance not included in line items below           $76.1                 $78.1                 $85.1
regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses *            24.8                  23.0                  23.6
other                                                                  0.1                     -                   0.1
total other operation and maintenance                               $101.0                $101.1                $108.8
*   regulatory amortizations and other pass through expenses are substantially offset in margins and therefore do not have a significant impact on operating income.
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
therms (in millions)
natural gas sales volumes                2018                2017                2016
customer class residential                        336.1               285.6               278.5
commercial and industrial          218.5               199.4               178.2
total retail                       554.6               485.0               456.7
transport                          738.7               693.3               696.2
total sales in therms            1,293.3             1,178.3             1,152.9
degree days weather *                2018            2017            2016
merc heating (7,864 normal)       8,490           7,625           7,188
mgu heating (6,240 normal)       6,368           5,707           5,712
*   normal heating degree days for merc and mgu are based on a 20-year moving average and 15-year moving average, respectively, of monthly temperatures from various weather stations throughout their respective territories.
2018 compared with 2017
natural gas utility margins natural gas utility margins increased $9.5 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the increase was primarily driven by colder winter weather as well as customer growth and an interim rate increase at merc, partially offset by an $8.0 million decrease in margins related to savings from the tax legislation that we are required to return to customers through bill credits or reductions in
2018 form 10-k   54   wec energy group, inc.
future rates, related to the tax legislation signed into law in december 2017. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
operating income operating income at the other states segment increased $14.4 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the increase was due to the $9.5 million increase in margins discussed above and a $4.9 million decrease in operating expenses (which include other operation and maintenance, depreciation and amortization, and property and revenue taxes). the decrease in operating expenses was primarily driven by lower property and revenue taxes resulting from a favorable judgment that merc received related to a property tax matter. because property taxes were under-recovered from rate payers in prior years, merc will receive $4.8 million of the judgment, with any remaining amount passed back to customers through the property tax tracker that is now in place. the property tax tracker will allow for any future over- or under-recovered property tax expense to be recorded as a regulatory asset or liability. the balance in the regulatory asset or liability account will be reflected in the revenue requirement calculation in merc's next general rate case.
2017 compared with 2016
operating income operating income at the other states segment increased $3.2 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the increase was primarily driven by lower operation and maintenance expense due to effective cost control measures, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization due to an increase in capital investment.
non-utility energy infrastructure segment contribution to operating income year ended december 31
(in millions)      2018                 2017                  2016
operating income          $365.8                $400.5                $375.6
2018 compared with 2017
operating income at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment decreased $34.7 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the decrease was driven by a $50.3 million decrease in revenue related to the tax legislation signed into law in december 2017. as a result of the tax legislation, the lease payments charged by we power to we were reduced to account for the lower tax rate. the reduction in the lease payments was offset by a decrease in income tax expense, resulting in no impact on net income. see note 14, income taxes for more information. partially offsetting the impact of the tax legislation was a $22.0 million contribution to operating income from bluewater in 2018, compared to an $8.4 million contribution in 2017. bluewater was acquired on june 30, 2017. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
2017 compared with 2016
operating income at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment increased $24.9 million during 2017, compared with 2016. bluewater, which was acquired on june 30, 2017, contributed $8.4 million to 2017 operating income. the remaining increase of $16.5 million was driven by higher revenues in connection with capital additions to the plants we power owns and leases to we.
corporate and other segment contribution to operating income year ended december 31
(in millions)    2018                 2017                  2016
operating loss       $(22.2      )         $(13.9      )         $(9.4     )
2018 compared with 2017
the operating loss at the corporate and other segment increased $8.3 million during 2018, compared with 2017, driven by a $4.0 million impairment loss recorded in 2018 on certain nonregulated assets that were acquired as a part of the acquisition of integrys. also contributing to the increase in operating loss was the transfer of assets from wbs, our centralized services company, to
2018 form 10-k   55   wec energy group, inc.
our regulated utilities in mid-2017 and early 2018. as a result of these transfers, the return on these assets is now recognized within our regulated utility operations.
2017 compared with 2016
the operating loss at the corporate and other segment increased $4.5 million during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by the transfer of assets from wbs to our regulated utilities in mid-2017. as a result of these transfers, the return on these assets is now recognized within our regulated utility operations. partially offsetting this increase in operating loss was the impact from $3.5 million of costs incurred in 2016 related to the acquisition of integrys.
electric transmission segment operations year ended december 31
(in millions)                                   2018                 2017                  2016
equity in earnings of transmission affiliates          $136.7                $154.3                $146.5
2018 compared with 2017
earnings from our ownership interests in transmission affiliates decreased $17.6 million during 2018, compared with 2017, driven by the tax legislation signed into law in december 2017. the $34.3 million decrease in our equity earnings from atc due to the tax legislation did not affect our net income as it was offset by an equal reduction in our income tax expense. see note 14, income taxes, for more information. the negative impact of the tax legislation was partially offset by expenses recorded in 2017 by atc related to the refund atc was required to provide customers as a result of its ferc financial audit. continued capital investment by our transmission affiliates also increased our equity earnings year over year.
2017 compared with 2016
earnings from our ownership interests in transmission affiliates increased $7.8 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the lower earnings during 2016 as compared to 2017 were primarily the result of an alj recommendation related to the ferc roe complaints. see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - other matters - american transmission company allowed return on equity complaints for more information.
consolidated other income, net year ended december 31
(in millions)                                                                    2018                2017                2016
afudc - equity                                                             $15.2               $11.4               $25.1
non-service credit (cost) components of net periodic benefit costs          26.0                 9.1               (14.2    )
gain on repurchase of notes                                                    -                   -                23.6
other, net                                                                  29.1                53.2                32.1
other income, net                                                          $70.3               $73.7               $66.6
2018 compared with 2017
other income, net decreased $3.4 million during 2018, compared with 2017. a decrease of $23.3 million was due to $1.8 million of net losses from investments held in our rabbi trust during 2018, compared with net gains of $21.5 million during 2017. partially offsetting this decrease was a $16.9 million increase in income due to higher net credits from the non-service components of our net periodic pension and opeb costs. see note 18, employee benefits, for more information on our benefit costs.
2017 compared with 2016
other income, net increased $7.1 million during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by the year-over-year increase in income from the non-service components of our net periodic pension and opeb costs. also contributing to the increase were higher gains on investments held in our rabbi trust during 2017, compared with 2016. these increases were partially offset by a $23.6 million gain recorded in february 2016 on the repurchase of a portion of integrys's 2006 junior notes at a discount and lower afudc in 2017
2018 form 10-k   56   wec energy group, inc.
largely due to the reacttm emission control technology project at weston unit 3 going into service during the fourth quarter of 2016.
consolidated interest expense year ended december 31
(in millions)      2018                 2017                  2016
interest expense          $445.1                $415.7                $402.7
2018 compared with 2017
interest expense increased $29.4 million during 2018, compared with 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher debt balances and higher interest rates on both short-term and long-term debt. this increase in debt balances was primarily related to continued capital investments.
2017 compared with 2016
interest expense increased $13.0 million during 2017, compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher debt levels in 2017 to fund continued capital investments and lower capitalized interest during 2017, primarily as a result of the completion of the reacttm emission control project in 2016.
consolidated income tax expense year ended december 31
2018           2017           2016
effective tax rate      13.8    %      24.1    %      37.6    %
2018 compared with 2017
our effective tax rate was 13.8% in 2018, compared to 24.1% in 2017. this decrease was primarily due to the flow through of tax repairs in connection with the wisconsin rate settlement. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
we expect our 2019 annual effective tax rate to be between 10.5% and 11.5%, which includes an estimated 9.5% effective tax rate benefit due to the flow through of tax repairs in connection with the wisconsin rate settlement. excluding the impact of the tax repairs, the expected 2019 range would be between 20% and 21%.
2017 compared with 2016
our effective tax rate was 24.1% in 2017, compared to 37.6% in 2016. the 13.5% decrease in the effective tax rate was driven by a $206.7 million one-time net reduction in income tax expense related to the revaluation of our deferred taxes primarily on our non-utility energy infrastructure and corporate and other segments at december 31, 2017, as a result of the enactment of the tax legislation. our effective tax rate in 2017 excluding the one-time net reduction in income tax expense due to revaluation of our deferred taxes was 37.2%.
2018 form 10-k   57   wec energy group, inc.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows during the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                2018                  2017                  2016         change in 2018 over 2017   change in 2017 over 2016
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                 $2,445.5              $2,078.6              $2,103.8                    $366.9              $(25.2                )
investing activities                 (2,384.4   )          (2,254.1   )          (1,354.2   )                (130.3          )   (899.9                )
financing activities                     26.4                 161.4                (845.7   )                (135.0          )   1,007.1
operating activities
2018 compared with 2017
net cash provided by operating activities increased $366.9 million during 2018, compared with 2017, driven by:
•   a $396.1 million increase in cash related to higher overall collections from customers, primarily due to favorable weather during 2018, compared with 2017.
•   a $97.5 million increase in cash from lower payments for other operation and maintenance expenses. during 2018, our payments related to plant maintenance and labor costs decreased, due in part to the retirements in 2018 of the pleasant prairie power plant, edgewater unit 4, and pulliam units 7 and 8. see note 6, property, plant, and equipment, for more information about the retirement of our plants. in addition, our payments for transmission costs decreased during 2018.
these increases in net cash provided by operating activities were partially offset by a $127.6 million decrease in cash resulting from higher payments during 2018, compared with 2017, for natural gas we purchased at the end of 2017 and during 2018 to meet the requirements of our customers during the colder winter weather.
2017 compared with 2016
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $25.2 million during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by:
•   a $217.9 million decrease in cash resulting from higher payments for natural gas and fuel and purchased power in 2017, primarily due to higher commodity prices. the average per-unit cost of natural gas sold increased 13.6% during 2017, compared with 2016.
•   a $91.8 million increase in contributions and payments to our pension and opeb plans during 2017, compared with 2016.
•   a $34.5 million net decrease in cash received from income taxes during 2017, compared with 2016. this decrease in cash was primarily due to the extension of bonus depreciation in december 2015, which resulted in the receipt of an income tax refund during 2016.
•   a $26.5 million decrease in cash due to higher collateral requirements during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by a decrease in the fair value of our derivative instruments. see note 16, derivative instruments, for more information.
these decreases in net cash provided by operating activities were partially offset by:
•   a $158.7 million increase in cash from lower payments for operating and maintenance expenses. during 2017, our payments related to transmission, electric and natural gas distribution, charitable projects, employee benefits, and electric generation decreased.
•   a $129.2 million increase in cash related to higher overall collections from customers, primarily due to higher commodity prices during 2017, compared with 2016.
2018 form 10-k   58   wec energy group, inc.
•   a $49.6 million increase in cash distributions provided by atc during 2017, compared with 2016.
investing activities
2018 compared with 2017
net cash used in investing activities increased $130.3 million during 2018, compared with 2017, driven by:
•   the acquisition of a 90% ownership interest in bishop hill iii during 2018 for $162.9 million, which is net of restricted cash acquired of $4.5 million. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
•   a $156.2 million increase in cash paid for capital expenditures during 2018, compared with 2017, which is discussed in more detail below.
•   the acquisition of a portion of forward wind energy center during april 2018 for $77.1 million. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
•   the acquisition of an 80% ownership interest in coyote ridge during december 2018 for $61.4 million. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
these increases in net cash used in investing activities were partially offset by:
•   the acquisition of bluewater during june 2017 for $226.0 million. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
•   a $56.1 million decrease in our capital contributions to atc and atc holdco during 2018, compared with 2017, due to the restructuring of datc's ownership. during the fourth quarter of 2017, atc holdco purchased atc's ownership interest in datc, which resulted in higher capital contributions during 2017. our capital contributions also decreased due to the refunds atc paid in 2017 as a result of the atc roe complaints filed with the ferc, which were partially funded by capital contributions. see factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - other matters - american transmission company allowed return on equity complaints for more information on the atc roe complaints.
•   a $48.6 million net increase in restricted cash during 2018, compared with 2017, due to a $109.9 million increase in the proceeds received from the sale of investments held in the integrys rabbi trust, partially offset by a $61.3 million increase in the purchase of investments held in the rabbi trust.
2017 compared with 2016
net cash used in investing activities increased $899.9 million during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by:
•   a $535.8 million increase in cash paid for capital expenditures during 2017, compared with 2016, which is discussed in more detail below.
•   the acquisition of bluewater during june 2017 for $226.0 million. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information.
•   a $142.3 million decrease in the proceeds received from the sale of assets and businesses during 2017, compared with 2016. see note 3, dispositions, for more information.
•   a $67.3 million increase in our capital contributions to atc and atc holdco during 2017, compared with 2016, due to the continued investment in equipment and facilities by atc to improve reliability and the restructuring of datc's ownership. in addition, the refunds paid by atc in 2017 and atc's lower earnings in 2016, as a result of the atc roe complaints filed with the ferc, also contributed to the year-over-year increase in our capital contributions.
these increases in net cash used in investing activities were partially offset by a $62.5 million increase in restricted cash during 2017, compared with 2016, due to a $55.5 million decrease in the purchase of investments held in the integrys rabbi trust and a $7.0 million increase in the proceeds received from the sale of investments held in the rabbi trust.
2018 form 10-k   59   wec energy group, inc.
capital expenditures capital expenditures by segment for the years ended december 31 were as follows:
reportable segment(in millions)                    2018                  2017                  2016             change in 2018 over 2017             change in 2017 over 2016
wisconsin                                  $1,389.0              $1,152.3                $910.9                        $236.7                               $241.4
illinois                                      547.1                 545.2                 293.2                           1.9                                252.0
other states                                  103.6                  74.5                  59.5                          29.1                                 15.0
non-utility energy infrastructure              36.3                  35.4                  62.3                           0.9                                (26.9          )
corporate and other                            39.7                 152.1                  97.8                        (112.4          )                      54.3
total capital expenditures                 $2,115.7              $1,959.5              $1,423.7                        $156.2                               $535.8
2018 compared with 2017
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the wisconsin segment during 2018, compared with 2017, was primarily driven by the construction of the new natural gas-fired generation facility in the upper peninsula of michigan and an advanced metering infrastructure program. an information technology project created to improve we's and wg's billing, call center, and credit collection functions, a natural gas lateral project at wps's fox energy center, and various other software projects also contributed to the increase in our capital expenditures.
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the other states segment during 2018, compared with 2017, was primarily driven by upgrades to merc's natural gas distribution systems.
the decrease in cash paid for capital expenditures at the corporate and other segment during 2018, compared with 2017, was primarily driven by the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system during the first quarter of 2018. the 2017 completion of an information technology project created to improve the billing, call center, and credit collection functions of the integrys subsidiaries reduced our capital expenditures as well. various other software projects, the majority of which were completed during 2017, also contributed to the decrease in our capital expenditures.
see capital resources and requirements - capital requirements - capital expenditures and significant capital projects below for more information.
2017 compared with 2016
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the wisconsin segment during 2017, compared with 2016, was primarily driven by upgrades to our electric and natural gas distribution systems, including main replacement projects and an advanced metering infrastructure program, as well as wps's smrp and various projects at the ocpp. these increases in capital expenditures were partially offset by reduced construction activity at wps related to the reacttm emission control technology project at weston unit 3, which was completed in 2016, and the combustion turbine project at the fox energy center, which was completed in june 2017.
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the illinois segment during 2017, compared with 2016, was primarily driven by increased construction activity related to pgl's smp, its natural gas storage field, and a project to relocate one of pgl's service facilities.
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the other states segment during 2017, compared with 2016, was primarily driven by upgrades to merc's natural gas distribution systems and mains as well as the construction of an office building due to the relocation of merc's headquarters during 2017.
the decrease in cash paid for capital expenditures at the non-utility energy infrastructure segment during 2017, compared with 2016, was primarily driven by reduced construction activity for we power's fuel flexibility project at the oak creek expansion units, which was completed during december 2017.
the increase in cash paid for capital expenditures at the corporate and other segment during 2017, compared with 2016, was primarily driven by a project to implement a new enterprise resource planning system and various other software projects.
2018 form 10-k   60   wec energy group, inc.
financing activities
2018 compared with 2017
net cash provided by financing activities decreased $135.0 million during 2018, compared with 2017, driven by:
•   a $798.8 million decrease in cash related to higher repayments of long-term debt during 2018, compared with 2017.
•   a $588.9 million net decrease in cash due to $4.5 million of net repayments of commercial paper during 2018, compared with $584.4 million of net borrowings of commercial paper during 2017.
•   a $40.8 million decrease in cash due to higher dividends paid on our common stock during 2018, compared with 2017. in january 2018, our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend by $0.0325 per share (6.25%) effective with the first quarter of 2018 dividend payment.
these decreases in net cash provided by financing activities were partially offset by a $1,305.0 million increase in cash due to the issuance of more long-term debt during 2018, compared with 2017.
2017 compared with 2016
net cash related to financing activities increased $1,007.1 million during 2017, compared with 2016, driven by:
•   an $819.2 million net increase in cash due to $584.4 million of net borrowings of commercial paper during 2017, compared with $234.8 million of net repayments of commercial paper during 2016.
•   a $151.5 million increase in cash related to lower repayments of long-term debt during 2017, compared with 2016. in february 2016, we repurchased a portion of integrys's 2006 junior notes at a discount.
•   a $36.7 million increase in cash due to fewer shares of our common stock purchased during 2017, compared with 2016, to satisfy requirements of our stock-based compensation plans.
•   a $35.0 million increase in cash due to the issuance of more long-term debt during 2017, compared with 2016.
these increases in net cash related to financing activities were partially offset by a $31.6 million decrease in cash related to higher dividends paid on our common stock during 2017, compared with 2016. in january 2017, our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend by $0.025 per share effective with the first quarter of 2017 dividend payment.
significant financing activities for more information on our financing activities, see note 12, short-term debt and lines of credit, and note 13, long-term debt and capital lease obligations.
capital resources and requirements capital resources liquidity we anticipate meeting our capital requirements for our existing operations through internally generated funds and short-term borrowings, supplemented by the issuance of intermediate or long-term debt securities, depending on market conditions and other factors.
we currently have access to the capital markets and have been able to generate funds internally and externally to meet our capital requirements. our ability to attract the necessary financial capital at reasonable terms is critical to our overall strategic plan. we currently believe that we have adequate capacity to fund our operations for the foreseeable future through our existing borrowing arrangements, access to capital markets, and internally generated cash.
2018 form 10-k   61   wec energy group, inc.
wec energy group, we, wg, wps, and pgl maintain bank back-up credit facilities, which provide liquidity support for each company's obligations with respect to commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. we review our bank back-up credit facility needs on an ongoing basis and expect to be able to maintain adequate credit facilities to support our operations. see note 12, short-term debt and lines of credit, for more information about these credit facilities.
the following table shows our capitalization structure as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, as well as an adjusted capitalization structure that we believe is consistent with how a majority of the rating agencies currently view our 2007 junior notes:
2018                                          2017
(in millions)                                              actual               adjusted                 actual               adjusted common equity                                       $9,788.9              $10,038.9               $9,461.4               $9,711.4
preferred stock of subsidiary                           30.4                   30.4                   30.4                   30.4
long-term debt (including current portion)          10,359.0               10,109.0                9,588.7                9,338.7
short-term debt                                      1,440.1                1,440.1                1,444.6                1,444.6
total capitalization                               $21,618.4              $21,618.4              $20,525.1              $20,525.1
total debt                                         $11,799.1              $11,549.1              $11,033.3              $10,783.3
ratio of debt to total capitalization                   54.6    %              53.4    %              53.8    %              52.5    %
included in long-term debt on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, is $500.0 million principal amount of 2007 junior notes. the adjusted presentation attributes $250.0 million of the 2007 junior notes to common equity and $250.0 million to long-term debt.
the adjusted presentation of our consolidated capitalization structure is included as a complement to our capitalization structure presented in accordance with gaap. management evaluates and manages our capitalization structure, including our total debt to total capitalization ratio, using the gaap calculation as adjusted by certain rating agencies' treatment of the 2007 junior notes. therefore, we believe the non-gaap adjusted presentation reflecting this treatment is useful and relevant to investors in understanding how management and the rating agencies evaluate our capitalization structure.
for a summary of the interest rate, maturity, and amount outstanding of each series of our long-term debt on a consolidated basis, see our capitalization statements.
as described in note 10, common equity, certain restrictions exist on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us. we do not expect these restrictions to have any material effect on our operations or ability to meet our cash obligations.
at december 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all covenants related to outstanding short-term and long-term debt. we expect to be in compliance with all such debt covenants for the foreseeable future. see note 12, short-term debt and lines of credit, for more information about our credit facilities and other short-term credit agreements. see note 13, long-term debt and capital lease obligations, for more information about our long-term debt.
working capital as of december 31, 2018, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by $1,084.1 million. we do not expect this to have any impact on our liquidity since we believe we have adequate back-up lines of credit in place for our ongoing operations. we also believe that we can access the capital markets to finance our construction programs and to refinance current maturities of long-term debt, if necessary.
credit rating risk we do not have any credit agreements that would require material changes in payment schedules or terminations as a result of a credit rating downgrade. however, we have certain agreements in the form of commodity contracts and employee benefit plans that could require collateral or a termination payment in the event of a credit rating change to below bbb- at s&p global ratings and/or baa3 at moody's investors service. we also have other commodity contracts that, in the event of a credit rating downgrade, could result in a reduction of our unsecured credit granted by counterparties.
2018 form 10-k   62   wec energy group, inc.
in addition, access to capital markets at a reasonable cost is determined in large part by credit quality. any credit ratings downgrade could impact our ability to access capital markets.
in january 2018, moody's downgraded the rating outlook for wg to negative from stable as a result of the new tax legislation. the change in rating outlook has not had, and we do not believe that it will have, a material impact on our ability to access capital markets.
in july 2018, moody's downgraded the ratings of wec energy group (senior unsecured), wecc (senior unsecured), and integrys (senior unsecured) to baa1 from a3. moody's also downgraded the ratings of wec energy group (junior subordinated) and integrys (junior subordinated) to baa2 from baa1. reduced cash flow due to tax legislation, which impacted the majority of companies in our industry, was a catalyst for the downgrade. moody's affirmed the commercial paper ratings of wec energy group (senior unsecured, p-2), and integrys (senior unsecured, p-2) and changed the rating outlook for wec energy group, wecc, and integrys, to stable from rating under review.
subject to other factors affecting the credit markets as a whole, we believe our current ratings should provide a significant degree of flexibility in obtaining funds on competitive terms. however, these security ratings reflect the views of the rating agency only. an explanation of the significance of these ratings may be obtained from the rating agency. such ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. any rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn at any time by a rating agency.
if we are unable to successfully take actions to manage any additional adverse impacts of the tax legislation, or if additional interpretations, regulations, amendments or technical corrections exacerbate the adverse impacts of the tax legislation, the legislation could result in credit rating agencies placing our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings on negative outlook or additional downgrading of our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings. any such actions by credit rating agencies may make it more difficult and costly for us and our subsidiaries to issue future debt securities and certain other types of financing and could increase borrowing costs under our and our subsidiaries' credit facilities.
capital requirements contractual obligations we have the following contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2018:
payments due by period (1)
(in millions)                                                      total            less than 1 year               1-3 years               3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt obligations (2)                             $19,244.9                  $810.8                  $2,854.8                  $820.0                 $14,759.3
capital lease obligations (3)                                   56.7                    15.5                      33.6                     7.6                         -
operating lease obligations (4)                                 86.9                     8.7                      15.5                    14.0                      48.7
energy and transportation purchase obligations (5)          12,002.8                 1,211.9                   1,926.7                 1,755.2                   7,109.0
purchase orders (6)                                            834.2                   411.3                     260.4                    85.6                      76.9
pension and opeb funding obligations (7)                        69.7                    12.6                      57.1                       -                         -
total contractual obligations                              $32,295.2                $2,470.8                  $5,148.1                $2,682.4                 $21,993.9
(1)   the amounts included in the table are calculated using current market prices, forward curves, and other estimates.
(2)   principal and interest payments on long-term debt (excluding capital lease obligations). the interest due on our variable rate debt is based on the interest rates that were in effect on december 31, 2018.
(3)   capital lease obligations for power purchase commitments. this amount does not include we power leases to we which are eliminated upon consolidation.
(4)   operating lease obligations for office space, land, and rail car leases.
(5)   energy and transportation purchase obligations under various contracts for the procurement of fuel, power, gas supply, and associated transportation related to utility and non-utility operations.
(6)   purchase obligations related to normal business operations, information technology, and other services.
2018 form 10-k   63   wec energy group, inc.
(7)   obligations for pension and opeb plans cannot reasonably be estimated beyond 2021.
the table above does not include liabilities related to the accounting treatment for uncertainty in income taxes because we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to the amount and period of related future payments at this time. for additional information regarding these liabilities, refer to note 14, income taxes.
the table above also does not reflect estimated future payments related to the manufactured gas plant remediation liability of $616.4 million at december 31, 2018, as the amount and timing of payments are uncertain. we expect to incur costs annually to remediate these sites. see note 22, commitments and contingencies, for more information about environmental liabilities.
aros in the amount of $461.4 million are not included in the above table. settlement of these liabilities cannot be determined with certainty, but we believe the majority of these liabilities will be settled in more than five years. see note 8, asset retirement obligations, for more information.
obligations for utility operations have historically been included as part of the rate-making process and therefore are generally recoverable from customers.
capital expenditures and significant capital projects we have several capital projects that will require significant capital expenditures over the next three years and beyond. all projected capital requirements are subject to periodic review and may vary significantly from estimates, depending on a number of factors. these factors include environmental requirements, regulatory restraints and requirements, impacts from the tax legislation, additional changes in tax laws and regulations, acquisition and development opportunities, market volatility, and economic trends. our estimated capital expenditures and acquisitions for the next three years are as follows:
(in millions)                                      2019                  2020                  2021
wisconsin                                  $1,344.9              $1,677.5              $1,559.1
illinois                                      765.2                 684.0                 602.4
other states                                  155.4                 135.8                 105.5
non-utility energy infrastructure             424.2                 418.8                 242.8
corporate and other                            15.7                  11.0                   1.1
total                                      $2,705.4              $2,927.1              $2,510.9
wps is continuing work on the smrp. this project includes modernizing parts of its electric distribution system, including burying or upgrading lines. the project focuses on constructing facilities to improve the reliability of electric service wps provides to its customers. wps expects to invest approximately $185 million between 2019 and 2022 on this project. we, wps, and wg will also continue to upgrade their electric and natural gas distribution systems to enhance reliability. these upgrades include the advanced metering infrastructure (ami) program. ami is an integrated system of smart meters, communication networks and data management systems that enable two-way communication between utilities and customers.
as part of our commitment to invest in zero-carbon generation, we plan to invest in utility scale solar of up to 350 mw within our wisconsin segment. wps has partnered with an unaffiliated utility to acquire ownership interests in two proposed solar projects in wisconsin. badger hollow solar farm will be located in iowa county, wisconsin, and two creeks solar project will be located in manitowoc county, wisconsin. wps will own 100 mw of the output of each project for a total of 200 mw. wps's share of the cost of both projects is estimated to be $260 million. subject to the receipt of pscw approval, commercial operation for both projects is targeted for the end of 2020. solar generation technology has greatly improved, has become more cost-effective, and it complements our summer demand curve.
in connection with the formation of umerc, we entered into an agreement with tilden under which it will purchase electric power from umerc for 20 years, contingent upon umerc's construction of approximately 180 mw of natural gas-fired generation in the upper peninsula of michigan. the new generation is expected to begin commercial operation during the second quarter of 2019. the estimated cost of this project is approximately $266 million ($277 million with afudc), 50% of which is expected to be recovered from tilden, with the remaining 50% expected to be recovered from umerc's other utility customers.
pgl is continuing work on the smp, a project under which pgl is replacing approximately 2,000 miles of chicago's aging natural gas pipeline infrastructure. pgl currently recovers these costs through a surcharge on customer bills pursuant to an icc approved qip
2018 form 10-k   64   wec energy group, inc.
rider, which is in effect through 2023. pgl's projected average annual investment through 2021 is between $280 million and $300 million. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information on the smp.
the non-utility energy infrastructure segment includes our investments in bishop hill iii, coyote ridge, and upstream. see note 2, acquisitions, for more information on these wind projects.
we expect to provide capital contributions to atc and atc holdco (not included in the above table) of approximately $185 million from 2019 through 2021.
common stock matters for information related to our common stock matters, see note 10, common equity.
on january 17, 2019, our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend to $0.59 per share effective with the first quarter of 2019 dividend payment, which equates to an annual dividend of $2.36 per share. in addition, the board of directors affirmed our dividend policy that continues to target a dividend payout ratio of 65-70% of earnings.
investments in outside trusts we use outside trusts to fund our pension and certain opeb obligations. these trusts had investments of approximately $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2018. these trusts hold investments that are subject to the volatility of the stock market and interest rates. we contributed $77.6 million, $120.5 million, and $28.7 million to our pension and opeb plans in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. future contributions to the plans will be dependent upon many factors, including the performance of existing plan assets and long-term discount rates. for additional information, see note 18, employee benefits.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk as a part of our normal course of business, including financial guarantees and letters of credit that support construction projects, commodity contracts, and other payment obligations. we believe that these agreements do not have, and are not reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. for additional information, see note 12, short-term debt and lines of credit, note 17, guarantees, and note 21, variable interest entities.
factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources market risks and other significant risks we are exposed to market and other significant risks as a result of the nature of our businesses and the environments in which those businesses operate. these risks, described in further detail below, include but are not limited to:
regulatory recovery our utilities account for their regulated operations in accordance with accounting guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc. our rates are determined by various regulatory commissions. see item 1. business - d. regulation for more information on these commissions.
regulated entities are allowed to defer certain costs that would otherwise be charged to expense if the regulated entity believes the recovery of those costs is probable. we record regulatory assets pursuant to specific orders or by a generic order issued by our regulators. recovery of the deferred costs in future rates is subject to the review and approval by those regulators. we assume the risks and benefits of ultimate recovery of these items in future rates. if the recovery of the deferred costs, including those referenced below, is not approved by our regulators, the costs would be charged to income in the current period. in general, our regulatory assets are recovered over a period of between one to six years. regulators can impose liabilities on a prospective basis for amounts previously collected from customers and for amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers. we record these items as regulatory liabilities. as of december 31, 2018, our regulatory assets were $3,855.8 million, and our regulatory liabilities were $4,288.4 million.
2018 form 10-k   65   wec energy group, inc.
due to the tax legislation signed into law in december 2017, our regulated utilities remeasured their deferred taxes and recorded a tax benefit of $2,450 million. our utilities have been returning this tax benefit to ratepayers through refunds, bill credits, riders, and reductions to other regulatory assets, which we expect to continue. see note 14, income taxes, and note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
we expect to request or have requested recovery of the costs related to the following projects discussed in recent or pending rate proceedings, orders, and investigations involving our utilities:
•   in june 2016, the pscw approved the deferral of costs related to wps's reacttm project above the originally authorized $275.0 million level through 2017. the total cost of the reacttm project, excluding $51 million of afudc, was $342 million. in september 2017, the pscw approved an extension of this deferral through 2019 as part of a settlement agreement. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information. wps will be required to obtain a separate approval for collection of these deferred costs in a future rate case.
•   prior to its acquisition by us, integrys initiated an information technology project with the goal of improving the customer experience at its subsidiaries. specifically, the project is expected to provide functional and technological benefits to the billing, call center, and credit collection functions. as of december 31, 2018, we had not received any significant disallowances of the costs incurred for this project. we will be required to obtain approval for the recovery of additional costs incurred through the completion of this long-term project.
•   in january 2014, the icc approved pgl's use of the qip rider as a recovery mechanism for costs incurred related to investments in qip. this rider is subject to an annual reconciliation whereby costs are reviewed for accuracy and prudency. in march 2018, pgl filed its 2017 reconciliation with the icc, which, along with the 2016 and 2015 reconciliations, are still pending. in 2018, pgl agreed to a settlement of the 2014 reconciliation, which included a rate base reduction of $5.4 million and a $4.7 million refund to ratepayers. as of december 31, 2018, there can be no assurance that all costs incurred under the qip rider during the open reconciliation years will be deemed recoverable by the icc.
see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information regarding recent and pending rate proceedings, orders, and investigations involving our utilities.
commodity costs in the normal course of providing energy, we are subject to market fluctuations in the costs of coal, natural gas, purchased power, and fuel oil used in the delivery of coal. we manage our fuel and natural gas supply costs through a portfolio of short and long-term procurement contracts with various suppliers for the purchase of coal, natural gas, and fuel oil. in addition, we manage the risk of price volatility through natural gas and electric hedging programs.
embedded within our utilities' rates are amounts to recover fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs. our utilities have recovery mechanisms in place that allow them to recover or refund all or a portion of the changes in prudently incurred fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs from rate case-approved amounts. see item 1. business - d. regulation for more information on these mechanisms.
higher commodity costs can increase our working capital requirements, result in higher gross receipts taxes, and lead to increased energy efficiency investments by our customers to reduce utility usage and/or fuel substitution. higher commodity costs combined with slower economic conditions also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. see note 1(d), operating revenues, for more information on riders and other mechanisms that allow for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense.
weather our utilities' rates are based upon estimated normal temperatures. our electric utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to below normal temperatures during the summer cooling season and, to some extent, to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. our natural gas utility margins are unfavorably sensitive to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. pgl, nsg, and merc have decoupling mechanisms in place that help reduce the impacts of weather. decoupling mechanisms differ by state and allow utilities to recover or refund certain differences between actual and authorized margins. a
2018 form 10-k   66   wec energy group, inc.
summary of actual weather information in our utilities' service territories during 2018, 2017, and 2016, as measured by degree days, may be found in results of operations.
interest rates we are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from our short-term and long-term borrowings and projected near-term debt financing needs. we manage exposure to interest rate risk by limiting the amount of our variable rate obligations and continually monitoring the effects of market changes on interest rates. when it is advantageous to do so, we enter into long-term fixed rate debt. we may also enter into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, to mitigate interest rate exposure.
based on the variable rate debt outstanding at december 31, 2018, and december 31, 2017, a hypothetical increase in market interest rates of one percentage point would have increased annual interest expense by $16.9 million and $20.6 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively. this sensitivity analysis was performed assuming a constant level of variable rate debt during the period and an immediate increase in interest rates, with no other changes for the remainder of the period.
marketable securities return we use various trusts to fund our pension and opeb obligations. these trusts invest in debt and equity securities. changes in the market prices of these assets can affect future pension and opeb expenses. additionally, future contributions can also be affected by the investment returns on trust fund assets. we believe that the financial risks associated with investment returns would be partially mitigated through future rate actions by our various utility regulators.
the fair value of our trust fund assets and expected long-term returns were approximately:
(in millions)             as of december 31, 2018          expected return on assets in 2019
pension trust funds            $2,690.8                              7.12                  %
opeb trust funds                 $771.7                              7.25                  %
fiduciary oversight of the pension and opeb trust fund investments is the responsibility of an investment trust policy committee. the committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an ongoing basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. forecasted cash flows for plan liabilities are regularly updated based on annual valuation results. target asset allocations are determined utilizing projected benefit payment cash flows and risk analyses of appropriate investments. the targeted asset allocations are intended to reduce risk, provide long-term financial stability for the plans, and maintain funded levels which meet long-term plan obligations while preserving sufficient liquidity for near-term benefit payments. investment strategies utilize a wide diversification of asset types and qualified external investment managers.
we consult with our investment advisors on an annual basis to help us forecast expected long-term returns on plan assets by reviewing actual historical returns and calculating expected total trust returns using the weighted-average of long-term market returns for each of the major target asset categories utilized in the funds.
economic conditions we have electric and natural gas utility operations that serve customers in wisconsin, illinois, michigan, and minnesota. as such, we are exposed to market risks in the regional midwest economy. in addition, any economic downturn or disruption of national or international markets could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products, which could affect their demand for our products.
inflation we continue to monitor the impact of inflation, especially with respect to the costs of medical plans, fuel, transmission access, construction costs, and regulatory and environmental compliance in order to minimize its effects in future years through pricing strategies, productivity improvements, and cost reductions. we do not believe the impact of general inflation will have a material impact on our future results of operations.
2018 form 10-k   67   wec energy group, inc.
for additional information concerning risk factors, including market risks, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information at the beginning of this report and item 1a. risk factors.
competitive markets electric utility industry the regulated energy industry continues to experience significant changes. the ferc continues to support large rtos, which affects the structure of the wholesale market. to this end, miso implemented the miso energy markets, including the use of lmp to value electric transmission congestion and losses. increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant and adverse financial impact on us. it is uncertain when, if at all, retail choice might be implemented in wisconsin. however, michigan has adopted a limited retail choice program.
wisconsin electric utility revenues in wisconsin are regulated by the pscw. the pscw continues to maintain the position that the question of whether to implement electric retail competition in wisconsin should ultimately be decided by the wisconsin legislature. no such legislation has been introduced in wisconsin to date.
michigan under michigan law, our retail customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. as a result, some of our small retail customers have switched to an alternative electric supplier. at december 31, 2018, michigan law limited customer choice to 10% of an electric utility's michigan retail load, but this cap could potentially be reduced in future years due to the december 2016 passage of michigan act 341. based on current law, our iron ore mine customer, tilden, is exempt from the 10% cap. in addition, certain load increases by facilities already using an alternative electric supplier can still be serviced by their alternative electric supplier, when various conditions exist, even if the cap has already been met. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer.
natural gas utility industry we offer natural gas transportation services to our customers that elect to purchase natural gas from an alternative retail natural gas supplier. since these transportation customers continue to use our distribution systems to transport natural gas to their facilities, we earn distribution revenues from them. as such, there is little impact on our net income from customers purchasing natural gas from an alternative retail natural gas supplier as natural gas costs are passed through to customers in rates on a one-for-one basis.
wisconsin the pscw previously instituted generic proceedings to consider how its regulation of natural gas distribution utilities should change to reflect a competitive environment in the natural gas industry. to date, the pscw has made a policy decision to provide customer classes with competitive markets the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier. the pscw has also adopted standards for transactions between a utility and its natural gas marketing affiliates. all of our wisconsin customer classes have competitive market choices and, therefore, can purchase natural gas directly from either an alternative retail natural gas supplier or their local natural gas utility. we are currently unable to predict the impact of potential future industry restructuring on our results of operations or financial position.
illinois since 2002, pgl and nsg have provided their customers with the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier. we are not required by the icc or state law to make this option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our illinois customers, we would need icc approval to eliminate it.
2018 form 10-k   68   wec energy group, inc.
minnesota merc has provided its commercial and industrial customers with the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier since 2006. we are not required by the mpuc or state law to make this option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our minnesota commercial and industrial customers, we would need mpuc approval to eliminate it.
michigan the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier has been provided to umerc's customers (formerly wps's michigan customers) since the late 1990s and mgu's customers since 2005. we are not required by the mpsc or state law to make this option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to our michigan customers, we would need mpsc approval to eliminate it.
environmental matters see note 22, commitments and contingencies, for a discussion of certain environmental matters affecting us, including rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, land quality, and climate change.
other matters tax cuts and jobs act of 2017
in december 2017, the tax legislation was signed into law. the pscw and the mpsc have issued written orders regarding how to refund certain tax savings from the tax legislation to ratepayers in wisconsin and michigan, respectively, and the icc has approved the vita in illinois. in minnesota, the mpuc addressed the various impacts of the tax legislation in merc's 2018 rate case. we are also working with the ferc to modify our formula rate tariffs for the impacts of the tax legislation, and we expect to receive ferc approval for the modified tariffs in 2019. see note 24, regulatory environment, for more information.
american transmission company allowed return on equity complaints in november 2013, a group of miso industrial customer organizations filed a complaint with the ferc requesting to reduce the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, from 12.2% to 9.15%. in october 2014, the ferc issued an order to hear the complaint on roe and set a refund effective date retroactive to november 2013. in december 2015, the alj issued an initial decision recommending that atc and all other miso transmission owners be authorized to collect a base roe of 10.32%, as well as the 0.5% incentive adder approved by the ferc in january 2015 for miso transmission owners. the incentive adder only applies to revenues collected after january 6, 2015. in september 2016, the ferc issued an order related to this complaint affirming the use of the roe stated in the alj's initial decision, effective as of the order date, on a going-forward basis. the order also required atc to provide refunds, with interest, for the 15-month refund period from november 12, 2013, through february 11, 2015. the $28.3 million refund that atc provided to we and wps for transmission costs paid during the refund period reduced the regulatory assets recorded under the pscw-approved escrow accounting for transmission expense and resulted in a net regulatory liability for wps.
in february 2015, a second complaint was filed with the ferc requesting a reduction in the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, to 8.67%, with a refund effective date retroactive to february 12, 2015. in june 2016, the alj issued an initial decision recommending that atc and all other miso transmission owners be authorized to collect a base roe of 9.7%, as well as the 0.5% incentive adder approved for miso transmission owners. the alj's initial decision is not binding on the ferc and applies to revenues collected from february 12, 2015, through may 11, 2016. we are uncertain when a ferc order related to this matter will be issued.
the miso transmission owners have filed various appeals related to several of the ferc orders with the d.c. circuit court of appeals as well as requests for rehearing.
in november 2018, the ferc issued an order directing miso transmission owners, including atc, to submit briefs on a proposed change to the methodology used to calculate their base roe. if the proposed methodology is approved, atc's base roe for the period from november 12, 2013 through february 11, 2015 would be 10.28% instead of the 10.32% approved by the ferc in september 2016. the proposed methodology would also impact the second complaint filed in february 2015 and atc's base roe going forward. we are uncertain when a final ferc order related to the proposed methodology will be issued.
2018 form 10-k   69   wec energy group, inc.
bonus depreciation provisions bonus depreciation is an additional amount of first-year tax deductible depreciation that is awarded above what would normally be available. the bonus depreciation deduction available for public utility property subject to rate-making by a government entity or public utility commission was modified by the tax legislation signed into law on december 22, 2017. based on the provisions of the tax legislation, bonus depreciation can no longer be deducted for public utility property acquired and placed in service after december 31, 2017. the provisions of the tax legislation regarding the repeal of bonus depreciation do not apply to some of our non-utility investments.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates. the application of these policies necessarily involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially impact the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of our business, but on our results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies applied have not changed.
the following is a list of accounting policies that are most significant to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
goodwill we completed our annual goodwill impairment tests for all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance as of july 1, 2018. no impairments were recorded as a result of these tests. for all of our reporting units, the fair values calculated in step one of the test were greater than their carrying values. the fair values for the reporting units were calculated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach.
for the income approach, we used internal forecasts to project cash flows. any forecast contains a degree of uncertainty, and changes in these cash flows could significantly increase or decrease the calculated fair value of a reporting unit. since all of our reporting units containing goodwill are regulated, a fair recovery of and return on costs prudently incurred to serve customers is assumed. an unfavorable outcome in a rate case could cause the fair values of our reporting units to decrease.
key assumptions used in the income approach include roes, long-term growth rates used to determine terminal values at the end of the discrete forecast period, and discount rates. the discount rate is applied to estimated future cash flows and is one of the most significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the income approach. as interest rates rise, the calculated fair values will decrease. the discount rate is based on the weighted-average cost of capital for each reporting unit, taking into account both the after-tax cost of debt and cost of equity. the terminal year roe for each utility is driven by its current allowed roe. the terminal growth rate is based primarily on a combination of historical and forecasted statistics for real gross domestic product and personal income for each utility service area.
for the market approach, we used an equal weighting of the guideline public company method and the guideline merged and acquired company method. the guideline public company method uses financial metrics from similar publicly traded companies to determine fair value. the guideline merged and acquired company method calculates fair value by analyzing the actual prices paid for recent mergers and acquisitions in the industry. we applied multiples derived from these two methods to the appropriate operating metrics for our reporting units to determine fair value.
the underlying assumptions and estimates used in the impairment tests were made as of a point in time. subsequent changes in these assumptions and estimates could change the results of the tests.
for all of our reporting units, fair value exceeded carrying value by over 50%. based on these results, our reporting units are not at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test.
2018 form 10-k   70   wec energy group, inc.
our reporting units had the following goodwill balances at july 1, 2018:
(in millions, except percentages)               goodwill           percentage of total goodwill wisconsin                                  $2,104.3                       68.9                %
illinois                                      758.7                       24.9                %
other states                                  183.2                        6.0                %
bluewater                                       6.6                        0.2                %
total goodwill                             $3,052.8                      100.0                %
see note 9, goodwill, for more information.
long-lived assets in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, we periodically assess the recoverability of certain long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those long-lived assets may not be recoverable. examples of events or changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the market price, a significant change in use, adverse legal factors or a change in business climate, operating or cash flow losses, or an expectation that the asset might be sold. these assessments require significant assumptions and judgments by management. the long-lived assets assessed for impairment generally include certain assets within regulated operations that may not be fully recovered from our customers as a result of regulatory decisions that will be made in the future, and assets within nonregulated operations that are proposed to be sold or are currently generating operating losses.
we have evaluated future plans for our older and less efficient fossil fuel generating units and have either retired or announced the retirement of certain generating units. in accordance with asc 980-360, regulated operations - property, plant, and equipment, when it becomes probable that a generating unit will be retired before the end of its useful life, we assess whether the generating unit meets the criteria for abandonment accounting. generating units that are considered probable of abandonment are expected to cease operations in the near term, significantly before the end of their original estimated useful lives. as a result, the remaining net book value of these assets can be significant. if a generating unit meets applicable criteria to be considered probable of abandonment, and the unit has been abandoned, we assess the likelihood of recovery of the remaining carrying value of that generating unit at the end of each reporting period. if it becomes probable that regulators will disallow full recovery as well as a return on the remaining net book value of a generating unit that is either abandoned or probable of being abandoned, an impairment loss may be required. an impairment loss would be recorded if the remaining carrying value of the generating unit is greater than the present value of the amount expected to be recovered from ratepayers.
pleasant prairie power plant, pulliam units 7 and 8, and the jointly-owned edgewater 4 generating unit were retired during 2018. pipp continued to meet the criteria to be considered probable of abandonment as of december 31, 2018. we plan to ask for full cost recovery of and a full return on the remaining book value of these generating units and have concluded that no impairment was required related to these assets as of december 31, 2018. see note 6, property, plant, and equipment, for more information on our retired generating units, including various approvals we have received from the ferc.
pension and other postretirement employee benefits the costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and opeb, described in note 18, employee benefits, are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience.
pension and opeb costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, compensation levels, and employment periods), the level of contributions made to the plans, and earnings on plan assets. pension and opeb costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, mortality and discount rates, and expected health care cost trends. changes made to the plan provisions may also impact current and future pension and opeb costs.
pension and opeb plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. fluctuations in actual equity and fixed income market returns, as well as changes in general interest rates, may result in increased or decreased benefit costs in future periods. we believe that such changes in costs would be recovered or refunded at our utilities through the rate-making process.
2018 form 10-k   71   wec energy group, inc.
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the projected benefit obligation and the reported net periodic pension cost. each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)       percentage-point change in assumption   impact on projected benefit obligation               impact on 2018pension cost discount rate                                                                               (0.5)   $178.3                                                         $19.9
discount rate                                                                                 0.5   (159.8                        )                                (13.6          )
rate of return on plan assets                                                               (0.5)   n/a                                          13.6
rate of return on plan assets                                                                 0.5   n/a                                                            (13.6          )
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the accumulated opeb obligation and the reported net periodic opeb cost. each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)       percentage-point change in assumption             impact on postretirementbenefit obligation           impact on 2018 postretirementbenefit cost discount rate                                                                               (0.5)                                 $36.6                                                 $2.8
discount rate                                                                                 0.5                                 (33.0                )                                (1.1               )
health care cost trend rate                                                                 (0.5)                                 (18.9                )                                (3.9               )
health care cost trend rate                                                                   0.5                                  21.7                                                  4.5
rate of return on plan assets                                                               (0.5)                                   n/a                                                  4.1
rate of return on plan assets                                                                 0.5                                   n/a                                                 (4.1               )
the discount rates are selected based on hypothetical bond portfolios consisting of noncallable (or callable with make-whole provisions), noncollateralized, high-quality corporate bonds across the full maturity spectrum. the bonds are generally rated "aa" with a minimum amount outstanding of $50.0 million. from the hypothetical bond portfolios, a single rate is determined that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted value of the plans' expected future benefit payments.
we establish our expected return on assets based on consideration of historical and projected asset class returns, as well as the target allocations of the benefit trust portfolios. the assumed long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was 7.12%, 7.11%, and 7.12%, in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the actual rate of return on pension plan assets, net of fees, was (4.30)%, 13.74%, and 7.75%, in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
in selecting assumed health care cost trend rates, past performance and forecasts of health care costs are considered. for more information on health care cost trend rates and a table showing future payments that we expect to make for our pension and opeb, see note 18, employee benefits.
regulatory accounting our utility operations follow the guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc. our financial statements reflect the effects of the rate-making principles followed by the various jurisdictions regulating us. certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators.
future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured and is generally subject to review by regulators in rate proceedings for matters such as prudence and reasonableness. once approved, the regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into earnings over the rate recovery period. if recovery or refund of costs is not approved or is no longer considered probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in current period earnings. management regularly assesses whether these regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, earnings from our electric and natural gas utility operations, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation.
the application of the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc would be discontinued if all or a separable portion of our utility operations no longer met the criteria for application. our regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off to income as an unusual or infrequently occurring item in the period in which discontinuation occurred. as of december 31, 2018, we had
2018 form 10-k   72   wec energy group, inc.
$3,855.8 million in regulatory assets and $4,288.4 million in regulatory liabilities. see note 5, regulatory assets and liabilities, for more information.
unbilled revenues we record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. however, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated. this unbilled revenue is estimated each month based upon actual generation and throughput volumes, recorded sales, estimated customer usage by class, weather factors, estimated line losses, and applicable customer rates. significant fluctuations in energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in the composition of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. total utility operating revenues during 2018 of approximately $7.6 billion included accrued utility revenues of $497.7 million as of december 31, 2018.
income tax expense we are required to estimate income taxes for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate as part of the process of preparing consolidated financial statements. this process involves estimating current income tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for income tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our balance sheets. we also assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be recovered through future taxable income. to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance, which is offset by an adjustment to income tax expense in our income statements.
uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and the outcomes of tax audits and appeals requires that judgments and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of effective tax rates. only income tax benefits that meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold may be recognized or continue to be recognized. unrecognized tax benefits are re-evaluated quarterly and changes are recorded based on new information, including the issuance of relevant guidance by the courts or tax authorities and developments occurring in the examinations of our tax returns.
significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. the assumptions involved are supported by historical data, reasonable projections, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. significant changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 1(m), income taxes, and note 14, income taxes, for a discussion of accounting for income taxes.
