item 1a.   risk factors investors should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties, and other factors described below, as well as other disclosures in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, because they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and growth prospects. these risks are not the only risks we face. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial.
the company has substantial operations and sells a significant portion of our products outside of the u.s. and purchases important components, including final products, from suppliers located outside the u.s. shipments to non-u.s. customers are expected to continue to account for a material portion of net sales. we also expect to continue the use of third-party contract manufacturing services with non-u.s. production and assembly operations for our products.
risks associated with operations, sales, and purchases outside the united states include:
•   fluctuating foreign currency rates could restrict sales, increase costs of purchasing, and impact collection of receivables outside of the u.s.;
•   volatility in foreign credit markets may affect the financial well-being of our customers and suppliers;
•   violations of anti-corruption laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act could result in large fines and penalties;
•   adverse changes in, or uncertainty of, local business laws or practices, including the following:
•   imposition of burdensome tariffs, quotas, taxes, trade barriers, or capital flow restrictions;
•   restrictions on the export or import of technology may reduce or eliminate the ability to sell in or purchase from certain markets;
•   political and economic instability may reduce demand for our products or put our non-u.s. assets at risk;
•   potentially limited intellectual property protection in certain countries may limit recourse against infringing on our products or cause us to refrain from selling in certain geographic territories;
•   staffing may be difficult along with higher turnover at international operations;
•   a government-controlled exchange rate and limitations on the convertibility of currencies, including the chinese yuan;
•   transportation delays and customs related delays that may affect production and distribution of our products;
•   effectively managing and overseeing operations that are distant and remote from corporate headquarters may be difficult; and
•   integration and enforcement of laws varies significantly among jurisdictions and may change significantly over time.
the company may not be able to continue to develop products or solutions to address user needs effectively in an industry characterized by ongoing change. to be successful, we must adapt to rapidly changing technological and application needs by continually improving our products, as well as introducing new products and services, to address user demands.
the company's industry is characterized by:
•   evolving industry standards;
•   frequent new product and service introductions;
•   evolving distribution channels;
•   increasing demand for customized product and software solutions;
•   changing customer demands; and
•   changing security protocols.
future success will depend on our ability to effectively and economically adapt in this evolving environment. we could incur substantial costs if we must modify our business to adapt to these changes, and may even be unable to adapt to these changes.
the company participates in a competitive industry, which may become more competitive. competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technology and changes in customer requirements. we face significant competition in developing and selling our products and solutions. to remain competitive, we believe we must continue to effectively and economically provide:
•   technologically advanced systems that satisfy user demands;
•   superior customer service;
12
•   high levels of quality and reliability; and
•   dependable and efficient distribution networks.
we cannot assure we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors. increased competition in mobile computing products, data capture products, printers, or supplies may result in price reductions, lower gross profit margins, and loss of market share, and could require increased spending on research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support. some competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships with suppliers or companies that produce complementary products, which may create additional pressures on our competitive position in the marketplace.
the company is vulnerable to the potential difficulties associated with the increase in the complexity of our business. we have grown rapidly over the last several years through acquisition and worldwide growth. this growth has caused increased complexities in the business. we believe our future success depends in part on our ability to manage our growth and increased complexities of our business. the following factors could present difficulties to us:
•   managing our distribution channel partners;
•   managing our contract manufacturing and supply chain;
•   manufacturing an increased number of products;
•   managing parties to whom we have outsourced portions of our business operations;
•   increased administrative and operational burden;
•   maintaining and improving information technology infrastructure to support growth;
•   increased logistical problems common to complex, expansive operations;
•   increasing international operations; and
•   attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise to develop new technologies and introduce new products and solutions.
inability to consummate future acquisitions at appropriate prices could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. our ability to expand revenues, earnings, and cash flow depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and to realize anticipated synergies. acquisitions can be difficult to identify and consummate due to competition among prospective buyers and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approval on acceptable terms.
the company could encounter difficulties in any acquisition it undertakes, including unanticipated integration problems and business disruption. acquisitions could also dilute stockholder value and adversely affect operating results. we may acquire or make investments in other businesses, technologies, services, or products. an acquisition may present business issues which are new to us. the process of integrating any acquired business, technology, service, or product into our operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. integration of an acquired company also may consume considerable management time and attention, which could otherwise be available for ongoing operations and the further development of our existing business. these and other factors may result in benefits of an acquisition not being fully realized.
acquisitions also may involve a number of risks, including:
•   difficulties and uncertainties in retaining the customers or other business relationships from the acquired entities;
•   the loss of key employees of acquired entities;
•   the ability of acquired entities to fulfill their customers' obligations;
•   the discovery of unanticipated issues or liabilities;
•   pre-closing and post-closing acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact operating results and cash flows in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period to period;
•   the failure of acquired entities to meet or exceed expected operating results or cash flows could result in impairment of goodwill or intangible assets acquired;
•   the ability to implement internal controls and accounting systems necessary to be compliant with requirements applicable to public companies subject to sec reporting, which could result in misstated financial reports; and
•   future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities.
infringement by the company or our suppliers on the proprietary rights of others could put us at a competitive disadvantage, and any related litigation could be time consuming and costly. third parties may claim that we or our suppliers violated their intellectual property rights. to the extent of a violation of a third-party's patent or other intellectual property right, we may be prevented from operating our business as planned, and may be required to pay damages, to obtain a license, if available, or to
13
use a non-infringing method, if possible, to accomplish our objectives. any of these claims, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation and divert the attention of key personnel. if such claims are successful, they could result in costly judgments or settlements. also, as new technologies emerge the intellectual property rights of parties in such technologies can be uncertain. as a result, our products involving such technologies may have higher risk of claims of infringement of the intellectual proprietary rights of third parties.
the inability to protect intellectual property could harm our reputation, and our competitive position may be materially damaged. our intellectual property is valuable and provides us with certain competitive advantages. we use copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and contracts to protect these proprietary rights. despite these precautions, third parties may be able to copy or reproduce aspects of our intellectual property and our products or, without authorization, to misappropriate and use information, which we regard as trade secrets. additionally, the intellectual property rights we obtain may not be sufficient to provide us with a competitive advantage and may be successfully challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or infringed. in any infringement litigation that the company may undertake to protect our intellectual property, any award of monetary damages may be unlikely or very difficult to obtain, and any such award we may receive may not be commercially valuable. furthermore, efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in the invalidation or narrowing of the scope of our intellectual property and incurring substantial litigation costs. because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of the company's confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. some aspects of our business and services also rely on technologies, software, and content developed by or licensed from third parties, and we may not be able to maintain our relationships with such third parties or enter into similar relationships in the future on reasonable terms or at all.
we currently use third-party and/or open source operating systems and associated application ecosystems in certain of our products. such parties ceasing continued development of the operating system or restricting our access to such operating system could adversely impact our business and financial results. we are dependent on third-parties' continued development of operating systems, software application ecosystem infrastructures, and such third-parties' approval of our implementations of their operating system and associated applications. if such parties cease to continue development or support of such operating systems or restrict our access to such operating systems, we would be required to change our strategy for such devices. as a result, our financial results could be negatively impacted because a resulting shift away from the operating systems we currently use and the associated applications ecosystem could be costly and difficult. a strategy shift could increase the burden of development on the company and potentially create a gap in our portfolio for a period of time, which could competitively disadvantage us.
cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations. like many companies, we continually strive to meet industry information security standards relevant to our business. we periodically perform vulnerability assessments, remediate vulnerabilities, review log/access, perform system maintenance, manage network perimeter protection, implement and manage disaster recovery testing, and provide periodic educational sessions to our employees to foster awareness of schemes to access sensitive information. a cybersecurity incident could include an attempt to gain unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. "phishing" and other types of attempts to obtain unauthorized information or access are often sophisticated and difficult to detect or defeat.
a cybersecurity incident, including deliberate attacks and unintentional events, may lead to a material disruption of our core business systems, the loss or corruption of confidential business information and/or the disclosure of personal data that in each case could result in an adverse business impact, as well as, possible damage to our brand. this could also lead to a public disclosure or theft of private intellectual property and a possible loss of customer confidence.
while we have experienced and expect to continue to experience these types of threats and incidents, there have been no material incidents incurred to-date at the company. if our core business operations, or that of one of our third-party service providers, were to be breached, this could affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data. while we continue to perform security due diligence, there is always the possibility of a significant breach affecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and/or data.
our products that are deployed in customer environments also have the possibility of being breached, which could result in damage to a customer's confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the customer's data and systems. it is possible that such a breach could result in delays in, or loss of market acceptance of, our products and services; diversion of our resources; injury to our reputation; increased service and warranty expenses; and payment of damages. to date, we have had no material incidents related to the security on our products.
laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal data may result in increased costs, legal claims, or fines against the company. as part of our operations, the company collects, uses, stores, and transfers personal data of third parties and employees in and across jurisdictions. the governing bodies in such jurisdictions have adopted or are considering adopting
14
laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, transfer, storage and disclosure of personal data obtained from third parties and employees; for example, general data protection regulation effective may 2018. these laws may result in burdensome or inconsistent requirements affecting the collection, use, storage, transfer and disclosure of our third-party and employee personal data. compliance may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty in competing with foreign-based firms. failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in claims against the company or significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged noncompliant activity.
we may incur liabilities as a result of product failures due to actual or apparent design or manufacturing defects. we may be subject to product liability claims, which could include claims for property or economic damage or personal injury, in the event our products present actual or apparent design or manufacturing defects. such design or manufacturing defects may occur not only in our own designed products but also in components provided by third-party suppliers. we generally have insurance protection against property damage and personal injury liabilities and also seek to limit such risk through product design, manufacturing quality control processes, product testing and contractual indemnification from suppliers. however, due to the large and growing size of the company's installed product base, a design or manufacturing defect involving this large installed product base could result in product recalls or customer service costs that could have material adverse effects on our financial results.
defects or errors in the company's software products could harm our reputation, result in significant cost to us, and impair our ability to market such products. our software may contain undetected errors, defects, or bugs. although we have not suffered significant harm from any errors, defects, or bugs to date, we may discover significant errors, defects, or bugs in the future that we may not be able to correct or correct in a timely manner. it is possible that errors, defects, or bugs will be found in our existing or future software products and related services with the possible results of delays in, or loss of market acceptance of, our products and services, diversion of our resources, injury to our reputation, increased service and warranty expenses, and payment of damages.
we depend on the ongoing services of our senior management and the ability to attract and retain key personnel. the future success of the company is substantially dependent on the continued services and continuing contributions of senior management and other key personnel. the ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees is important to our long-term success. competition for skill sets in certain functions within our industry is intense, and we may be unable to retain key employees or attract, assimilate, or retain other highly qualified employees in the future. any disruption in the services of senior management or our ability to attract and retain key personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
terrorist attacks or war could lead to further economic instability and adversely affect the company's stock price, operations, and profitability. the terrorist attacks that occurred in the united states on september 11, 2001 caused major instability in the u.s. and other financial markets. since then, a number of significant acts of terrorism have occurred, and war continues in the middle east, all of which may contribute to instability in financial markets. additional acts of terrorism and current and future war risks could have a similar impact. any such attacks could, among other things, cause further instability in financial markets and could directly, or indirectly through reduced demand, negatively affect our facilities and operations or those of our customers or suppliers.
the impact of changes in customs duties and trade policies in the united states and corresponding actions by other countries in which the company does business could adversely affect our financial performance. the u.s. government has imposed customs duties on various imports from china that are intended to address trade imbalances. these actions will result in increased customs duties and will likely result in the renegotiation of some u.s. trade agreements. in response to such actions, china has instituted customs duties on certain u.s. goods. other governments could also institute customs duties on u.s. goods similar to china's actions in response to the u.s. government's customs duties. the company imports a significant percentage of our products into the u.s. and china, and an increase in customs duties with respect to these imports could negatively impact the company's financial performance. based on the current products affected, we do not anticipate such increase in customs duties to materially impact the company's financial performance. such customs duties also may cause the u.s.' trading partners, other than china, to take actions with respect to u.s. imports or u.s. investment activities in their respective countries. any potential changes in trade policies in the u.s. and the potential corresponding actions by other countries in which the company does business could adversely affect the company's financial performance.
taxing authority challenges may lead to tax payments exceeding current reserves. we are subject to, and may become subject to, ongoing tax examinations in various jurisdictions. as a result, we may record incremental tax expense based on expected outcomes of such matters. in addition, we may adjust previously reported tax reserves based on expected results of these examinations. such adjustments could result in an increase or decrease to the company's effective tax rate and cash flows. future changes in tax law in various jurisdictions around the world and income tax holidays could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, foreign rate differential, future income tax expense, and cash flows.
15
forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates. forecasts of our income tax position and effective tax rate are complex, subject to uncertainty and periodic updates because our income tax position for each year combines the effects of a mix of profits earned and losses incurred by us in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, as well as changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the impact of various accounting rules and changes to these rules and tax laws, the results of examinations by various tax authorities, and the impact of any acquisition, business combination, disposition or other reorganization, or financing transaction.
as a multinational corporation, we conduct our business in many countries and are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions. the taxation of our business is subject to the application of multiple and sometimes conflicting tax laws and regulations, as well as multinational tax conventions. many countries have recently adopted or are considering the adoption of revisions to their respective tax laws based on the on-going reports issued by the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd")/g20 base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project, which could materially impact our tax liability due to our organizational structure and significant operations outside of the u.s. our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic distribution of our worldwide earnings or losses resulting from our structure and operating model, the tax regulations and tax holidays in each geographic region, and the availability of tax credits and carry-forwards. the application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment, and uncertainty. tax laws themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, and the evolution of regulations and court rulings. consequently, taxing authorities may impose tax assessments or judgments against us that could materially impact our tax liability and/or our effective income tax rate.
economic conditions and financial market disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations. adverse economic conditions or reduced information technology spending may adversely impact our business. general disruption of financial markets and a related general economic downturn could adversely affect our business and financial condition through a reduction in demand for our products by our customers. if a slowdown were severe enough, it could require further impairment testing and write-downs of goodwill and other intangible assets. cost reduction actions may be necessary and might lead to restructuring charges. a tightening of financial credit could adversely affect our customers, suppliers, outsourced manufacturers, and channel partners (e.g., distributors and resellers) from obtaining adequate credit for the financing of significant purchases. an economic downturn could also result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services; negatively impacting the ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis; result in additional reserves for uncollectible accounts receivable; and require additional reserves for inventory obsolescence. higher volatility and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates for the u.s. dollar against currencies such as the euro, the british pound, the chinese yuan, and the brazilian real could negatively impact product sales, margins, and cash flows.
a natural disaster may cause supply disruptions that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. natural disasters may occur in the future, and the company is not able to predict to what extent or duration any such disruptions will have on our ability to maintain ordinary business operations. the consequences of an unfortunate natural disaster may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
zebra could be adversely impacted by the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union. zebra maintains its european regional headquarters and a label converting facility in the u.k. and has significant operations and sales throughout europe. the u.k. formally notified the e.u. of its intention to withdraw, with such notice triggering a two-year period ending in march 2019, which could be followed by a transition period. during such two-year period, the u.k. has been negotiating the terms of the withdrawal. since the u.k.'s referendum in june 2016 to withdraw from the e.u., markets have been more volatile, including fluctuations in the british pound, that could adversely impact zebra's operating costs in the u.k. such market volatility could also cause customers to alter or delay buying decisions that would adversely impact zebra's sales in the u.k. and throughout europe. our european business involves cross border transactions between the u.k. and the e.u. the future trade relationship between the u.k. and the e.u. could adversely impact zebra's operations in the region by increasing importation requirements or disrupting shipments between the e.u. to the u.k. or vice versa. the terms of the u.k.'s withdrawal from the e.u. and resulting impacts to zebra's operations are currently uncertain and could adversely affect the company's financial performance.
we are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and solutions and services contracts that may negatively impact our business. we enter into large, multi-year system and solutions and services contracts with our customers. this exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) technological risks, especially when the contracts involve new technology; (ii) financial risks, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with large, long-term contracts and the related impact on operating results; and (iii) cyber security risk, especially in managed services contracts with customers that process personal data. recovery of front-loaded costs incurred on long-term managed services contracts with customers is dependent on the
16
continued viability of such customers. the insolvency of customers could result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program or product, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
we enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event we fail to properly estimate our costs. if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications and require the company to engage subcontractors and can last multiple years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems with our subcontractors or suppliers and other cost overruns, can result in the contract pricing becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us and have an adverse impact on our financial results. in addition, a significant increase in inflation rates could have an adverse impact on the profitability of longer-term contracts.
we utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner could negatively impact our performance obligations as the prime contractor. we engage subcontractors on many of our contracts and as we expand our global solutions and services business, our use of subcontractors has and will continue to increase. our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software. we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor or our subcontractors and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software, and services supplied by our subcontractor. we are not always successful in passing along customer requirements to our subcontractors, and thus in some cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractor. our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs and regulatory compliance issues and could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we have outsourced portions of certain business operations such as repair, distribution, engineering services and information technology services and may outsource additional business operations, which limits our control over these business operations and exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. when we outsource certain business operations, we are not able to directly control these activities. our outsource partners may not prioritize our business over that of their other customers and they may not meet our desired level of service, cost reductions, or other metrics. in some cases, their actions may result in our being found to be in violation of laws or regulations like import or export regulations. as many of our outsource partners operate outside of the u.s., our outsourcing activity exposes us to information security vulnerabilities and increases our global risks. in addition, we are exposed to the financial viability of our outsource partners. once a business activity is outsourced, we may be contractually prohibited from, or may not practically be able to, bring such activity back within the company or move it to another outsource partner. the actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our financial results. additionally, transitioning activities between new or existing outsource partners or across different geographies as well as insourcing activities could result in additional cost, time and management attention in order to effectively manage the transition which could negatively impact our financial results.
failure of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers, and representatives to use acceptable legal or ethical business practices could negatively impact our business. it is our policy to require suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers, and third-party sales representatives ("tpsrs") to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices, environmental compliance, anti-corruption, and trademark and copyright licensing. however, we do not control their labor and other business practices. if one of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers, or tpsrs violates labor or other laws or implements labor or other business practices that are regarded as unethical, the shipment of finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be canceled, relationships could be terminated, and our reputation could be damaged. if one of our suppliers or subcontractors fails to procure necessary license rights to trademarks, copyrights, or patents, legal action could be taken against us that could impact the salability of the company's products and expose us to financial obligations to a third-party. any of these events could have a negative impact on our sales and results of operations.
we rely on third-party dealers, distributors, and resellers to sell many of our products. in addition to our own sales force, we offer our products through a variety of third-party dealers, distributors, and resellers. these third-parties may also market other products that compete with our products. failure of one or more of our dealers, distributors, or resellers to effectively promote our products could affect our ability to bring products to market and have a negative impact on our results of operations. any changes to our channel program may cause some of our third-party dealers, distributors or resellers to exit the program due to modifications to the program structure, thereby reducing our ability to bring products to market and have a negative impact on our results of operations.
some of these third-parties are smaller and more likely to be impacted by a significant decrease in available credit that could result from a weakness in the financial markets. if credit pressures or other financial difficulties result in insolvency for third-
17
party dealers, distributors, or retailers and we are unable to successfully transition end-customers to purchase our products from other third-parties or from us directly, it may cause, and in some cases, has caused, a negative impact on our financial results.
final assembly of certain of our products is performed by third-party electronics manufacturers. we may be dependent on these third-party electronics manufacturers as a sole-source of supply for the manufacture of such products. a failure by such manufacturers to provide manufacturing services to us as we require, or any disruption in such manufacturing services up to and including a catastrophic shut-down, may adversely affect our business results. because we rely on these third-party electronics manufacturers to manufacture our products, we may incur increased business continuity risks. we are not able to exercise direct control over the assembly or related operations of certain of our products. if these third-party manufacturers experience business difficulties or fail to meet our manufacturing needs, then we may be unable to satisfy customer product demands, lose sales, and be unable to maintain customer relationships. longer production lead times may result in shortages of certain products and inadequate inventories during periods of unanticipated higher demand. without such third parties continuing to manufacture our products, we may have no other means of final assembly of certain of our products until we are able to secure the manufacturing capability at another facility or develop an alternative manufacturing facility. this transition could be costly and time consuming.
although we carry business interruption insurance to cover lost sales and profits in an amount that we consider adequate, in the event of supply disruption, this insurance does not cover all possible situations. in addition, the business interruption insurance would not compensate us for the loss of opportunity and potential adverse impact, both short-term and long-term, on relations with our existing customers going forward.
our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of customers. we source some of our components from sole source suppliers. any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our results of operations. our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain in a timely manner an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software from our suppliers. in addition, certain supplies are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. if demand for our products or services increases from our current expectations or if suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of natural disasters or financial issues, we could experience an interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies that could have a negative impact on our business. we have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. credit constraints at our suppliers could cause us to accelerate payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow.
in addition, our current contracts with certain suppliers may be canceled or not extended by such suppliers and, therefore, not afford us with sufficient protection against a reduction or interruption in supplies. moreover, in the event any of these suppliers breach their contracts with us, our legal remedies associated with such a breach may be insufficient to compensate us for any damages it may suffer.
the unfavorable outcome of any pending or future litigation, arbitration, or administrative action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. from time to time we are a party to litigation, arbitration, or administrative actions. our financial results and reputation could be negatively impacted by unfavorable outcomes to any pending or future litigation or administrative actions, including those related to the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, or other anti-corruption laws. there can be no assurances as to the favorable outcome of any litigation or administrative proceedings. in addition, it can be very costly to defend litigation or administrative proceedings and these costs could negatively impact our financial results.
it is important that we are able to obtain many different types of insurance, and if we are not able to obtain insurance or exhaust our coverage, we may be forced to retain the risk. we have many types of insurance coverage and are also self-insured for some risks and obligations. while the cost and availability of most insurance is stable, there are still certain types and levels of insurance that remain difficult to obtain, such as professional liability insurance, which is expensive to obtain for the amount of coverage often requested by certain customers. as we grow our global solutions and services business, we are being asked to obtain higher amounts of professional liability insurance, which could result in higher costs to do business. natural disasters and certain risks arising from securities claims, professional liability, and public liability are potential self-insured events that could negatively impact our financial results. in addition, while we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs from an accident, incident, or claim.
we are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental laws. our operations and the products we manufacture and/or sell are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer,
18
worker safety, and environmental laws and regulations. compliance with such existing or future laws and regulations could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance. some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, remediation, emission and discharge of, and exposure to hazardous substances. these laws often impose liability and can require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault. we continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations. environmental laws have tended to become more stringent over time and any new obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our operations or financial performance.
laws focused on the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories; recycling of both electronic products and packaging; reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products; and the transportation of batteries continue to expand significantly. laws pertaining to accessibility features of electronic products, standardization of connectors and power supplies, the transportation of lithium-ion batteries, and other aspects are also proliferating. there are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as product safety, radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, medical related functionality, and consumer and social mandates pertaining to use of wireless or electronic equipment. these laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions, and services, and on what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include.
these laws impact our products and negatively affect our ability to manufacture and sell products competitively. we expect these trends to continue. in addition, we anticipate that we will see increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to reduction or elimination of certain constituents from products, increasing energy efficiency, and providing additional accessibility.
we could be adversely impacted by changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our businesses, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, asset impairment, business acquisition purchase price allocations, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, tax matters, and litigation and other contingent liabilities are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. new accounting guidance may also require systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs and/or change our financial statements.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our business. as of december 31, 2018, we had $1.6 billion of outstanding debt, gross of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following:
•   we may experience difficulty in satisfying our obligations with respect to our existing indebtedness or future indebtedness;
•   our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes may be impaired;
•   we plan to use a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness, which may reduce the funds available for other purposes, such as acquisitions and capital expenditures;
•   we may be at a competitive disadvantage with reduced flexibility in planning for, or responding to, changing conditions in the industry, including increased competition; and
•   we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in the business.
we expect to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness from cash flow from operations. our ability to meet our expenses and to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness when due depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, and other factors. we will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions in the markets where we operate and pressure from competitors.
if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. in addition, we may not be able to effect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital and debt markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict business operations. the terms of anticipated or future debt instruments may limit or prevent us
19
from taking any of these actions. in addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and/or principal on outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to access additional capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all. our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy the obligations in respect of our indebtedness.
our use of derivative financial instruments to reduce interest rate risk may result in added volatility in our operating results. we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. however, we do utilize derivative financial instruments to reduce interest rate risk associated with our indebtedness. to manage variable interest rate risk, we entered into forward interest rate swap agreements, which will effectively convert a portion of our indebtedness into a fixed rate loan. under generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the fair values of the swap contracts are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations as a component of "other, net" if not hedged. the associated impact on our quarterly operating results is directly related to changes in prevailing interest rates. if interest rates increase, we would have a non-cash gain on the swaps, and vice versa in the event of a decrease in interest rates. consequently, these swaps introduce additional volatility to our operating results.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the company is a global leader respected for innovative eai solutions in the automatic information and data capture solutions industry. we design, manufacture, and sell a broad range of products that capture and move data, including: mobile computers; barcode scanners and imagers; rfid readers; specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification; rtls; related accessories and supplies, such as self-adhesive labels and other consumables; and software utilities and applications. we also provide a full range of services, including maintenance, technical support, and repair, managed and professional services, including cloud-based subscriptions. end-users of our products and services include those in the retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, healthcare, hospitality, warehouse and distribution, energy and utilities, government and education enterprises around the world. benefits of our solutions include improved efficiency and workflow management, increased productivity and asset utilization, real-time, actionable enterprise information, and better customer experiences. we provide our products and services globally through a direct sales force and an extensive network of partners. we provide products and services in over 180 countries, with 109 facilities and approximately 7,400 employees worldwide.
segments the company's operations consist of two reportable segments: asset intelligence & tracking ("ait") and enterprise visibility & mobility ("evm").
asset intelligence & tracking the ait segment is an industry leader in barcode printing and asset tracking technologies. its major product lines include barcode and card printers, supplies, services and location solutions. industries served include retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, healthcare, and other end markets within the following regions: north america; europe, middle east, and africa ("emea"); asia-pacific; and latin america.
enterprise visibility & mobility the evm segment is an industry leader in automatic information and data capture solutions. its major product lines include mobile computing, data capture, rfid, and services. industries served include retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, healthcare, and other end markets within the following regions: north america; emea; asia-pacific; and latin america.
geographic information for the year ended december 31, 2018, the company recorded $4.2 billion of net sales in its consolidated statements of operations, of which approximately 48.4% were attributable to north america; approximately 33.4% were attributable to emea; and other foreign locations accounted for the remaining 18.2%. relative net sales attributable to each region is comparable with the prior year period.
acquisition and integration on august 14, 2018, the company completed its tender offer to acquire all outstanding common stock of xplore for $6.00 per share. in connection with this acquisition, the company paid $87 million in cash, which included $72 million for the net assets acquired, a $9 million payment of xplore debt, as well as $6 million of other xplore transaction-related obligations. the operating results of xplore are included within the company's evm segment beginning august 14, 2018, contributing approximately 1% to our consolidated net sales growth in 2018. the xplore acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and the preliminary opening balance sheet was included in the company's consolidated balance sheet and operating results beginning august 14, 2018.
on october 27, 2014, the company acquired enterprise from msi and began integration activities focused on creating "one zebra". our integration priorities centered on maintaining business continuity while identifying and implementing cost synergies, operating efficiencies, and integration of functional organizations and processes. another key focus of the integration was to exit msi-provided tsas related primarily to it systems and support services. these tsas were an interim measure to continue the operations of the enterprise business without disruption while integration activities were completed. the company substantially completed its integration activities in fiscal year 2017, including the implementation of a common enterprise resource planning system and has exited the last tsas with msi.
restructuring programs in the first quarter 2017, the company's executive leadership approved an initiative to continue the company's efforts to increase operational efficiency (the "productivity plan"). the productivity plan built upon the exit and restructuring initiatives specific to the october 2014 enterprise acquisition (the "acquisition plan"). actions under the productivity plan included organizational design changes, process improvements and automation. the company substantially completed all initiatives
24
under the acquisition plan as of december 31, 2017, and substantially completed all initiatives under the productivity plan as of december 31, 2018. exit and restructuring costs are not included in the operating results of our segments as they do not impact the specific segment measures as reviewed by our chief operating decision maker and therefore are reported as a component of corporate eliminations. see note 18, segment information & geographic data in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
total exit and restructuring charges of $23 million life-to-date specific to the productivity plan have been recorded through december 31, 2018 and include severance and related benefits, lease exit costs and other expenses. charges related to the productivity plan for the year ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $11 million and $12 million, respectively.
total exit and restructuring charges of $69 million life-to-date specific to the acquisition plan have been recorded through december 31, 2018 and include severance and related benefits, lease exit costs and other expenses. charges related to the acquisition plan for the periods ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were $4 million and $19 million, respectively.
see note 8, costs associated with exit and restructuring activities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
impact of u.s. tax reform enacted on december 22, 2017, the tax cut and jobs act ("tcja" or "the act") reduced the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred. based on current operations, the company is subject to the global intangible low-taxed income and the deduction for foreign-derived intangible income provisions (collectively referred to as "gilti") of the act, for which we recorded income tax expense of $10 million in 2018. we are not currently subject to the new limitations which defer u.s. interest deductions in excess of 30% of adjusted taxable income or the base erosion anti-avoidance tax ("beat"). however, the application of the interest limitations and beat regime may apply in the future, depending on changes in the company's business model or the level of taxable income in any given year. additionally, the company is no longer able to deduct performance-based compensation for its covered employees which exceeds the limitation under amended internal revenue code section 162(m). these impacts are included in the calculation of the company's effective tax rate.
during 2017, the company provisionally recognized an income tax expense of $72 million associated with the act, comprised of one-time transition tax of $37 million and $35 million remeasurement of its net u.s. deferred tax assets based on the federal statutory rate of 21%.
during 2018, the company finalized its analysis of the act, including the one-time transition tax and measurement of net deferred tax assets, and recorded a $3 million income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2018 as a result of differences between its final analysis and provisional analysis from the prior year. the final analysis included both federal and state tax effects based on legislative pronouncements through december 31, 2018. the company also utilized a total of $28 million of available net operating losses, research and development credits, alternative minimum tax credits, and foreign tax credits, in order to reduce its future cash payments for the one-time transition tax, resulting in a net liability for the one-time transition tax of $6 million, of which $1 million has been classified as a short term liability and $5 million as a long term liability. the final one-time transition tax installment payment will be made in 2024.
see note 14, income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
25
results of operations: year ended 2018 versus 2017 and year ended 2017 versus 2016
consolidated results of operations
(amounts in millions, except percentages)
year ended december 31,                      percent                      percent change 2018 vs 2017          change 2017 vs 2016
2018                                                 2017                  2016
net sales               $4,218                $3,722                $3,574                  13.3           %              4.1           %
gross profit             1,981                 1,710                 1,642                  15.8           %              4.1           %
operating expenses       1,371                 1,388                 1,562                  (1.2          )%            (11.1          )%
operating income          $610                  $322                   $80                  89.4           %            302.5           %
gross margin              47.0    %             45.9    %             45.9    %
net sales to customers by geographic region were as follows (amounts in millions, except percentages):
year ended december 31,                      percent                     percent change 2018 vs 2017         change 2017 vs 2016
2018                                                              2017                  2016
north america                        $2,041                $1,798                $1,739                  13.5           %             3.4           %
europe, middle east, and africa       1,409                 1,221                 1,138                  15.4           %             7.3           %
asia-pacific                            520                   468                   483                  11.1           %            (3.1          )%
latin america                           248                   235                   214                   5.5           %             9.8           %
total net sales                      $4,218                $3,722                $3,574                  13.3           %             4.1           %
operating expenses are summarized below (amounts in millions, except percentages):
year ended december 31,                           as percentage of net sales
2018                                                                           2017                  2016             2018              2017              2016
selling and marketing                               $483                  $448                  $444            11.5   %          12.0   %          12.4   %
research and development                             444                   389                   376            10.5   %          10.5   %          10.5   %
general and administrative                           328                   301                   307             7.8   %           8.1   %           8.6   %
amortization of intangible assets                     97                   184                   229              nm                nm                nm acquisition and integration costs                      8                    50                   125              nm                nm                nm impairment of goodwill and other intangibles           -                     -                    62              nm                nm                nm exit and restructuring costs                          11                    16                    19              nm                nm                nm total operating expenses                          $1,371                $1,388                $1,562            32.5   %          37.3   %          43.7   %
consolidated organic net sales growth:
year ended december 31,
2018                                                                      2017
reported gaap consolidated net sales growth   13.3   %              4.1      %
adjustments:
impact of foreign currency translation (1)    (1.6   )%            (0.6     )%
impact of xplore acquisition (2)              (0.6   )%               -      %
impact of wireless lan divestiture (3)           -   %              3.2      %
corporate, eliminations (4)                      -   %             (0.2     )%
consolidated organic net sales growth         11.1   %              6.5      %
(1)   operating results reported in u.s. dollars are affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. foreign currency translation impact represents the difference in results that are attributable to fluctuations in the currency exchange rates used to convert the results for businesses where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. this impact is calculated by translating, for certain currencies, the current period results at the currency exchange
26
rates used in the comparable prior year period, rather than the exchange rates in effect during the current period. in addition, we exclude the impact of the company's foreign currency hedging program in both the current and prior year periods.
(2)   for purposes of computing organic net sales, amounts directly attributable to the xplore acquisition (included in our consolidated results beginning august 14, 2018) will be excluded for 12 months following the acquisition date.
(3)   the company sold the wlan business in october 2016. the company excludes the impact of the net sales of this business in 2016 when computing organic net sales growth.
(4)   amounts included in corporate, eliminations consist of purchase accounting adjustments not reported in segments related to the enterprise acquisition.
2018 compared to 2017
net sales increased by $496 million or 13.3% compared with the prior year, reflecting growth across all regions, most notably north america, emea and asia-pacific. the increase in net sales was primarily due to higher sales of mobile computing, barcode printing and data capture products. net sales growth was also positively impacted by currency changes, primarily in the emea region, as well as the inclusion of xplore. consolidated organic net sales growth was 11.1%.
gross margin increased to 47.0% in the current year compared to 45.9% in the prior year. gross margin improvement was driven by higher margins in both the evm and ait segments primarily due to operational efficiencies, favorable business mix as well as favorable foreign currency changes.
operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 were $1.4 billion, or 32.5% and 37.3% of net sales, respectively. as a percentage of net sales, operating costs continue trending favorably primarily due to lower intangible asset amortization expense and acquisition and integration charges. the lower amortization expense results from certain acquired intangible assets becoming fully amortized in 2017. additionally, the company had lower acquisition and integration charges in the current year as the enterprise business integration activities were substantially completed during 2017. current operating costs reflect higher compensation costs, which include the impact of higher incentive-based compensation associated with financial performance, a $13 million pretax charge related to a legal settlement included within general and administrative expense, investments to accelerate organic growth, as well as the inclusion of xplore.
operating income was $610 million for the current year, compared to $322 million for the prior year. the increase was primarily due to higher net sales and gross profit as well as lower operating expenses.
total other expenses, net was $86 million for the current year, compared to $234 million for the prior year. the decrease was primarily due to $81 million reduction of debt extinguishment and modification costs versus the prior year. the current year also benefited from lower outstanding debt and interest rates, a $10 million gain on sale of certain investments, and a $6 million increase in interest rate swap gains.
the company recognized income tax expense of $103 million and $71 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company's effective tax rates were 19.7% and 80.7% as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate in the current year versus the prior year is primarily due to favorable year-over-year impacts of u.s. tax reform, changes in valuation allowances, u.s. impacts of the enterprise acquisition as well as uncertain tax benefits, partially offset by the benefits of net foreign deferred tax asset remeasurements and intercompany asset transfers recorded in the prior year as well as reduced year-over-year favorability of foreign income taxes.
2017 compared to 2016
net sales increased by $148 million or 4.1% compared with the prior year period. the increase in net sales was due to higher hardware sales in north america, emea, and latin america, offset by lower hardware sales in asia-pacific. the increase in hardware sales was largely attributable to increased sales of mobile computing, data capture, and barcode printing products, partially offset by the impact of the divestiture of the wlan business in october 2016. services sales were lower primarily due to the impact of the wlan divestiture. organic net sales growth was 6.5%, reflecting growth in all four geographic regions, most notably in emea, north america, and latin america.
gross margin was 45.9% in both the current and prior year periods. this reflects an increase in gross margin in the evm segment primarily due to changes in business mix and operational efficiencies, offset by lower ait segment gross margin driven primarily by higher overhead and service costs, as well as increased customer sales incentives.
operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were $1.4 billion, or 37.3% of net sales, and $1.6 billion, or 43.7% of net sales, respectively. the reduction in operating expenses was primarily due to impairment charges related to the disposal of the company's wlan business in the prior year, lower acquisition and integration costs, and lower amortization of intangible assets. during 2017, the company substantially completed its integration activities, including the implementation of
27
a common enterprise resource planning system, associated with the enterprise acquisition. the company also exited the transition service agreements with msi. the decrease in amortization of intangible assets was due to certain assets reaching full amortization in 2017. exit and restructuring costs were also lower than the prior year due to the prior year including costs associated with the divestiture of the wlan business. research and development costs were higher primarily due to increased incentive compensation expense associated with improved financial performance, partially offset by the impact of the divestiture of the wlan business. general and administrative expenses were lower compared to the prior year due primarily to reduced facility and it expenses, professional fees, and employee benefit costs, as well as the impact of the divestiture of the wlan business being offset partially by increased incentive compensation expense associated with improved financial performance.
operating income increased $242 million compared to the prior year. the increase was primarily due to the decline in operating expenses as well as the increase in net sales and gross profit.
total other expenses, net was $234 million for the current year, compared to $209 million for the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by $65 million of payments for early extinguishment and $16 million of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs related to the redemption of $1.1 billion senior notes in the current year, partially offset by the impact of early repayments of debt and lower interest rates as well as lower long-term investment impairment charges in the current year.
the company recognized income tax expense of $71 million and $8 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the company's effective tax rates were 80.7% and (6.2)% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. the increase in income tax expense in 2017 was primarily due to improvement in pre-tax operating results as well as the one-time unfavorable impacts of u.s. tax reform, and unfavorable changes in valuation allowances as well as uncertain tax benefits, which were partially offset by the benefits of net foreign deferred tax asset remeasurements and intercompany asset transfers in 2017 as well as favorability of foreign income taxes.
results of operations by segment the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the financial results of each operating business segment as detailed in note 18, segment information & geographic data in the notes to consolidated financial statements. segment results exclude purchase accounting adjustments, amortization of intangible assets, acquisition and integration costs, impairment of goodwill and intangibles, and exit and restructuring costs. segment results reflect a current year revision to the company's operating cost allocation methodologies which more accurately reflects where costs are being incurred. the effect of this revision on prior periods resulted in $14 million and $41 million of operating expenses being reclassified from ait to evm for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
asset intelligence & tracking segment ("ait")
(amounts in millions, except percentages)
year ended december 31,           percentchange 2018 vs 2017                     percent change 2017 vs 2016
2018                                                 2017                  2016
net sales               $1,423                $1,311                $1,247                       8.5               %             5.1           %
gross profit               710                   640                   620                      10.9               %             3.2           %
operating expenses         385                   366                   339                       5.2               %             8.0           %
operating income          $325                  $274                  $281                      18.6               %            (2.5          )%
gross margin              49.9    %             48.8    %             49.7    %
ait organic net sales growth:
december 31,
2018                                                                2017
ait reported gaap net sales growth             8.5   %          5.1    %
adjustments:
impact of foreign currency translations (1)   (1.5   )%        (0.5   )%
ait organic net sales growth                   7.0   %          4.6    %
(1)   operating results reported in u.s. dollars are affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. foreign currency translation impact represents the difference in results that are attributable to fluctuations in the currency exchange rates used to convert the results for businesses where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. this impact is calculated by
28
translating, for certain currencies, the current period results at the currency exchange rates used in the comparable prior year period, rather than the exchange rates in effect during the current period. in addition, we exclude the impact of the company's foreign currency hedging program in both the current and prior year periods.
2018 compared to 2017
net sales for ait increased $112 million or 8.5% compared to the prior year. the increase in net sales was primarily due to higher sales of barcode printing products being partially offset by declines in card printer sales. barcode printer growth was broad based across all major product lines and led by north america, asia-pacific, and emea regions. net sales growth was also positively impacted by currency changes, primarily in the emea region. ait organic net sales growth for the year ended december 31, 2018 was 7.0%.
gross margin increased to 49.9% in the current year compared to 48.8% for the prior year. the increase was primarily driven by favorable product mix, operational efficiencies and the favorable impact of currency changes.
operating income for the current period increased 18.6% primarily due to higher net sales and gross profit partially offset by higher operating expenses.
2017 compared to 2016
ait net sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $64 million or 5.1% compared to the prior year. the increase in net sales was largely driven by higher sales of barcode and card printers, primarily in the emea and asia-pacific regions. sales of supplies and services were also higher than the prior year. the year-on-year growth also reflects a price concession to distributors of barcode printer products imported into china in the third quarter of 2016. during 2017, no additional price concession provisions were required and a reduction of the 2016 provision was recorded due to a change in import classification for barcode printers. ait organic net sales growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 4.6%.
gross margin was 48.8% compared to 49.7% for comparable prior year. the decrease in gross margin reflects higher overhead costs, including freight and costs associated with our regional distribution center transitions, higher services costs and increased customer sales incentives, offset partially by lower provisions for price concessions to distributors of barcode printer products imported into china.
operating income decreased 2.5% as higher net sales and gross profit were more than offset by higher operating expenses.
enterprise visibility & mobility segment ("evm")
(amounts in millions, except percentages)
year ended december 31,           percentchange 2018 vs 2017                      percent change 2017 vs 2016
2018                                                 2017                  2016
net sales               $2,795                $2,414                $2,337                      15.8               %              3.3           %
gross profit             1,274                 1,073                 1,032                      18.7               %              4.0           %
operating expenses         870                   772                   787                      12.7               %             (1.9          )%
operating income          $404                  $301                  $245                      34.2               %             22.9           %
gross margin              45.6    %             44.4    %             44.2    %
evm organic net sales growth:
december 31,
2018                                                               2017
evm reported gaap net sales growth           15.8   %          3.3    %
adjustments:
impact of foreign currency translation (1)   (1.6   )%        (0.7   )%
impact of xplore acquisition (2)             (0.8   )%           -    %
impact of wireless lan divestiture (3)          -   %          4.9    %
evm organic net sales growth                 13.4   %          7.5    %
(1)   operating results reported in u.s. dollars are affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. foreign currency translation impact represents the difference in results that are attributable to fluctuations in the
29
currency exchange rates used to convert the results for businesses where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar. this impact is calculated by translating, for certain currencies, the current period results at the currency exchange rates used in the comparable prior year period, rather than the exchange rates in effect during the current period. in addition, we exclude the impact of the company's foreign currency hedging program in both the current and prior year periods.
(2)   for purposes of computing organic net sales, amounts directly attributable to the xplore acquisition (included in our consolidated results beginning august 14, 2018) will be excluded for 12 months following the acquisition date.
(3)   the company sold the wlan business in october 2016. the company excludes the impact of the net sales of this business in 2016 when computing organic net sales growth.
2018 compared to 2017
net sales for evm increased $381 million or 15.8% compared to the prior year. the increase in net sales was primarily attributable to strong global sales of mobile computing and data capture products, most notably in north america, emea and asia-pacific regions. net sales growth was also positively impacted by currency changes, primarily in the emea region, as well as the inclusion of xplore. evm organic net sales growth was 13.4%.
gross margin increased to 45.6% in the current year as compared to 44.4% in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to favorable product mix, operational efficiencies, and the positive impact of currency changes.
operating income for the current year increased 34.2% due to higher net sales and gross profit that were partially offset by higher operating expenses.
2017 compared to 2016
evm net sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $77 million or 3.3% compared to prior year. the increase in net sales was primarily driven by higher sales of mobile computing and data capture products, primarily in the north america and emea regions, partially offset by impact of the divestiture of the wlan business in october 2016. evm organic net sales growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 7.5%.
gross margin for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 44.4% compared to 44.2% in the prior year. the increase in gross margin primarily reflects changes in product mix and improvements in hardware product costs.
operating income increased 22.9% primarily as a result of higher net sales and gross profit as well as lower operating expenses.
critical accounting policies and estimates management prepared the consolidated financial statements of the company under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the application of these principles requires the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions which affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. we believe that our estimates, judgments, and assumptions are reasonable based upon available information. our more significant estimates and assumptions include those related to the measurement and recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, development of reporting unit fair values as part of our annual goodwill impairment testing, and the allocation of transaction price to performance obligations in certain revenue transactions. see note 2, significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these as well as other accounting policies.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see note 2, significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources the primary factors that influence our liquidity include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of our revenues, cash collections from our customers, cash payments to our suppliers, capital expenditures, repatriation of foreign cash and investments, and acquisitions of third-parties. management believes that our existing capital resources and funds generated from operations are sufficient to meet anticipated capital requirements and service our indebtedness. the following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the years indicated (in millions):
30
year ended december 31,
2018                                                       2017                             2016
cash flow (used in) provided by:
operating activities                           $785                $478                $380
investing activities                           (137    )            (51    )            (39    )
financing activities                           (661    )           (517    )           (384    )
effect of exchange rates on cash balances        (5    )             (4    )              7
net decrease in cash and cash equivalents      $(18    )           $(94    )           $(36    )
the change in our cash and cash equivalents balance is reflective of the following:
2018 vs. 2017
cash flows from operations increased by $307 million during 2018 to $785 million. the increase was primarily due to higher net income, favorable changes in accounts payable due primarily to timing of payments and extension of contractual payment terms, lower cash payments for interest, and commencement of our receivables factoring program. these were partially offset by unfavorable timing of accounts receivable collections.
the increase in net cash used in investing activities was driven by the acquisition of xplore and higher capital expenditures.
net cash used in financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2018 consisted primarily of net debt repayments of $657 million compared to $454 million during the year ended december 31, 2017. the net debt repayment activities in 2017 also included $65 million of debt extinguishment costs associated with the full redemption of $1.1 billion in debt obligations.
2017 vs. 2016
cash flows from operations increased $98 million during 2017 to $478 million. this improvement was driven by an increase in net earnings of $154 million, partially offset by a decline in working capital primarily related to higher inventory levels and lower accounts payable. net inventory increased primarily as a result of growth in the business and changes in product mix, an increased backlog level compared to the prior year, and our recent transition to a new distribution model for our european operations. in addition, the prior year working capital benefited from the successful renegotiation of longer payment terms with vendors.
net cash used in the purchase of property, plant and equipment declined $27 million as compared to the prior year, as capital expenditures related to the enterprise acquisition integration were substantially completed in 2016. the prior year investing activities also included net cash proceeds of $39 million related to the sale of the wlan business.
net cash used in financing activities increased by $133 million during 2017 to $517 million. the increase was primarily due to higher net debt repayments in 2017 as well as $65 million of debt extinguishment costs associated with the full redemption of $1.1 billion in debt obligations.
company debt the following table shows the carrying value of the company's debt (in millions):
december 31,
2018                                                                   2017
term loan a                                    $608                $679
term loan b                                     445               1,160
revolving credit facility                       408                 275
receivables financing facility                  139                 135
total debt                                    1,600               2,249
less: debt issuance costs                        (5   )              (7   )
less: unamortized discounts                      (4   )             (15   )
less: current portion of long-term debt        (157   )             (51   )
total long-term debt                         $1,434              $2,176
credit facilities
31
the company's debt includes borrowings under term loan a, term loan b and a multi-currency revolving credit facility, all maturing in 2021. borrowings under each instrument bear interest at a variable rate for which the company has entered into interest rate swap contracts to manage interest rate exposure. all borrowings under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2018 were denominated in u.s. dollars, except for €92 million under the revolving credit facility that was borrowed in euros. the average interest rates as of december 31, 2018 for term loan a, term loan b, and the revolving credit facility were 3.84%, 4.09% and 3.26%, respectively. the company is required to prepay certain amounts in the event of certain circumstances or transactions. the company may make prepayments against the term loans, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty.
receivables financing facility in december 2017, the company entered into a receivables financing facility with a financial institution that has a borrowing limit of up to $180 million which matures on november 29, 2019. as collateral, the company pledges a perfected first-priority security interest in its domestically originated accounts receivables. borrowings bear interest at a variable rate and are accounted for as secured borrowings. as of december 31, 2018, the receivables financing facility had an average interest rate of 3.36% and the company's consolidated balance sheets included $459 million of receivables that were pledged, of which $139 million had been borrowed against and reflected as a component of the current portion of long-term debt on the company's consolidated balance sheets. all borrowings under the receivable financing facility were denominated in u.s. dollars.
both the revolving credit facility and receivables financing facility include terms and conditions that limit the incurrence of additional borrowings and require that certain financial ratios be maintained at designated levels. as of december 31, 2018, the company was in compliance with all debt covenants.
see note 11, long-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details.
receivables factoring in addition to the company's borrowing arrangements described above, the company entered into a receivables factoring arrangement in december 2018 in order to provide additional liquidity and improve working capital. under the receivables factoring arrangement, the company sells certain emea-originated receivables to a bank in exchange for cash without maintaining a beneficial interest in the receivables sold. at any time, the bank's purchase of eligible receivables is subject to a maximum of $90 million of uncollected receivables. transactions under the receivables factoring arrangement are accounted for as sales under asc 860, transfers and servicing of financial assets with related cash flows reflected in operating cash flows. as of december 31, 2018, $33 million of uncollected receivables were sold and removed from the company's consolidated balance sheet.
cash and cash equivalents included in the company's cash and cash equivalents are amounts held by foreign subsidiaries. the company had $39 million and $54 million of foreign cash and cash equivalents included in the company's total cash positions of $44 million and $62 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
historically, significant portions of our cash inflows were generated by our operations. we currently expect this trend to continue throughout 2019. we believe that our existing cash and investments, borrowings available under our revolving credit facility and receivables financing facility and funds available from our receivables factoring arrangement, combined with cash flows expected from operations will be sufficient to meet expected operating and investing activities as well as debt repayment obligation requirements for the next 12 months.
contractual obligations zebra's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018 were as follows (in millions):
payments due by period total             less than 1year             1-3 years       3-5 years             more than 5years operating lease obligations(1)            $153                     $34                     $52             $30                   $37
deferred compensation liability(2)          17                       1                       1         1                     14
debt principal payments                  1,600                     157                   1,443             -                     -
interest payments(3)                       160                      64                      96             -                     -
purchase obligations(4)                    392                     392                       -             -                     -
total                                   $2,322                    $648                  $1,592             $31                   $51
32
(1)   includes leases of facilities, distribution centers, and sales and administrative offices that are classified as operating leases. the contractual obligations above include future minimum payments, including payments for those periods where renewal options are reasonably certain to be exercised.
(2)   these payments relate to obligations under our deferred compensation plan. the deferred compensation plan allows certain members of management and other highly-compensated employees to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation. the amount in "more than 5 years" represents the remaining total balance under the deferred compensation plan to be paid to participants who have not terminated employment, since we cannot estimate the timings of those terminations and withdrawals.
(3)   payments related to variable interest or interest rate swap agreements are based on applicable rates as of december 31, 2018 plus the specified margin were applicable in the associated agreements for each period presented.
(4)   purchase obligations are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational requirements, primarily raw materials and finished goods. purchase obligations included in the table above are based on quarterly forecasted component and manufacturing requirements and typically provide for fulfillment within agreed upon lead-times and/or commercially standard lead-times for products.
uncertain tax benefits of $50 million have been excluded from the above table; of which $20 million is expected to be settled in the next twelve months and is reflected as a current liability as of december 31, 2018. the remainder is reflected within other long-term liabilities as we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authority. see note 14, income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information.
33
