Danaher’s MD&A discloses that in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic the company “activated its business continuity plans,” continues to “assess and update those plans on an ongoing basis,” has “modified certain of [its] business practices,” and “developed and is implementing return-to-workplace protocols” designed to safeguard its workforce, customers and business partners, reflecting its ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning under extreme and varied conditions. Management reports that it “actively monitors the pandemic” and has taken, and intends to continue taking, steps “to identify and seek to mitigate the adverse impacts on … employees, customers, business partners, manufacturing capabilities and capacity, and supply and distribution channels,” while deploying its capabilities and scale to support COVID-19 vaccine, therapeutic and testing efforts. The company highlights that its “geographic and industry diversity, as well as the range of its products and services, help limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country” on consolidated results and that individual businesses “monitor key competitors and customers … to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future.” It describes making “significant investments, organically and through acquisitions and investments, to address the rapid pace of technological change … and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources … in order to be responsive … and improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.” Operating profit performance “benefited from incremental year-over-year cost savings associated with continuing productivity improvement initiatives,” including the application of the Danaher Business System, which drive improved cost efficiencies and operational flexibility. The company also employs derivative financial instruments to manage foreign exchange and interest rate risks and maintains diversified funding sources—commercial paper programs and a $5.0 billion five-year credit facility—asserting that “operating cash flow, cash on hand and other sources of liquidity will be sufficient” to fund capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends, debt service and other requirements under nominal, extreme or exceptional conditions, thereby preserving its integrity and performance despite adversity.