Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We host our applications and serve our clients from data centers that we operate and from data centers operated by third-party vendors. If any of our or our third-party vendors' data centers fail or become disabled, even for a limited period of time, our businesses could be disrupted and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to invest significant additional resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is intense, and if we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated personnel, results of our operations may suffer. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $2.8 billion. We continue to make investments in our sales force and are pleased with the operational improvements of our organization, our ability to continuously innovate and offer new and exciting products to our clients, and the ability of our service organization to support these new services and strategic platforms. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, the ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. Our robust and diverse product offerings are the result of our continued investment in product innovation and service. We believe upgrading our clients from legacy platforms is an important aspect of our long-term strategy, giving our clients our most innovative and seamless products. Our implementation team's ability to implement our services as well as our sales force's ability to sell to clients and prospects drove revenue growth. We are seeing strong retention on our strategic platforms.