The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. The company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. The company's access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions and the general availability of credit to the financial services industry. The company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect the company's businesses or result in losses. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as the changes in the company's businesses and the markets in which it operates. The company's operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including epidemics, pandemics, and other acts of violence. Claims resulting from such events could cause substantial volatility in the company's financial results and could materially reduce its profitability or harm its financial condition. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge the company's complex integrated environment. The company's success is dependent on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes. The company also faces risks related to litigation, which could adversely affect the company due to the costs of defending these cases or changes in its operations resulting from litigation. The company is subject to extensive regulation and changes in legislation that can impact profitability and growth. The company seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports. The company has a substantial concentration of investments in Japan and is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate. The company's investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. The company has engaged in certain foreign currency hedging activities to mitigate exposure to the foreign exchange risk from U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The company has also taken significant actions to limit sales of certain first sector products, focusing instead on less interest-sensitive third sector products. The company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, and other distribution partners is critical to its sales success. The company believes that its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution will support its objectives. The company anticipates that the need for its products remains strong, and it continues to work on enhancing its distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes.