An overall economic downturn, as well as unstable economic conditions in the countries and regions in which we operate, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Economic conditions that result in financial difficulties for underwriting enterprises or lead to reduced risk-taking capital capacity could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our substantial operations outside the U.S. expose us to risk even when economic activity is strong in the U.S. Adverse geopolitical or economic conditions may temporarily or permanently disrupt our operations in these countries or create difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may also be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based upon flat fees rather than variable commission rates. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. Our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technology changes is crucial for maintaining operational flexibility. Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation, and impact client relationships. Our disaster recovery procedures may not be effective, and insurance may not continue to be available at reasonable prices. We rely on information technology and third-party vendors to support our business activities, and cybersecurity breaches may result in reputational harm, loss of clients and revenue, and regulatory actions. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel. The loss of our chief executive officer or any of our other senior managers, brokers, or other key personnel could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, and the insurance brokerage and employee benefit consulting businesses are highly competitive. We believe that the primary factors determining our competitive position with other organizations in our industry are the quality of the services we render, the personalized attention we provide, and our ability to help our clients manage their overall insurance costs. Our reputation is one of our key assets, and negative perceptions regarding our level of service, ability to protect client information, and trustworthiness could damage our reputation. We have historically acquired large numbers of insurance brokers, benefit consulting firms, and claim and risk management firms. Our acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth, and we believe that similar acquisition activity will be important to maintaining comparable growth in the future. The failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions could result in slower growth. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, discriminatory or confiscatory taxation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. Our activities are also subject to a variety of other laws, rules, and regulations addressing licensing, data privacy, wage-and-hour standards, employment and labor relations, anti-competition, anti-corruption, and currency. The global nature of our operations increases the complexity and cost of compliance with laws and regulations, including increased staffing needs and the development of new policies, procedures, and internal controls.