We are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those arising from catastrophic events such as earthquakes, severe weather, and other disruptions that could cause operating results to vary significantly. Our catastrophe management strategy may adversely affect premium growth due to catastrophe risk management efforts. We have historically financed the settlement of catastrophes from operating cash flows, and our liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, which could result in extraordinary losses or a downgrade of our debt or financial strength ratings. The incidence and severity of weather conditions are largely unpredictable, and our property and casualty results may be adversely affected due to limitations in the analytical models used to assess and predict exposure to catastrophe losses. We utilize models developed by third-party vendors as well as our own historic data in assessing our property insurance exposure to catastrophe losses, but actual catastrophic events vary considerably, leading to limitations in the models' usefulness in predicting losses. Our catastrophe management strategy is designed to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business and to reduce variability of earnings while providing protection to our customers. We anticipate completing the placement of our nationwide catastrophe reinsurance program, which is intended to address our exposure to catastrophes resulting from multiple perils. The nature and level of catastrophes cannot be reliably predicted, and the estimation of claims reserves for catastrophe losses involves estimating losses from reported claims and incurred but not reported claims. We regularly measure, monitor, and report on significant risks, including insurance, financial, investment, operational, and strategic risks, through our enterprise risk and return management governance practices. Our risk appetite is integrated into planning through our economic capital framework, which defines the overall framework for managing market and other investment risks. We strive to build strategic value and optimize risk and return while protecting solvency and complying with laws. Our operational risk management addresses loss as a result of the failure of people, processes, systems, and culture, and includes risks related to cybersecurity, data quality, and disaster recovery. We continually enhance our cyber and information security to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to unauthorized access attempts. We have established a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security that may be other-than-temporarily impaired, which includes assessing whether management has made the decision to sell or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Our reserve estimates for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expenses are subject to uncertainties, and we regularly reevaluate these estimates based on emerging trends and actual experience. We utilize various actuarial estimation methods to develop reserve estimates, and our claims settlement initiatives contribute to mitigating the effects of claim severity trends. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, and we believe our net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies and facts.