This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our business is subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We believe the oncology care model has impacted utilization of certain of our oncology products by participating physician practices and may continue to do so in the future. Significant disruptions or production failures at our facilities could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. The critical manufacturing areas of our commercial manufacturing facility were not significantly impacted by Hurricane Maria, and we have resumed our full manufacturing operations. However, a substantial disruption in our ability to operate our Puerto Rico manufacturing facility could materially and adversely affect our ability to supply our products and affect our product sales. We have continued to provide an uninterrupted supply of medicines for patients around the world while responding to natural disasters and investing for the future. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. We have made investments in next-generation biomanufacturing that build on our expertise in human biology and protein manufacturing, which dramatically reduces the scale and costs of making biologics while retaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time in order to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. We expect to face competition in the United States, which has had, and will continue to have, a material adverse impact on sales of our products. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. If the efficient manufacture and supply of our products or product candidates is interrupted, we may experience delayed shipments, delays in our clinical trials, supply constraints, stock-outs, adverse event trends, contract disputes, and/or recalls of our products. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit patients and conduct clinical trials on our behalf in accordance with applicable study protocols, laws, and regulations. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are also involved in legal proceedings that are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.