A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers or consolidations that reduce the number of wireless service providers, zoning and other government regulations, and the financial condition of wireless service providers. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We may experience increased churn if a tenant terminates its business or sells its spectrum. Our business is subject to government and tax regulations, and changes in these laws could restrict our ability to operate. Our operations are subject to various environmental and occupational safety laws, and noncompliance could result in significant costs. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities, and failures in these systems could lead to interruptions in our operations. Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, which may impact our ability to provide services and lead to tenant loss. We maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters and cybersecurity, but this may not cover all associated costs. The public perception of health risks from radio emissions could slow the growth of wireless companies, which may adversely affect our business. We may also be liable under environmental laws, and changes in these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our expansion initiatives involve risks related to integrating acquired assets, which could disrupt operations or expose us to additional risk. We depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants, and if they experience financial difficulties, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable. Our international operations expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends on maintaining recurring revenue and increasing the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with our debt covenants. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operations and borrow funds under our credit facilities. We may need to raise additional capital through debt financing or asset sales, and if we cannot do so, it could adversely affect our ability to fund capital expenditures and satisfy our distribution requirements. The loss of significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We evaluate acquisitions to determine whether to treat them as asset acquisitions or business combinations, and the fair value of acquired assets is determined using estimates of future cash flows. Our revenue recognition practices involve assessing the collectibility of tenant revenue, and we actively monitor the creditworthiness of our tenants. We are subject to certain federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, and changes in tax laws could impact our financial condition. We must distribute a significant portion of our taxable income to maintain our REIT status, which may limit our ability to reinvest in our business.