Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. Slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. We are exposed to risks associated with industries representing a significant portion of our billed business, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations, and alliances of our partners. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be negatively impacted. Our relationships with key business partners are very competitive, and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships or that they will remain profitable. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The management of multiple third-party vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over third-party service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions, or economic and reputational harm to us. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. Our business is sensitive to safety concerns related to travel and tourism, limitations on travel and mobility, and health-related risks. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information and cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, and physical or electronic break-ins. If our information technology systems experience a significant disruption or breach, it could lead to the loss of data or data integrity, regulatory investigations and intervention, increased litigation, remediation and response costs, and reputational and financial damage to our brand. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, and reputational risk. We consider operational risk to be the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error, or the external environment. Our operational risk framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect and enhance controls to mitigate future issues.