Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The semiconductor and electronics industries are cyclical and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, which requires us to adapt to complex physics and manufacturing challenges. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price, particularly if economic conditions deteriorate or if industry revenues do not grow. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments and satisfy industry standards to maintain our competitive advantage. The trend toward customer consolidation in the semiconductor industry could increase the portion of our total sales concentration for any single customer, which may exert increased pressure on our prices and contract terms. Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. We must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments. Our inability to respond quickly and successfully to these trends may result in a loss of competitive position. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Changes in hardware and IP bookings or deliveries relative to expectations will have a more immediate impact on our revenue. Our future revenue growth and expansion of our business depend on our successful integration of acquisitions and our ability to address the technical requirements in technology segments expected to contribute to our growth. We must continue to invest a significant amount of time and resources in our research and development efforts to maintain and improve our competitive position. Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts, and abilities of our senior management and other key employees. Competition for highly skilled personnel can be intense, particularly in high technology centers. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components makes us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. We depend on our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain them may make us less competitive. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations, such as cyber hacking or natural disasters, could significantly interfere with our business operations. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods due to the rapid changes in our customers' industries. Our investments in research and development may involve significant time, risks, and uncertainties, including the risk that the expenses associated with these investments may affect our margins and operating results. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Our ability to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing market conditions is essential for our organizational resilience.