If we are not able to successfully complete the integration of our business with that of legacy TWC and legacy Bright House, the anticipated benefits of the transactions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. The integration process could result in the loss of customers, the disruption of our ongoing businesses, or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs, and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Management continues to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the integration process, which involves significant capital expenditures and the expansion of certain operations and operating and financial systems. Even if the new businesses are successfully integrated, it may not be possible to realize the benefits that are expected to result from the transactions, or realize these benefits within the time frame that is expected. The attention of certain members of our management and resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt the business of the combined company. We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our ability to gain new video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of our customers, and their financial ability to purchase our products. If there were a general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased. Our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited, and if we are unable to meet service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. We are subject to risks inherent in our commercial business, and we may encounter unforeseen difficulties as we increase the scale of our service offerings to businesses. The increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our products and services but also advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position and our business and results of operations. We depend on a limited number of third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide some of our services. Any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation, and financial condition. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, and both unsuccessful and successful cyber attacks pose increasing risks. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters, and similar events. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We could be exposed to significant costs if risks related to information security were to materialize, which could damage our reputation, credibility, and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. The risk described above may be increased during the period in which we are integrating our people, processes, and systems as a result of the transactions.