As a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. Future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively, which includes driving value creation in targeted areas of business growth and pursuing additional opportunities to expand our capabilities. Successfully executing these initiatives depends on our ability to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, develop and introduce new and innovative products, and manage uncertainties associated with the mix and volume of business. The current competitive, economic and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges, which necessitates making important decisions quickly and implementing new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly. We face price competition and other pressures that could result in premiums insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our customers. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is key to our strategic focus, particularly as we transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. Our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices, and ongoing reductions in amounts payable to providers could exacerbate the cost shift to private payors. We must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of our global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, which requires effective change management processes and internal controls to address changes in our business and operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate risks and manage challenges, including those arising from varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and demands. We are exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations, including political, legal, operational, regulatory, and economic risks that could negatively affect our multinational operations and long-term growth. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems and data integrity, and failures in these systems could cause operational disruptions that may impact our clients and customers. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, and protect against cybersecurity risks. Our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to, and maintain the uninterrupted operation of our information technology and other business systems is critical to our continued success. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. Our business depends on our ability to perform necessary functions efficiently and uninterruptedly, and any interruptions or failures could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.