Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility in the U.S. equity markets. However, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties, which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lack of available capital. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers, intermediaries, and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk, and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability, and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions which occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, or similar occurrences. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party providers do not operate properly, are compromised, or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected if we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy. We depend on a number of suppliers for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware, and software. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, including revenues derived from our customers' trading activity.