Item 1A. Risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. A sustained slowdown or significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Our separate section above, "Cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements. Many of our on- and off-highway markets are cyclical in nature and experience volatility in demand throughout these cycles. Although in 2017 we experienced demand growth in most of our North American and Chinese on-highway markets and certain off-highway markets as well as growth in many of our international markets, if the North American or Chinese markets suffer a significant downturn or if a slower pace of economic growth and weaker demand in our other significant international markets were to occur, depending upon the length, duration and severity of the slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows would likely be materially adversely affected. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, for planned introduction into certain existing and new markets. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to these planned products. Furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own electrified or alternate fuel powertrains, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face significant competition in the markets we serve. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. We primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, electrification and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long-standing relationships with participants in these markets. Our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements, and the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the U.S. Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations.