Our value proposition principles, namely to maintain financial strength, grow our distributions and pursue disciplined growth, remain essentially unchanged. However, we took steps to improve our competitiveness and resilience by establishing clear priorities for cash allocation. In order, the cash allocation priorities are: invest capital at a level that maintains flat production volumes and pays our existing dividend; grow our existing dividend; reduce debt to a level we believe is sufficient to maintain a strong investment grade rating through price cycles; repurchase shares to provide value to our shareholders; and strategically invest capital to grow our cash from operations. We believe that our commitment to our value proposition positions the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We are managing our business to optimize and deliver on our value propositions and cash priorities in a demanding business environment. The ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, and environment and operational performance. Our sustainability efforts focused on implementing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable, and responsive to common questions. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight. Our operations may also be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions, or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process, or transport our production. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. We have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of which has had a material effect on our business, operations, or reputation. We believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, share repurchases, dividend payments, and required debt payments. Our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations. We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, we bear all expenses incurred by our operations, and our funds generated by operations, after deducting these expenses, may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions to our stockholders. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.