The healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs and government spending, which may cause healthcare industry participants to reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes and fewer generic pharmaceutical launches. We are subject to the risk of changes in various federal and state laws, which include operating and security standards. Compliance with these and other chain of custody and pharmaceutical compounding requirements will increase our costs and could adversely affect our results of operations. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with WBA may not be realized, and achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to significant challenges and uncertainties, including potential disruptions of our plans and operations. If the operations of WBA are seriously disrupted for any reason, it could adversely affect our business and our sales and profitability. We have sophisticated systems in place to detect and report suspicious orders, and while we are vigorously defending ourselves in lawsuits, the allegations may negatively affect our business in various ways, including through increased costs and harm to our reputation. Our ability to successfully manage and execute business optimization initiatives is important to our business success, and the reorganization and other initiatives could yield unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, and reduced employee productivity. The impact of declining reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals and other economic factors may adversely affect our business. Our pharmaceutical distribution services segment is subject to various risks, including competition and industry consolidation, which may erode our profit and lead to greater pressure to reduce prices for our products and services. We expect continued government and private payor pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. Changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability. Our operations and performance depend on economic conditions, and deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers. We may face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with various regulations, which could lead to significant costs and negatively impact our business. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Our organizational structure has been redesigned to further align the organization to its customer needs in a more seamless and unified way, while supporting corporate strategy, accelerating growth, and improving efficiency. However, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated benefits of these changes. Our financial goals assume a level of productivity improvement from our business optimization initiatives, and our ability to manage these initiatives effectively is crucial for maintaining operational flexibility and organizational resilience.