The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. Disruptions in our merchandise distribution could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. Unforeseen disruptions in operations due to catastrophic events, labor issues, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our businesses. A failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our businesses. Any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making significant technology investments to improve or replace critical information systems and processing capabilities. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace would be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our ability to control costs is paramount to our financial performance. Our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising, and administrative personnel. Failure to identify and implement a succession plan for key senior management could negatively impact the business. We also face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The retail business is highly competitive, and our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets, and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses, and disruptions in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, including the remaining undistributed earnings of our Canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely.