Our business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize. We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues, and the loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Furthermore, we anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices and the need to localize our product offerings. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. The ultimate effects of Brexit on us will depend on the terms of agreements that the U.K. and the European Union make to retain access to each other's respective markets. We face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the U.S. market. Our business in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. has been established and grown based largely on our ability to build relationships with insurance carriers. As we expand into markets outside the U.S., we cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. We have transitioned various functionality of our previously planned third-party enterprise operating system to an internally developed proprietary system, and we may experience difficulties operating our business as we work to develop and design this system. The ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carry certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays, or deficiencies. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. As our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, we must continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by our customers through improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for enhanced products, services, features, and functionality. Any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to slow delivery times, unreliable service levels, or insufficient capacity. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident. However, we cannot provide assurances that our efforts to address prior data security incidents and mitigate against the risk of future data security incidents or system failures will be successful. Our operations and acquisitions in certain foreign areas expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable regulatory requirements. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities but also on our ability to hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel. Our inability to control or manage these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months.