Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are a result of numerous factors, including changes in demand for our products and services, particularly due to changes in the global economic environment. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers presents additional pressures. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas, and if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our operating results may be harmed. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments is critical, especially during periods of global credit market disruption. The global macroeconomic environment has been challenging and inconsistent, with instability in the global credit markets and geopolitical uncertainties potentially impacting our business. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets, and impairment of that trust could adversely affect our operating results. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns that can increase costs and complicate revenue predictions. Our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog, which could lead to variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. We have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, contributing to an increase in purchase commitments. However, increases in our purchase commitments could lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if demand does not meet expectations. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend on timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers, and we may experience shortages due to manufacturing issues or capacity problems. We face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained, and our reliance on a complex supply chain could adversely impact our business. Our business substantially depends upon the continued growth of the internet and internet-based systems, and any slowdown in capital spending on internet infrastructure could materially harm our operating results. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions, which involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating operations and potential loss of key employees. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change and competition, which could adversely affect our achievement of revenue growth. We must manage our inventory effectively, as excess inventory may harm our gross margins. Our strategic initiatives and investments are designed to enable increased use of the network as a platform for delivering IT-based products and services. We are focused on maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions to ensure organizational resilience. Our restructuring activities may be disruptive to our business, and we expect to reinvest substantially all cost savings from these actions in key priority areas. Our ability to forecast and manage our operational resources effectively is essential for maintaining organizational health and achieving our major objectives.