Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, affecting upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital and exploratory expenditure programs. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as part of its business planning process, and the scope of Chevron's business will decline if it does not successfully develop resources. Creating and maintaining an inventory of projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop, and produce hydrocarbons, drilling success, reservoir optimization, and the ability to bring long-lead-time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule. The company has exposure to cyber incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to its critical data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. Cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability, ultimately having a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. Consideration of greenhouse gas issues and responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional, or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company's strategy and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management tools and processes. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain, as the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance, as significant estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and experience and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty.