The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict and involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. Severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, and other natural disasters can disrupt operations and cause service outages, production delays, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in global climate may produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events, which could adversely affect operations. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject them to monetary penalties. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment, and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. The companies may not complete facility construction or other infrastructure projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project if completed. The development, construction, and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. The companies are currently simultaneously developing, constructing, or commissioning several major projects, which together contribute to significant capital expenditures planned through 2022. The advancement of the companies' ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation, or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose energy infrastructure projects. The companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. The companies' operations are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Unplanned outages of the companies' facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the companies' business. The companies' businesses are dependent upon their ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' strategy is to continue focusing on regulated and long-term contracted businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The companies' operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow dividends. The companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues, which could negatively affect their operations. The companies' ability to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce is critical for their operations.