Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The current economic and regulatory environment could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could result in slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue from our core direct banking business. Our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict. We continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our international network business and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, we may be unable to grow our international network business. Our ability to remain organizationally effective is critical to addressing the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. To remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements. If our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses. Our ability to manage our liquidity risk is essential to our operational continuity and overall financial condition. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including the supervisory priorities and actions of the federal reserve, the fdic and the cfpb, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. Regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to limit, exit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. The long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. Our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk is critical to our organizational resilience.