For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. Economic conditions can also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute entertainment offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. We must often invest substantial amounts in film production, broadcast and cable programming, and theme park attractions before we learn the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. If our entertainment offerings do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue may decline or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate when making investment decisions. Changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products, or the cost of producing or distributing products. The media entertainment and internet businesses increasingly depend on our ability to adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. In order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and from time to time implement changes to our business models, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products, particularly our theme parks and resorts, is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, which can be significantly adversely affected by various factors beyond our control. An incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. Moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents reduce the profitability of our operations. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. External events including changing technology, changing consumer patterns, and changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. We also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion and new business lines. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control.