Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. We are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. If any of these events are linked to the use by our customers of any of our products, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. While we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We cannot assure you those steps will lead to additional sales growth. Failure to achieve any of our goals regarding growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales growth. Our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated, and the loss of key suppliers could be disruptive. We believe we have a competitive advantage due to our local branch presence and distribution strength. However, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending business with highly competitive platforms of their own. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise and identify future products that respond to our customers' needs. Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs and the successful execution of our growth drivers. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. In the event of vacancies in our executive team, the extent of disruption will depend on our ability to transition internal individuals or recruit suitable replacements. Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations, and compliance increases the cost of doing business. We may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. A downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. Our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs. Our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our branch network is integral to our overall business strategy. Severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products and disrupt our distribution system. We believe we have a significant opportunity for growth based on our belief that North American market demand for the products we sell is estimated to exceed $140 billion per year. Our growth in inventory balances over time does not have a direct relationship to our monthly sales patterns. Our operational working capital reflects changes in accounts receivable and inventories. We anticipate funding our capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations and from our borrowing capacity. We cannot guarantee that our market potential estimates are accurate or that we will ultimately decide to expand our business strategies to reach the full market opportunity. Changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials could impact our net sales and operating income. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and changes in foreign exchange rates could increase our costs to procure products and impact our foreign sales.