We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients and their customers. Any unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar act could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. Operational failures could harm our business and reputation. An operational failure could be caused by our actions or the actions of third parties, and could involve networks and systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and over which we have limited or no control. Interruptions of service could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits or other liabilities. A significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. The traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, lending, investment and risk management products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. Regulatory conditions and cybersecurity scrutiny have continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. These conditions, along with mild economic improvement, have created heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate incremental revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. Our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We expect to acquire businesses when we identify a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; or a way to achieve business scale. We may not be able to integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. The failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.