An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability, and quality of commodities and subsystems. Our revenue is concentrated with the U.S. government, which involves specific risks associated with funding levels driven by threats to national security and competing demands for federal funds. Decreases in U.S. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation or priorities could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed, or terminated, impacting our financial performance. U.S. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception, and any funding is subject to disruption or delay, which can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. Our contracts are subject to termination rights by the customer, and the termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to audit by the U.S. government, which can result in delayed payments or contractor costs not being reimbursed. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to proprietary information. We maintain information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risks to our information systems and conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate evolving threats. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet customer needs. We must hire and retain skilled personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers, and if we are unable to develop new products that meet changing needs or satisfy regulatory requirements in a timely manner, our future revenue and earnings may be adversely affected. We face some uncertainty in our business environment due to a variety of challenges, including changes in defense spending and unforeseen circumstances that could adversely affect the value of our goodwill or intangible assets. Our long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to military funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. We emphasize effective program execution and the flexibility and agility to respond to changing circumstances in our business environment, looking for opportunities to drive cost reduction. Our total backlog represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts, and we evaluate the amount of funding we expect to receive to include in our estimated potential contract value. The actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties, and whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved and market conditions following the acquisition. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials or perform services in a timely manner.