We believe that the automotive industry will experience significant and continued change in the coming years. It is strategically significant that we lead the technological disruption occurring in our industry. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Producing new and improved vehicle models competitively and preserving our reputation for designing, building and selling safe high-quality cars and trucks is critical to our long-term profitability. Our success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. We must successfully address and reduce the costs associated with the manufacture and sale of electric vehicles. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. A number of economic and market conditions drive changes in vehicle sales, including real estate values, levels of unemployment, availability of affordable financing, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence, political unrest, and global economic conditions. Our significant business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, and regulatory risks. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins, and challenges to gain or hold market share. In addition to increased competition, Chinese regulators have announced aggressive policy initiatives and quotas for the sale of electric vehicles. We may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements that are unique to the Chinese market. These actions may increase the cost of doing business in China and reduce our profitability. A significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. Our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic, and regulatory risks. Any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory quantities. As a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials, and parts on time to meet our production schedules. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely. We are continuing to implement a number of operating effectiveness initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. Our future competitiveness depends upon our continued success in implementing these initiatives throughout our operations. We expect that manufacturers will continue to be subject to increased scrutiny from regulators globally. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and other factors.