The facilities maintenance industry is highly competitive, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and services. To remain competitive, the company must be willing and able to respond to market pressures, including pricing, delivery, and services. These pressures could have a material effect on Grainger's sales and profitability. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. A disruption within Grainger's logistics or supply chain network, including damage, destruction, extreme weather, and other events, could adversely affect Grainger's ability to obtain or deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products, and result in lost sales or damage to Grainger's reputation. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy, and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems. However, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, and other problems. If critical information systems fail or become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption could also subject Grainger to additional costs. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers, and employees. While Grainger has instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, the company has experienced and expects to continue to experience attempts to breach its information systems. A cybersecurity incident could disrupt operations and expose Grainger to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, and others, which could have a material adverse effect on Grainger's financial condition and results of operations. Grainger's ability to adapt to changes in customer or product mix could cause the gross margin percentage to decline. Changes in customer and product mix result primarily from business acquisitions, changes in customer demand, and competition. Grainger's continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, and any incident could erode trust and confidence, leading to adverse effects on Grainger's business. Grainger is subject to various domestic and foreign laws, regulations, and standards, and failure to comply could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. The company has implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, but there can be no assurance that employees will not violate such laws or Grainger's policies. Any such failure could materially adversely affect Grainger's financial condition and results of operations. Grainger's ability to foresee and confront sudden disruptive changes is essential for its survival and growth, and the company must continue to leverage its organizational capabilities and strategic initiatives to maintain operational continuity and resilience in a volatile business environment.