If any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations. Our high degree of leverage could have important consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, the terms of which may not be favorable to us. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then current global economic and financial conditions. Our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers. The health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. If any of our hospitals achieve poor results on quality measures or on patient satisfaction surveys, our patient volumes could decline. We may encounter difficulty acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses, encounter challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses and become liable for unknown or contingent liabilities as a result of acquisitions. We may be unable to attract, hire, and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, including key management. The talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, or failure to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team, could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Our operations could be impaired by a failure of our information systems. The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts and natural disasters. A cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of a facility, confidential data or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to patients, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, or other common law theories, subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. We have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations. Our facilities are heavily concentrated in Florida and Texas, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states. Our business activities could be harmed by a particularly active hurricane season or even a single storm, and the property insurance we obtain may not be adequate to cover losses from future hurricanes or other natural disasters. We may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in the market values of securities and interest rate changes. Our ability to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness is critical for our operational continuity and resilience in the face of economic pressures.