Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near and long term. Macroeconomic and industry risks may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services. The operating results of our aerospace business are directly tied to cyclical industry and economic conditions, as well as changes in customer buying patterns. Operating results could also be impacted by changes in overall trends related to end market demand for the product portfolio, as well as new entrants and non-traditional players entering the market. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution of the planned initiatives, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. A material disruption of our operations, particularly at our manufacturing facilities or within our information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, equipment failures, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, and continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution to identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. Our ability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. We believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs. Our available cash, committed credit lines, and access to the public debt and equity markets provide additional sources of liquidity to fund current operations, debt maturities, and future investment opportunities.