The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for its products or services. The company needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced employees and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, and while there has not been a cybersecurity attack that has had a material adverse effect on the company to date, there is no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future. The fast-paced, evolving, pervasive, and sophisticated nature of certain cyber threats and vulnerabilities, as well as the scale and complexity of the business and infrastructure, make it possible that certain threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack. Cyber attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations, and competitive position. The company depends on skilled employees, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled employees. Changing demographics and labor workforce trends may result in a loss of or insufficient knowledge and skills. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company is involved in various ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters, and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. Legal and compliance risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, may arise from time to time. The company's ability to manage its business operations is dependent upon its ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations.