The strategic investments we have made in data-rich markets like memory, programmable solutions, and autonomous driving are starting to pay off and are becoming an increasingly larger portion of our business. We achieved record revenue in 2017 and strong operating income growth and bottom line results. Our growth was primarily driven by our data-centric businesses, while our PC-centric business exceeded our expectations and continues to be a source of profit, cash flow, scale, and intellectual property. We are making progress toward our goal to have annual R&D and marketing, general and administrative expenses be 30% of revenue by 2020, and are now expecting to meet this goal by 2019. Our assessment has identified a change in revenue recognition timing on our component sales made to distributors. We expect to recognize revenue when we deliver to the distributor rather than deferring recognition until the distributor sells the components. We expect the revenue deferral, historically recognized in the following period, to be offset by the acceleration of revenue recognition as control of the product transfers to our customer. Our assessment has also identified a change in expense recognition timing related to payments we make to our customers for distinct services they perform as part of cooperative advertising programs, which were previously recorded as operating expenses. We expect to recognize the expense for cooperative advertising in the period the marketing activities occur. We have completed our assessment and implemented policies, processes, and controls to support the standard's measurement and disclosure requirements. We believe that the net accounts receivable balances from our three largest customers do not represent a significant credit risk, based on cash flow forecasts, balance sheet analysis, and past collection experience. We assess credit risk through quantitative and qualitative analysis. From this analysis, we establish shipping and credit limits, and determine whether we will seek to use one or more credit support protection devices, such as obtaining a parent guarantee, standby letter of credit, or credit insurance. Our operations and our financial results, including our ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop, or sell products, may be adversely affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including global and regional economic conditions, geopolitical and security issues, natural disasters, public health issues, and other catastrophic events. We maintain business recovery plans that are intended to enable us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can be disruptive to our business. However, some of our systems are not fully redundant, and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing process technology. Our strategy is significantly dependent upon the timely advancement of Moore's Law and we are continually engaged in the development of next-generation process technologies. Our operations have high costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to utilization of existing facilities, facility construction and equipment, R&D, and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. If product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. We face significant competition in the development and market acceptance of our products in this environment. If we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or become obsolete.