Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which require us to devote significant resources. If we are not able to develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers, or effectively utilize our customers' data, our revenues may be harmed. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during peak periods where we derive a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. Any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service during peak periods could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, and increased operating costs. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. Our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults, and in the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. Although we benefit from the strong brand recognition and large user base of these distribution platforms to attract new customers, the platform owners have wide discretion to change the pricing structure, terms of service, and other policies with respect to us and other developers. If we are unable to develop, manage, and maintain critical third-party business relationships, our business may be adversely affected.