The company's businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe, and downturns in the markets served by the company could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations, or financial condition. The global nature of the company's operations subjects it to political and economic risks that could adversely affect its business, results of operations, or financial condition. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other risks associated with managing and expanding its international businesses, the risks could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, or financial condition. The company's decentralized operating structure allows its individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents, or business partners that might violate laws, including anti-bribery, competition, export and import, and environmental laws. The realization of liabilities or deficiencies may increase the company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position, or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development, production, or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues and adversely affect the company's competitive position. The company's acquisition of businesses could negatively impact its profitability and returns, and acquisitions involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, managerial, and operational challenges that could adversely affect the company's profitability and returns. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results. The company's continued ability to meet its cash requirements requires substantial liquidity and access to the financial markets. The company's strong financial results demonstrate the combination of its high-quality business portfolio with continued focus on leveraging its differentiated business model. The company prioritizes high-quality revenue growth, and its primary growth focus is organic, leveraging its business model to deliver consistent high-quality growth in an increasingly volatile and competitive global market environment. The company has made considerable progress in executing its enterprise strategy, which is focused on delivering differentiated performance on a sustained basis, with consistent above-market organic growth. The company believes that solid and consistent above-market organic growth must be the core growth engine to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders. The company has established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability, delivering an average reduction in spend each year. The company has demonstrated superior management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns. The company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services adapted to each business's customers and end markets. The company has significant opportunity for further improvement and remains committed to its strategic principles that best position it to deliver continued differentiated performance.