The company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the company's control. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. The company has experienced significant challenges to patents covering its largest product, which could result in a reduction in sales. Global sales may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures, which are influenced by the purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. The company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in substantial expenses and reputational damage. Product reliability, safety, and effectiveness concerns can lead to litigation and cause reputational damage, resulting in safety alerts, product recalls, and governmental investigations. The company has ceased purchasing third-party product liability insurance due to cost and availability factors. The company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of tax audits and disputes, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves. The company may not be able to successfully secure and defend intellectual property rights essential to its businesses, which are materially important to its results of operations. The company faces substantial competition in all operating segments and geographic markets, which could adversely affect its earnings. The company’s continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers. Development of successful products requires significant investment of resources over many years, and only a few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations, and legal action, which can lead to fines, penalties, product recalls, and litigation. The company faces various risks associated with conducting business internationally, including financial, economic, and political risks, as well as compliance with local regulations. Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the company's business, sales, and reputation. The company continually assesses information security threats and invests to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities. The company is committed to blending heart, science, and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The company’s purpose is to ensure health for people today and for future generations, and it leverages extensive resources across the enterprise to innovate and execute with excellence. The company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly and strives to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs and productivity improvements. The company is aware of the economic conditions that present significant challenges and continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. The company’s operations in highly inflationary economies require it to maintain profitability through various strategies. The company’s ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for its survival, growth, and flourishing in a complex and competitive landscape.