In addition to regulatory and other required approvals, the closing of the transaction is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived, including the performance in all material respects by the parties of obligations imposed under the merger agreement. The ability of Keurig and DPS to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction will depend, to a large extent, on KDP's ability to combine Keurig's and DPS' businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and realizes anticipated synergies. The overall combination of Keurig's and DPS' businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer and other business relationships, and diversion of management attention. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures, and business cultures, as well as difficulties in assimilating employees and in attracting and retaining key personnel. Uncertainty about the effect of the transaction on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on DPS, Keurig, or KDP following the transaction. Retention and motivation of certain employees may be challenging during the pendency of the transaction due to uncertainty about their future roles and difficulty of integration. If key employees depart because of issues related to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with KDP, KDP's business following the transaction could be negatively impacted. The merger agreement restricts DPS from making certain acquisitions and investments and imposes certain other restrictions on the conduct of each party's business until the transaction occurs without the consent of Keurig. These restrictions may prevent DPS from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the transaction. The combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process, which may disrupt the businesses. The failure to meet the challenges involved in combining the two businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of KDP and could adversely affect the results of operations of KDP. The materialization of any of these risks could materially and adversely impact ongoing business. The businesses of DPS and Keurig will be subject to business uncertainties and certain operating restrictions until consummation of the transaction. A disruption in production at any of the manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on the business. The uncertainty surrounding the transaction may lead to a reduction in sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. The company may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors. If the transaction is not consummated for any reason, DPS may be subjected to a number of material risks, including negative reactions from stockholders, customers, and employees. The company believes that its integrated business model strengthens its route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of brand ownership and manufacturing and distribution businesses. The company is subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations that apply to many aspects of its business, including the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation, advertising, and sale of products. Changes in regulations or imposed taxes may reduce consumer demand for products or could cause the company to raise prices, both of which could have a material adverse effect on profitability and negatively affect business performance.