Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products that we handle. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. A variety of factors outside of our control, such as difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way or other regulatory approvals, have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in our construction projects. These factors can be exacerbated by public opposition to our projects. Inclement weather, natural disasters, and delays in performance by third-party contractors have also resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased costs or delays in construction. Significant cost overruns or delays, or our inability to obtain a required permit or right-of-way, could have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of operations, and cash flows, and could result in project cancellations or limit our ability to pursue other growth opportunities. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation that delivers the products we handle into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities, or other factors. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in several industries, including the oil and gas industry, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. Our ability to service our consolidated debt, and our ability to meet our consolidated leverage targets, will depend upon our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation, or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle. Our business requires the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties recruiting and retaining our workforce could result in a failure to implement our business plans. We must obtain and maintain the rights to construct and operate pipelines on other owners' land, including private landowners, railroads, public utilities, and others. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to pipeline integrity. The ultimate costs of compliance with the integrity management rules are difficult to predict. The results of these tests could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of our pipelines. Climate change and related regulation could result in significantly increased operating and capital costs for us and could reduce demand for our products and services. The adoption of any such laws or regulations could increase our costs to operate and maintain our facilities and could require us to install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances for our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions, and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. We believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, but we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.