We seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. Given the size and complexity of our programs, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of oversight and budgeting processes. Our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations, and our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts. The U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. We have a computer incident response team which has among its responsibilities defending against cyber threats. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats, and if we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes. Our enterprise risk management program includes threat detection and cyber security mitigation plans. We must rely on the safeguards put in place by entities we do not control, which may affect the security of our information. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation-states. We face a number of challenges that may affect personnel retention, such as our endeavors to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services. We must manage leadership development and succession planning throughout our business. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel, or transfer knowledge, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings that could result in fines, penalties, or non-monetary sanctions. Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental protection laws and regulations. We have an ongoing, comprehensive sustainability program to reduce the effects of our operations on the environment. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. We also have contracts with customers that do not include termination for convenience provisions, including contracts with commercial customers. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control.
We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under U.S. government cost accounting standards, which we refer to as CAS pension cost. We recover CAS pension cost through the pricing of our products and services on U.S. government contracts and, therefore, the CAS pension cost is recognized in each of our business segments' net sales and cost of sales. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in September 2017. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, our revolving credit facility or the ability to issue commercial paper and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. We will make contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, including required and discretionary contributions. We expect a FAS/CAS pension adjustment in 2018 of about $1.0 billion, as compared to $876 million in 2017, due to higher 2018 CAS pension costs as compared to 2017. Our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other matters, net of state income taxes, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.5 billion in both 2017 and 2016. We perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and recent efforts by some U.S. government representatives to limit such reimbursement.