The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities, which are concentrated in just a few locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, terrorist activities, and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees with the appropriate skills, experiences, and competencies. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers, or third parties. All of these information systems are subject to disruption, breach, or failure from sources including but not limited to attacks, degradation, and failures. Our financial results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. We are subject to various risks related to new, different, inconsistent, or conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next 12 months. However, uncertainty in the global economy and the semiconductor industry, as well as disruptions in credit markets, have in the past, and could in the future, impact customer demand for our products.