We are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services. Economic downturns could impact our financial results and growth. Weak economic conditions in one or more parts of the world, changes in oil prices and currency values, potential disruptions in the U.S. economy, and political instability could have a negative impact on the lodging industry. Our future financial results and growth could be further harmed or constrained if these conditions worsen. The continued diversion of resources and management's attention to the integration of Starwood could adversely affect our day-to-day business. While the integration is well underway, it places a significant burden on our management and internal resources. Disruptions of each legacy company's ongoing businesses, processes, and systems could adversely affect the combined company. Our lodging operations are subject to global, regional, and national conditions. Changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. Our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic and political environment in each of our operating regions and any future incidents or changes in those regions. We are increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. Compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations, and government policies may impact our operations. The growing significance of our operations outside of the U.S. makes us increasingly susceptible to these challenges. Our compliance programs may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. We are also subject to trade sanctions that could adversely affect our business. We may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, lost sales, and disruption of access to our websites and reservation systems. Our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to various risks associated with real estate investments. Our development activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. We cannot assure you that our investments through partnerships or joint ventures will be successful despite these risks. Our business could suffer if we cannot keep pace with developments in technology. A failure to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation systems could adversely affect our performance and results. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans. We expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business. Our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company.