The company’s success depends on its system's ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and trends in food sourcing, food preparation, food offerings, and consumer preferences. To deliver a relevant experience for customers amidst a highly competitive, value-driven operating environment, the company must implement initiatives to adapt at an aggressive pace. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to long-term success. By leveraging the system, the company is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continually builds on its competitive advantages of system alignment and geographic diversification to deliver consistent, yet locally relevant restaurant experiences to customers as an integral part of their communities. The company’s current momentum is broad-based throughout the system, and its recent performance demonstrates that it has completed the transition from turnaround to growth. The company is targeting the tremendous opportunity at the core of its business—its food, value, and customer experience. The strategy is built on sustainable platforms that enable execution of the plan with greater speed, efficiency, and impact while remaining focused on the fundamentals of running great restaurants. The company continues to build upon its investments in the experience of the future, focusing on restaurant modernization and technology to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand in the eyes of the customer. The modernization efforts are designed to drive incremental customer visits and higher average check. The company is enhancing the overall customer experience with hospitable, friendly service and ever-improving convenience for customers on their terms. The transition to a more heavily franchised business model is benefiting the company's performance, as the rent and royalty income received from franchisees provides a more predictable and stable revenue stream with significantly lower operating costs and risks. This includes a less general and administrative and capital-intensive structure as franchisees are responsible for supporting and reinvesting in their businesses. The company’s velocity growth plan also includes embedding certain social and environmental issues into the core of its business, which highlights its commitment to global priorities that are consistent with its strategic priorities. The company believes it is important for customers to feel good about visiting its restaurants and eating its food to continue to drive each of the pillars within its strategy. The company has plans to raise consumer awareness of the enhanced convenience available with delivery and mobile order and pay through thoughtful marketing campaigns that aim to increase the number of customers enjoying these expanded options to engage with the brand. The company expects to achieve net annual general and administrative savings and an incremental cash flow benefit as a result of tax reforms. The company’s ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively is due to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls, and substantial property holdings. The company’s operations are subject to various risks, including economic conditions, supply chain interruptions, and regulatory complexities, which could adversely affect its performance. The company’s ability to effectively manage these risks is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and achieving its strategic objectives.