We operate in a highly competitive industry, and if we do not effectively respond to challenges from our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. Competitor and customer pressures may require that we reduce our prices, which could restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. Failure to effectively and timely assess, change, and set proper pricing or effective trade incentives may negatively impact our operating results and achievement of our strategic and financial goals. We are pursuing a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we do not achieve these objectives or do not implement transformation in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with various laws and regulations, currency devaluations, and changes in local regulations that could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. Unanticipated business disruptions could adversely affect our ability to provide our products to our customers. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as weather, natural disasters, and political unrest, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers' operations. If we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers, which could negatively affect the quality and safety of our products. We must hire, retain, and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. Unplanned turnover or failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We face increased personnel-related risks in connection with implementing changes in our operating model and business processes, including building a global shared services capability and reconfiguring our supply chain. These risks could lead to operational challenges and could materially and adversely affect our reputation, ability to meet the needs of our customers, product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which may have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. Our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, significant changes in trade policies, and changes to regulatory restrictions. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and enhanced training to protect our systems and data. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. We are also subject to various legal and regulatory restrictions that may limit our brand renovation and innovation plans. The need for us to coordinate with various third-party service providers might make it more challenging to resolve related issues. We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends to secure ingredients and packaging required for production. We address higher commodity costs primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. Our financial performance and access to capital markets may be limited by weak financial performance, downgrades in credit ratings, and volatile global economic conditions.