The company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements, and the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. As we continue our international expansion, TCCC's distribution network will continue its role as our preferred distribution partner globally. We derive virtually all of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our focus is in the energy drink category, and our business is vulnerable to adverse changes impacting the energy drink category and business, which could adversely impact our business and the trading price of our common stock. Competitive pressures in the energy drink category could impact our revenues, cause price erosion and/or lower market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The company, in several markets, owns multiple potentially competing brands in the energy drink category. Although we continue to integrate the strategic brands with our broader energy drink portfolio, we may encounter difficulties managing different and potentially competing brands in such shared markets, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our continued expansion outside of the United States exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets. Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets, and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer. We cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they may have on our customers or business, as our expansion outside of the United States has increased our exposure to any developments or crisis in African, Asian, European, and other international markets. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive beverage industry and to achieve our business growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to develop new flavors, products, and packaging. The success of our innovation, in turn, depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, our business, financial condition, and results of operation could be adversely affected. We must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of taste, quality, and price, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. We recognize that obesity is a complex and serious public health problem. Our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages within our energy drink product line. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety.