The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates, and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including product liability and consumer protection claims. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation; however, it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Significant federal, state, and local governmental actions may continue to have an adverse impact on our tobacco subsidiaries' businesses and sales volumes. These actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels. Our tobacco businesses face significant competition within their categories, and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Altria Group, Inc. may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions. Each of our tobacco and wine subsidiaries is subject to intense competition and changes in adult consumer preferences. To be successful, they must continue to promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new and evolving adult consumer preferences, and improve productivity. Altria Group, Inc.'s subsidiaries may face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber threats. Failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, operational disruptions, legal challenges, and significant remediation costs. Altria Group, Inc. may be required to write down intangible assets due to impairment, which would reduce earnings. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in Altria Group, Inc.'s consolidated results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. The adequacy of Altria Group, Inc.'s grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions. Supply shortages related to these factors could increase production costs and wine prices, which may have a negative impact on sales.