Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. For example, pipelines provide a nearly-exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. In such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability, and cash flows of the impacted refinery. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which due to cyber-security threats or other risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans and continuously provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber-attacks to help ensure we are protected against cyber risks and security breaches. Our operations are influenced by various external pressures, including political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions, which could materially and adversely impact our business. We have mature systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, such as floods and hurricane-force winds, and potential chronic physical risks, such as higher ocean levels. If any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. Specifically, where appropriate, we are hardening and modernizing assets against flood and wind damage and ensuring we have resiliency measures in place, such as storm-specific readiness plans. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. Our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation, and use of carbon-based fuels. However, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence and protests of environmental and other special interest groups. The construction of new pipelines or the expansion of existing ones involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, and legal uncertainties, most of which are beyond our control. Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement, and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. Our financial results and operating statistics reflect the results of markwest from the date of the markwest merger. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing, speedway, and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and ngls from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. We believe that our strong operational capabilities and strategic initiatives will enhance our resilience in the face of environmental perturbations and market volatility.