The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and also is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks, but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company operates in multiple jurisdictions and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company is also remediating environmental contamination resulting from past industrial activity at certain of its sites and takes an active role in identifying and accruing for these costs. The company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation that is expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet the long-term obligation of each plan, given an acceptable level of risk. The company continually monitors its legal defense costs and reviews the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if it believes it would be appropriate to do so. The company has a strong financial profile that enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy.