We are dependent on third parties to supply data and software for our products and are reliant on certain vendors to distribute our data. A refusal by a key vendor to distribute our data or any loss of key outside suppliers could impair our ability to provide our clients with the data, products, or services they desire. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. Our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients may be materially adversely affected by failures, disruptions, or instability. While we have implemented disaster recovery and business continuity plans, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully in the future or that our plans will be effective in mitigating the risks associated with particular events. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the functionality provided by data or software that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively. Our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or if the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology platform and electronic delivery systems to seamlessly provide clients with products and customer service. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, and cyber-terrorism could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our business is also subject to unanticipated costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational, and other risks as a result of our international operations. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal, and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with prior expansion. Our growth strategy includes creating broad and innovative research-driven content, expanding our client base, developing flexible and scalable technology, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions. We monitor our use of third-party data and software products to comply with applicable licensing requirements, and our business could be adversely affected if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls. Changes in laws, rules, or regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or benefits, and violations of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, requiring us to record substantial write-downs. We believe that our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund our transactions and achieve our planned growth. Our revenues are characterized by recurring subscription, asset-based fees, and non-recurring revenues, and we focus on revenue and profit growth to manage the business. We must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage transitions and product integrations to remain competitive and generate customer demand. Our aggregate retention rate is important because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. The actual amount of recurring revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ from run rate for numerous reasons, including fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales and modifications, cancellations, and non-renewals of existing client contracts.