Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, and our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with AI. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our ability to use data effectively may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and the Windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. Our success depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. We must ensure our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, and if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with our investments. The competitive pressures we face may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and increased operating costs, which may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks, and a disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, or other catastrophic event could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. We maintain an extensive partner and retail network, and the impact of economic conditions on our partners could cause sales channel disruption. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. The success of these transactions will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones.