We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. Global economic and political conditions continue to be challenging for many of our government and commercial markets, as economic growth in many countries has remained low or declined. The inability of our customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds could have a negative impact on our financial results. Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases. If political instability continues in certain markets, it could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and operate in those locations. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information. While we employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, we cannot guarantee that all threat attempts will be successfully thwarted. Our company outsources certain business operations, which exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. Any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between Motorola Solutions and the outsourced supplier may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components from our suppliers. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. Our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business. We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations, and our systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources. If our systems are damaged, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions. We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses, which introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. We have a number of employees, contractors, representatives, and agents in regions where political conflicts could negatively impact demand for our products and services. We face many risks relating to intellectual property rights, and our business will be harmed if we, our customers, or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third parties. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of our customers. We may not be able to engage third parties with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, which could negatively impact our business.