Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may experience significant volatility in our average selling prices, which may adversely affect our business. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have greater resources to invest in technology and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our competitors generally seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, and reduce die size in their product designs, which may result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future, which is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to service our debt payment obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies, which face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies, which are subject to various risks, including difficulties in transferring technology and ramping production. A significant concentration of our net sales are to a select number of customers, and a disruption in our relationship with any of these customers could adversely affect our business. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent on successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications, which increases our reliance upon those customers. Products that fail to meet specifications or contain defects could impose significant costs on us. We maintain a system of controls over our intellectual property, but our ability to protect it is subject to various risks. We manufacture products using complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment, and disruptions in our manufacturing process could materially adversely affect our business. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and difficulties in obtaining such equipment could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business, as adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences that could disrupt operations. Our operations are subject to the oversight of the Japan court during the pendency of the corporate reorganization proceedings, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. We may incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, which could include loss of production output and disruptions in our operations. Breaches of our security systems could expose us to losses, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates could materially adversely affect our financial condition. We face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, including compliance with various laws and regulations. We are subject to counterparty default risks, which could limit our ability to mitigate exposure. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs.