The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the U.S. and Europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders, and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. Our industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. The liberalization and globalization of world markets have resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets, and more competition. Regulatory changes have facilitated the entry of new participants in the European Union that compete with our European markets. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms and the adoption of new technologies. However, we cannot guarantee that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. We have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. We depend on the availability of adequate capital to maintain and develop our business. Limited access to capital or credit in the future could have an impact on our ability to refinance debt, maintain our credit rating, meet our regulatory capital requirements, engage in strategic initiatives, make acquisitions, or react to changing economic and business conditions. We operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines, and enforcement proceedings if we fail to comply with regulatory obligations. Our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit, and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond. We have business continuity plans for critical business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. However, any interruption in our critical business functions could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. We have methods to identify, assess, monitor, and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by Nasdaq's global risk management committee. However, these methods may not be fully effective. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. Our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays. We must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected.