The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating, and environmental matters could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. Railroads are subject to commercial regulation which has jurisdiction over rates, routes, customer access provisions, and conditions of service. Additional economic regulation could have a significant negative impact on our ability to determine prices for rail services and on the efficiency of our operations. We may be affected by general economic conditions, and prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. We may face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our ability to provide rail service depends on maintaining collaborative relationships with connecting carriers, and deterioration in these relationships could result in our inability to meet customer demands. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations, and significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems could result in operational difficulties. Severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures, and we may be affected by terrorism or war, which could cause significant business interruption. We may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. The state of capital markets could adversely affect our liquidity, and significant instability or disruptions could restrict or eliminate our access to financing sources. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions and hazardous materials, and the risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad business. We have obtained insurance for potential losses; however, insurance may not continue to be available or may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. The variability inherent in our operations could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We regularly review our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. We utilize analyses to select discount rates that match the payment streams of benefits in our plans. The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation, and any material changes to current litigation trends could have a material adverse effect on us. We have reached agreements covering wages and work rules with labor unions, and negotiations with other coalitions are ongoing. We manage overall exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, and we consider it unlikely that interest rate fluctuations will result in a material adverse effect on our financial position.