In order to grow, we need to continue to acquire investment properties. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties, which may result in a higher cost for properties we wish to purchase. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent, or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants, oversupply of space, declines in our tenants' creditworthiness, defaults by tenants, economic decline of the areas where the properties are located, and deterioration of the physical condition of our properties. Any tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition, potentially resulting in delays in lease commencement or failures to make rental payments. A significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. The occurrence of tenant bankruptcy could diminish the income we receive from the tenant's lease or leases, and we may be required to reduce the rent payable under those leases or provide other concessions, reducing amounts we receive. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and jurisdictions outside the United States, which may include limited experience in managing certain types of new properties and the laws and culture of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. We may face unknown environmental liabilities, and the presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell that property. Our properties are generally required to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and compliance with these requirements could require removal of access barriers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, and other unexpected events may negatively affect our operations and the market price of our capital stock. We rely on information technology networks and systems to manage various business processes, and any material failure or security breach could harm our business. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets and will adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our business operations, and we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors, including prevailing interest rates and the financial condition of our tenants. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to make required payments on our debt. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness.