Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. The volatility of natural gas, crude oil, and NGL prices could affect adversely our earnings and cash flows. Market volatility and capital availability could affect adversely our business, as our ability to grow is dependent, in part, upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. Economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the crude oil and natural gas industry, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. Increased competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on our business, as our ability to compete depends on a number of factors, including competition from other companies for our existing customers and the efficiency, quality, and reliability of the services we provide. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, which could affect materially and adversely our business. We may not be able to develop and execute growth projects and acquire new assets, which could result in reduced dividends to our shareholders. Our ability to maintain and grow our dividends paid to our shareholders depends on the growth of our existing businesses and strategic acquisitions. We are subject to risks associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation, and distribution pipelines, storage facilities, and processing and fractionation plants. Our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with these activities, including leaks, pipeline ruptures, and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, and floods. The mechanical integrity of facilities operated is critical, and our reliance on others to operate joint-venture assets and to provide other services could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our established risk-management policies and procedures may not be effective, and employees may violate our risk-management policies. We have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and our audit committee to assist us in managing risks associated with our business segments. We are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, and firm transportation commitments. However, derivative instruments do not eliminate the risks. Our operations are also subject to environmental regulations that may impose significant costs and liabilities. We are subject to multiple federal, state, local, and/or tribal historical preservation and environmental laws and/or regulations that affect many aspects of our present and future operations. The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. We cannot assure that existing environmental statutes and regulations will not be revised or that new regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to us. Our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us may be impacted by changes in credit ratings or market conditions. Our credit ratings may be affected by a material change in our financial ratios or a material event affecting our business and industry. We may face opposition to the construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups, which could lead to interruptions in our operations. Our reliance on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses may subject us to increased risks, including cybersecurity threats that could disrupt operations.