The company is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers, and suppliers. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties, and operating environments. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The company believes that its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates, contributing to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. A decrease in these credit ratings could negatively impact the company's ability to access capital markets at competitive interest rates and the company's ability to maintain liquidity and financial stability. The company is investing in new truck models, integrated powertrains, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. The company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company conducts business in certain countries that have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain, and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company maintains protections to guard against disruptions in information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components. The company is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. The company has line of credit arrangements of $3.52 billion, of which $3.31 billion were unused at December 31, 2017. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company’s financial services segment is exposed to credit risk, arising from the failure of a customer, dealer, or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases, and derivative contracts with the company. The company’s operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs, and changes in government requirements for its products may increase research and development and manufacturing costs.