The business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. The continued development of subsidized, competing power generation technologies and significant development of demand-side management tools and practices could alter the market and price structure for power generation and could result in a reduction in load requirements, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. The physical risks of severe weather events and climate change have further exacerbated these risks. Identifying and correcting any of these issues may require significant time and expense. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of such financing depend on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, and investor confidence in us and our industry. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans, or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. We expect there will be changes to existing environmental laws and regulations, particularly in light of the change in administration following the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Changes in these laws, or violations of laws, could result in significant increases in our compliance costs, capital expenditures to bring our facilities into compliance, operating costs for remediation and clean-up actions, civil penalties, or damages from actions brought by third parties for alleged health or property damages. Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of required environmental upgrades and retrofits; construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission and distribution facilities; and modernizing existing infrastructure. We are continually assessing a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value, including the acquisition, construction, or disposition of transmission and distribution facilities and/or generation units, and the expansion of our geographic footprint. Our future success will depend on our ability to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described.