You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-K. Any of the factors described below could occur or continue to occur and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly traded securities. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may occur or become material in the future and may also adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly traded securities. Therefore, historical operating results, financial and business performance, events and trends may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results, financial and business performance, events or trends. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets. To generate revenues and profits, we rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must understand our customers and consumers and sell products that appeal to them in the sales channel in which they prefer to shop or browse for such products. In general, changes in consumption in our product categories or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, or the location of origin or source of the ingredients and products. Consumer preferences have been evolving, and are expected to continue to evolve, due to a variety of factors, including changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of the millennial and younger generations who have differing spending and consumption habits. Our failure to make the right strategic investments to drive innovation or successfully launch new products or variants of existing products or effectively distribute our products could decrease demand for our existing products by negatively affecting consumer perception of our existing brands and may result in inventory write-offs and other costs that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in, or failure to comply with, laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The conduct of our business is subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as government entities and agencies outside the United States, including laws and regulations relating to the production, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, content, quality, safety, transportation, disposal, recycling and use of our products, as well as our employment and occupational health and safety practices and protection of personal information. We continue to devote significant resources to the items mentioned above, there can be no assurance as to our continued ability to develop, launch, maintain or distribute successful new products or variants of existing products in a timely manner. Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, including our bottlers, contract manufacturers, joint venture partners, distributors and customers, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products in our portfolio is critical to our success. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore operations.