The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our business continuity may be affected by difficulties or delays in product manufacturing, sales, or marketing due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, or shortages. Risks to supply chain continuity and commercial operations as a result of natural or man-made disasters at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor, including those related to climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are undertaking corrective actions to address concerns raised by regulatory authorities, which is an important step toward resolving issues that could impact operational continuity. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer, and we may fail to achieve cost savings or generate the expected revenue growth, which could adversely impact our resilience strategies. Our growth potential depends on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs, and balancing current growth with investment for future growth remains a major challenge. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value over time. The evolving pathway for registration and approval of biosimilar products could diminish the value of our investments in biosimilars, and we may face challenges in the form of competition from generic drugs, which could impact our operational flexibility. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, and political unrest, which may pose risks to our organizational health. We rely heavily on third-party collaborators for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities, and failure by these parties to meet their obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval, or commercialization of our products. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources, but we continuously monitor our liquidity position in the face of evolving economic conditions. Our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting is critical, as lapses could undermine the accuracy of our disclosures and expose us to legal or regulatory proceedings. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products could negatively impact demand and result in updated labeling or product withdrawal. We undertake significant efforts to counteract the threats associated with counterfeit medicines, and failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact our business, including loss of patient confidence and potential product recalls. The risks associated with our strategic transactions, including acquisitions, could result in the loss of key employees or disruption of ongoing business, which may affect our organizational resilience.