We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. Adverse economic conditions generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services, impair the ability of borrowers to repay loans, and lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We have taken measures to manage and mitigate operational risks, but our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation, and monitoring of automated systems. We depend on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees, systems, and controls to manage operational risks. Our operational risk management framework supports our effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance, and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. Our enterprise risk management framework consists of risk culture, enterprise strategy, risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting. We regularly seek to test the effectiveness of and enhance our policies, procedures, and systems. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. We are also vulnerable to human error, misconduct, or malfeasance, leading potentially to operational breakdowns or other errors. The adverse impact of natural and other disasters, terrorist activities, international hostilities, and the like could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional governments, including emergency responders, or on the part of other organizations and businesses with which we deal, particularly those on which we depend. Our ability to recover from adverse events is influenced by our operational flexibility and the robustness of our strategic initiatives. We have invested significantly in improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services while managing risk, expenses, and capital. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.