We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The risks described below include forward-looking statements, and actual events and our actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. We are substantially dependent on the success of Eylea, and if we or Bayer are unable to continue to successfully commercialize Eylea, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition will be materially harmed. The continued commercial success of Eylea will depend on various factors, including the effectiveness of the commercial strategy, maintaining and successfully monitoring commercial manufacturing arrangements, our ability to meet the demand for commercial supplies, and our ability to differentiate Eylea from competitive products. We expect that the commercial success of Eylea will depend on maintaining sufficient coverage and reimbursement by third-party payers. Our sales in the United States of Eylea are dependent on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payers, including Medicare and Medicaid. Economic pressure on state budgets may also have a similar impact. We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to Eylea, and failure to maintain regulatory compliance may materially harm our business. Serious complications or unexpected side effects in connection with the use of Eylea could materially harm our business. The commercial success of Eylea is subject to strong competition, and we are aware of several companies developing biosimilar versions of Eylea. We rely on our collaboration with Bayer for commercializing Eylea outside the United States, and if we and Bayer are unsuccessful in continuing to commercialize Eylea, our ability to sustain profitability would be materially impaired. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities. The termination of the Bayer collaboration agreement would create substantial new and additional risks to the successful commercialization of Eylea. Our sales of Eylea recorded by us and Bayer could be reduced by imports from countries where Eylea may be available at lower prices. We expect to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, including costs associated with clinical testing of our product candidates and new indications of our marketed products. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the net sales of our marketed products, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, and the continuation of our collaborations. We cannot predict whether or when new products or new indications for marketed products will receive regulatory approval or whether we will be able to successfully commercialize such products. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the status of competitive products. We may require additional financing in the future, and if we cannot sustain profitability, our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition would be materially harmed.