Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our facility could result in an event of default under this facility. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. We expect our international operations to contribute materially to our business for the foreseeable future. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacturing and distribution of our products. A significant increase in our insurance costs could have an adverse impact on our operating results. We face intense competition from numerous competitors. If we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. We anticipate that we may have to adjust prices to stay competitive. Changes in the supply of, or price for, raw materials, parts and components used in our products could affect our business. Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection. We must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change. Some of the industries in which we operate are cyclical, and, accordingly, our business is subject to changes in the economy. If demand changes and we fail to respond accordingly, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We depend on our ability to develop new products, and any failure to develop or market new products could adversely affect our business. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology systems could significantly impair our ability to perform necessary business functions. A breach in the security of our software could harm our reputation, result in a loss of current and potential customers, and subject us to material claims. Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2018 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies.