We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment—economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance, yet violations could occur. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions, we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. Operational risks arise due to potential inadequacies or failures related to people, internal processes, and systems, or from external events or relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and third parties. We rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. We also face operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. We manage the exposure to third-party risk through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing. We have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. Our capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. We conduct regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the company could be subjected. Our liquidity policies support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. We employ a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity, including regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures. We maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments to meet daily funding needs. Our primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity, and we have established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions.