The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. A continuation or worsening of economic downturns may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, and expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and a weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery may adversely affect our results of operations. We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit, and tight credit markets could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and we cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations. The degree to which we are currently leveraged could increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations. The success of future acquisitions depends on our ability to manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, and compliance risks will continue to exist. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, which may impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products. Our business is seasonal in nature, and adverse weather conditions have had an adverse effect on our sales. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, and our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to various claims and lawsuits, including litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, and intellectual property claims. The uncertainties involved in litigation may ultimately not be resolved in our favor. We have not accrued any amounts for certain litigation, and any significant liability determined to be attributable to us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We discuss the risks and uncertainties related to litigation in more detail in our annual report. Our ability to manage the risks associated with these factors is critical to maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience.