The oil and gas industry downturn has resulted in reduced demand for oilfield services, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Demand for the majority of our products and services depends substantially on expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. These expenditures are generally dependent on our customers' views of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas. During the past three years of unprecedented market downturn, Schlumberger has proactively sought to strengthen its technology offering and presence in key markets around the world. In line with the challenging business environment, Schlumberger has continued to evaluate the present and future return prospects for all of its product lines, as it seeks to maximize its long-term financial performance. Schlumberger has taken the difficult decision to exit the marine and land seismic acquisition market and instead operate the WesternGeco product line as an asset-light business, built on its leading position within multiclient, data processing and geophysical interpretation. The company has restructured all relevant parts of the organization to maximize its market competitiveness and operational agility. The strong growth in demand is projected to continue, supported by a robust global economy. Schlumberger's financial performance in 2017 was driven by land activity in North America, where revenue increased over 80% in line with the average rig count increase. Continued expansion of Schlumberger's hydraulic fracturing presence in North America resulted in additional fleet redeployments, which benefited the production group. The increase in oil price afforded by the OPEC agreement gave producers a means to increase their investment in tight oil. However, apprehension related to growing US supply and uncertainty surrounding the duration of OPEC and Russia-led production cuts held international spending to a level 3% below 2016. The company has experienced varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of business, and there can be no assurance that the systems designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in disruptions to our business operations. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. Our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. The company requires highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for its business, and competition for the personnel required for its businesses intensifies as activity increases. Severe weather conditions may adversely affect operations, potentially resulting in the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. The company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures to deter prohibited practices, but these may not be effective in preventing violations of applicable laws and regulations.