When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. These risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially negatively impacted. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. Such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. The facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests may be subject to such incidents, which could negatively impact construction projects and our ability to provide natural gas and electricity to our customers. Our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. Limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. In difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new or ongoing business activities. This could cause us to reduce capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability. Our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the California utilities and other Sempra Energy businesses, which could be materially adversely affected by changes in these rules or to their interpretations. Our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, and other governmental approvals; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase. Our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. We are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. The regulatory environment that applies to the electric power and natural gas industries has undergone significant changes, which have affected the nature of these industries and the manner in which their participants conduct their businesses. These changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future course of changes in this regulatory environment or the ultimate effect that this changing regulatory environment will have on our businesses. Our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows may be materially adversely affected by the outcome of litigation against us. We are defendants in numerous lawsuits and arbitration proceedings. The uncertainties inherent in lawsuits, arbitrations and other legal proceedings make it difficult to estimate with any degree of certainty the costs and effects of resolving these matters. The operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees. Labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful or such expenditures may not be recovered.