The following factors could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: adverse economic and/or capital access changes in the markets served by us or in countries in which we have significant investments, including the impact on customer demand and our ability and our suppliers' ability to access financial markets at favorable rates and terms. Our ability to absorb revenue losses caused by increasing competition, including offerings that use alternative technologies or delivery methods, and our ability to maintain capital expenditures, reflects our organizational resilience in confronting competitive pressures. The extent of competition, including from governmental networks and other providers, results in pressure on customer totals and segment operating margins, necessitating effective strategic responses to maintain operational flexibility. Our ability to develop attractive and profitable product/service offerings to offset increasing competition is crucial for sustaining organizational health and performance. The continued development and delivery of attractive and profitable video and broadband offerings, alongside our ability to match speeds offered by our competitors, are essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our ability to manage growth in wireless video and data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms, is indicative of our operational management capabilities. The impact from major equipment failures on our networks, including satellites operated by DirectTV, and the effect of security breaches related to the network or customer information, highlight the need for robust risk management and crisis response strategies. Our ability to adequately fund our wireless operations, including payment for additional spectrum, network upgrades, and technological advancements, is critical for ensuring operational continuity and resilience against external disturbances. Changes in our corporate strategies, such as changing network-related requirements or acquisitions and dispositions, may require significant amounts of cash or stock to respond to competition and regulatory, legislative, and technological developments, reflecting the dynamic nature of our organizational change processes. The uncertainty surrounding further congressional action to address spending reductions may result in a significant decrease in government spending and reluctance of businesses and consumers to spend in general, which could impact our future performance. Readers are cautioned that other factors discussed in this report, although not enumerated here, also could materially affect our future earnings, emphasizing the multifaceted nature of our organizational resilience in navigating complex situations and environmental perturbations.