The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our results. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of distributing the right merchandise to the right stores in the right quantities at the right time. To respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully and manage the implementation of this growth effectively. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations. The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across various regions, and the autonomy afforded to the banners increases the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company. If business information is not shared effectively, our business may be adversely affected. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand and expectations, and we work to identify consumer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis. However, doing so effectively across our diverse merchandise categories and in each of the many markets in which we operate is challenging. We face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas, which could limit our growth and adversely affect our performance. Our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to various factors, and increased labor costs may adversely affect our results of operations. Compromises of our data security could materially harm our reputation and business, as we are subject to attempts to compromise our data security. Our approach to disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be adequate, and any compromises, interruptions, or shutdowns of our systems could lead to delays in our business operations. Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, may adversely affect our financial performance. Adverse or unseasonable weather could adversely affect our operating results, as it may affect customers' buying patterns and the efficient transportation of merchandise. Our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic events, which could disrupt our operations in various ways. Damage to our corporate reputation could adversely affect our sales and operating results. We believe that building the brand reputation of our company is important to our continuing success. The reputation of our company may be damaged by adverse events or by an associate acting outside of company policies. Quality, safety, or other issues with merchandise we sell could damage our reputation and financial results. We are subject to various legal, regulatory, and administrative requirements that collectively affect multiple aspects of our business. Our expanding international operations expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries, which may differ significantly from other countries in which we currently operate.