The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Competitive factors include technological innovation, the ability to meet the special requirements of customers, and operational flexibility. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and expanding our service offerings. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business. Our business could be affected by disruptions at our sites, and any significant disruption of those operations for any reason could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. We are subject to product and other liability risks for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Our inability to complete any pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. We are also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Our business could be negatively affected by new trade agreements and by the possible imposition of trade or other regulatory barriers. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products. We are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. Our operations depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. We may not be able to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. A significant disruption in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, and other attempts to harm our systems. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges and expects to identify further actions during the year. The restructuring projects are expected to result in annual cost savings, which will enhance operational efficiency and adaptability.