We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. Additionally, certain countries where we operate have experienced, and other countries may experience, increasing protectionism that may impact global trade. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment, safety and health; exports and imports; bribery and corruption; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; market access; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner is critical, as rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products and develop new ones to meet changing customer demands. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Our operations could be affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems. Cybersecurity threats are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or health epidemics that could disrupt operations. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. The combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.