The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect our business. We are regulated by federal, state, and local governments in the United States and other countries where we do business. The laws and rules governing our businesses and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. Legislative, administrative, and public policy changes to the Affordable Care Act (ACA) are being debated, and we cannot predict if the ACA will be further modified or repealed or replaced. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, and adjust members' benefits. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates, and establish appropriate pricing. Our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. We participate in various federal, state, and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part D, various Medicaid programs, and CHIP, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. A reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. If we fail to estimate, price for, and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.