Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and we must carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. Our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to increase revenues from sales of our cystic fibrosis medicines. Our concentrated source of revenues presents a number of risks, including that one or more competing therapies may successfully be developed as a treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis. We are investing significant resources in the development of our next-generation CFTR corrector compounds, and if we are unable to show the safety and efficacy of these compounds, our business would be materially harmed. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including the potential inability to obtain regulatory approval or experience delays in obtaining marketing authorization. We have experienced challenges commercializing Orkambi outside of the United States, and our future revenues will be dependent on our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products in ex-U.S. markets. Our business depends on our ability to obtain marketing authorization and reimbursement for Tezacaftor in combination with Ivacaftor in ex-U.S. markets. The increasing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceuticals is beginning to generate significant third-party payor interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. Our operating expenses may increase due to additional investments to support or accelerate our research and development activities, the expansion of our organization, and/or costs associated with business development activities. We are subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing, and marketing authorization, pricing, and third-party reimbursement. Our future product revenues will be dependent on our ability to complete reimbursement discussions in ex-U.S. markets for Orkambi and to obtain reimbursement in ex-U.S. markets for Tezacaftor in combination with Ivacaftor. We expect that cash flows from Orkambi, Kalydeco, and Symdeko, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as our drug discovery and development activities are highly technical in nature. We face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry. The loss of key personnel or a failure to properly integrate new personnel could be disruptive. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. The risks we face in connection with our current collaborations include that our collaborators may change the focus of their development and commercialization efforts or may have insufficient resources to effectively develop our drug candidates.