Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations, as unfavorable economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends, and economic conditions. If we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy, and experience reduced profits. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts, which could cause significant damage to our infrastructure and result in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to other communications providers. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology, and if these suppliers fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis, we may be unable to provide products and services as requested by our customers. Changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations, as new laws or regulations could restrict the ways in which we manage our networks and operate our businesses. Our significant debt could increase further if we incur additional debt in the future, which may reduce our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our industry and market conditions. The costs associated with maintaining employee benefit plans could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts. We are subject to a substantial amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. Our increasing presence in the IoT industry could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks. Any of these occurrences could damage our reputation, adversely impact customer and investor confidence, and could further result in a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition.