The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "forecasts," and "intends." These statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management's plans and objectives for future operations, and other matters. The financial condition of our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas supplies and demand for those supplies in the markets we serve. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins. The competition for natural gas supplies could also reduce the amount of natural gas supply for our customers. A failure to obtain access to sufficient natural gas supplies will adversely impact our ability to maximize the capacities of our gathering, transportation, and processing facilities. We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties, and our credit risk management will not be able to completely eliminate such risk. Our customers are rated investment grade or are otherwise considered creditworthy, but in a low commodity price environment, certain customers could be negatively impacted, causing them significant economic stress. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth, and suitable acquisition candidates may not be available on terms we find acceptable. We may face opposition to the construction and operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups, which could disrupt our operations. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. We do not own all of the interests in the partially owned entities, which could adversely affect our ability to operate and control these assets. We will conduct certain operations through joint ventures that may limit our operational flexibility or require us to make additional capital contributions. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including aging infrastructure, operator error, and security risks. An event such as those described could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our assets and operations can be adversely affected by weather and other natural phenomena, and our business could be negatively impacted by acts of terrorism and security threats. We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and we face cybersecurity threats that could result in damage to our assets and reputational damage. Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse economic conditions or future disruptions in global financial markets, which could negatively affect our ability to implement business plans or respond to competitive pressures. Our ability to comply with debt covenants and obtain future credit will depend primarily on our operating performance. We expect to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States.