The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. General or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, or earthquakes, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, the closure of stores, and disruption in the supply of products from local and overseas suppliers. We bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage or destruction of any stores and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by such events. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located outside the U.S. Political and economic instability in the countries where our suppliers are located could materially adversely affect our financial performance. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer failures, and cyber-attacks. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Our strategy includes investments in e-commerce, technology, and customer initiatives, which may not adequately allow us to grow our e-commerce business or maintain our overall market position. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our operations. If we are unable to locate or retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease. We are subject to various legal, regulatory, and compliance risks that could materially adversely affect our business. Changes in laws and regulations may require extensive operational changes and increase our operating costs. Our operations are also subject to numerous risks, including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in trade policies, and economic conditions in the countries where we operate. The performance of strategic alliances to support the expansion of our international segment could materially adversely affect our financial performance. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and demand for our products. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets is critical to our financial performance. We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations in various countries are influenced by numerous factors, including political conditions, local economic conditions, and regulatory constraints. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside of the U.S. and may be exacerbated by the difficulty of operating in multiple jurisdictions.