During the pandemic, we have shifted much of our workforce to remote operations “placing increased demands on our it systems,” and we recognize “there is no assurance that our ability to continue to function in this environment will not be adversely affected by an extended disruption in the telecommunications and internet infrastructures that support our remote work capability.” We acknowledge that “exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence,” that “cyber catastrophic scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations,” and that “cyber risks are engineered by human actors and thus are continuously evolving, often in ways … to evade established loss mitigation controls.” In response to “evolving privacy and data security regulations,” including detailed “cybersecurity standards” mandated by the New York Department of Financial Services and the NAIC’s insurance data security model law, we have implemented enhanced “information security and systems” controls, yet we note such measures “may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber‐attack.” Our “operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third‐party service providers,” and our ability “to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results” depends significantly on “the integrity and availability of the data our information systems use to run our business.” Although we “endeavor to modify procedures as circumstances warrant and negotiate agreements with third‐party providers to protect our assets,” we further recognize that a “failure in our operational systems or infrastructure … could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.” To support strategic decision‐making and maintain competitive advantage, we “use various modeling techniques … and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures” and “to assist us in decision‐making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk).” Finally, we have contingency plans to address possible “disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business … including electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by chubb,” acknowledging that prolonged or widespread interruptions could impair our ability to conduct critical business functions.