item 1a. risk factors item 1a. risk factors the company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
investment and markets risk factors difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business.
the company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in its two primary operating markets of the u.s. and japan. shifts in global trade policies could result in tariffs and a downturn in the global economy that could negatively impact the company. a new u.s. presidential administration took office in january 2021, which adds further uncertainty around u.s. trade policies. weak global financial markets impact the value of the company's existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on its results of operations and financial positions.
global capital markets experienced extreme volatility in early 2020 due to the effects of the covid-19 global pandemic including all variants, but have since stabilized due to central bank and government intervention; there is also no certainty that conditions will not deteriorate. initial volatility triggered dramatic declines in investment values, constrained liquidity, and significantly reduced interest rates. the company's investment portfolio, including the creditworthiness and valuation of investment assets and availability of new investments, has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected as a result of market developments related to the covid-19 pandemic and uncertainty regarding its ultimate severity and duration. while conditions have improved, the company's investments remain vulnerable to extreme asset price volatility, lack of market liquidity, credit rating downgrades, payment defaults, asset restructurings, increased losses, and other risks as the world experiences an unprecedented shock to economic activity. the recovery, supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, and central bank and government efforts to control inflation through reductions in stimulus and asset purchases, and interest rate increases, could create volatility and lead to slower growth.
the company has evaluated its holdings and identified those investments most exposed to the negative impacts of an economic downturn as a result of covid-19, including but not limited to investments in businesses facing an immediate and severe impact such as travel and lodging, leisure, non-emergency medical, energy, and others involving large gatherings of people. these investments are experiencing and may continue to experience higher credit losses, credit rating downgrades and/or defaults and the company has examined in each case whether a reduction in size of the holding is appropriate. in addition, volatility in oil prices could have a continued adverse impact on issuers in the energy sector. while the company has identified assets impacted or expected to be impacted by covid-19 and its consequences, other investments not identified to date may also be impacted. the availability of new investments in certain private market asset classes, such as middle market loans, commercial mortgages and transitional real estate, has been and may continue to be limited. while interest rates have recovered recently from their lowest points, central bank rate increases are expected in the u.s. and other countries, potentially resulting in lower valuations of fixed income investments. a prolonged period of low interest rates in other countries, particularly japan, remains a risk that could result in new investments generating lower yields than in prior periods. the company may need to adjust its investment strategy and/or be forced to liquidate investments to pay claims. covid-19 has resulted in unprecedented disruption of markets and business activity globally, with continuing impact from new variants, and the company is not able to predict the duration of such disruption or the ultimate impact of covid-19 on the company's investments and hedging programs. see the risk factor below entitled, "the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" for more information. see the "investments" and "results of operations by segment" sections of item 7, md&a, for more information.
as the company holds a significant amount of fixed maturity securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, its financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. recent weakness in global capital markets could adversely affect the company's financial condition, including its capital position and overall profitability.
item 1a. risk factors market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
japan is the largest market for the company's insurance products, and the company owns substantial holdings in japan government bonds (jgbs). government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of the company's existing holdings, its reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen-denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to the company's suite of insurance products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could adversely impact the japan sovereign credit profile, which could in turn lead to volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
should investors become concerned with any of the company's investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, its access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. it is possible that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if the company incurs large investment losses or if the level of the company's business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the u.s. or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets.
the company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. see the "liquidity and capital resources" item 7, md&a, for more information. in the event the company's current resources do not meet its needs, the company may need to seek additional financing. the company's access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit within the financial services industry and its credit rating. see the risk factor below entitled, "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for more information.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation, and strain with the u.s. supply chain all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of the company's business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as aflac that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead the company's customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage, which could adversely affect the company's net earned premiums, results of operations and financial condition. the company is unable to predict the course of the global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
see the risk factor entitled "major public health issues, including covid-19 and any resulting economic effects could have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of its business" for more information.
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities and loan receivables in the company's investment portfolio may reduce the company's earnings and capital position.
the company is subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities and loan receivables the company owns may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of the company's portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that may be subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay the company's holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to the company's securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of the company's holdings.
most of the company's investments carry a rating by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros or rating agencies). any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of the company's portfolio. any expected or sustained credit deterioration of the company's investments will negatively impact the company's net income and capital position through credit impairment and other credit related losses. credit related losses that are not temporary in nature would also affect item 1a. risk factors the company's solvency ratios in the u.s. and japan. aflac japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements. these impairment losses could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding dividends and capital deployment. the company is also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to the company's investments could deteriorate.
the company is also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of the company's existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on its investment portfolio, and reduce the company's adjusted capital position which is used in determining smr in japan. a tightening of credit spreads could reduce the net investment income available to the company on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of the company's investment holdings. for more information, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of item 7, md&a, and the "credit risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the company has substantial investment portfolios that support its policy liabilities. interest rate risk is an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for the company, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity. changes in interest rates could also result in the company having to recognize gains or losses because the company disposes of some or all of its investments prior to their maturity.
the company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time the company's products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. low levels of interest rates on investments experienced in japan and the u.s. over the last decade have also reduced the level of investment income earned by the company, and the company's overall level of investment income will continue to be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. while the company generally seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, the company may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of its assets relative to its liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates also heighten the risk associated with future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of the company's investment portfolio include investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates would decrease the fair value of the company's debt securities.
a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder the company's ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for its insurance products at the time they were sold and issued and may also influence the company's ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact its overall sales levels. the company's first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. as discussed in item 1, business, beginning in 2013, aflac japan began to curtail sales of first sector savings-type products due to persistent low interest rates in japan. the continuing negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan (boj) on excess bank reserves could continue to have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products.
conversely and concurrently, a rise in interest rates would improve the company's ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in its investment portfolio. however, an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would also increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition. further, some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the u.s. and japan provide cash surrender values, and a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy surrenders, which might require the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. rising interest rates also negatively impact smr because unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. in addition to the unrealized losses negatively impacting smr, significant unrealized losses could impact the amount of dividends that could be paid under local regulations. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are also certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's regulatory earnings and corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
the company's floating rate investments typically bear interest based on the u.s. dollar (usd) london interbank offered rate (libor). the upcoming cessation of usd libor as an interest rate benchmark may create uncertainty in the valuation of usd libor-based loans, derivatives, and other financial contracts. the company is unable to predict with item 1a. risk factors certainty how the upcoming cessation of usd libor may impact markets, pricing, liquidity and other factors or the company's activities.
see the "interest rate risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
the company's concentration of business in japan poses risks to its operations and financial condition.
the company's operations in japan, including net investment gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 69% of the company's total revenues in 2021, compared with 68% in 2020 and 69% in 2019. the japanese operations accounted for 82% of the company's total assets at december 31, 2021, compared with 83% at december 31, 2020.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality or access to markets, the overall economy of japan, or an increase in japanese market volatility could adversely impact aflac japan's operations and its financial condition and thereby aflac's overall financial performance. further, because of the concentration of the company's business in japan and its need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, the company has a substantial concentration of jgbs in its investment portfolio exposing the company to credit deterioration and potential downgrades of jgbs. see the risk factor entitled "any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital" for more information.
the company seeks to match investment currency and interest rate risk to its yen liabilities. the low interest rates on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the company aims to match both the duration and currency of its assets with its liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments beyond jgbs.
aflac japan's investment strategy includes u.s. dollar-denominated investments for which a portion of dollar currency risk is mitigated by entering into currency hedges. this program includes public investment-grade bonds as well as u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans, middle market loans, infrastructure debt, collateralized loan obligations and other loan types, high yield bond and public and private equities. the company plans to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that the company has added, and anticipates continuing to add, have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. further, in recent years the company has reduced the proportion of u.s. dollar-denominated investments that are subject to a currency hedge, and this proportion continues to be subject to change at the company's discretion. these strategies will continue to increase the company's exposure to u.s. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. the company has increased u.s. dollar risk exposure in japan as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
investing in u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan also creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and related smr volatility, as aflac japan's insurance liabilities are yen-denominated. although the company engages in certain foreign exchange hedging activities to partially mitigate this risk, and such hedged assets may be used to satisfy yen-denominated insurance liabilities and other business obligations, important risks remain.
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. cumulative net cash settlements on derivatives hedging currency exposure of aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments are associated with existing u.s. dollar-denominated investments that continue to be hedged, previously hedged investments that continue to be held but are no longer hedged, and investments previously hedged that have since been sold, matured or redeemed and may or may not have not been converted to yen. the company's foreign exchange derivatives are typically shorter-dated than the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated investments being hedged, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program that could increase the cost of such derivatives. if the company reduces the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives prior to the maturity of the hedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments, the foreign exchange gains or losses on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments remain economically unrealized. these foreign currency gains or losses on the investments are only item 1a. risk factors economically realized, or monetized, through sale, maturity or redemption of the investments and concurrent conversion to yen. however, the company may not realize the benefit of offsetting adverse cash settlements on hedging derivatives with cash receipts on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments if the currency exchange rates move in an adverse direction before the investments are converted to yen, or if the investments are never converted to yen. as an example of the latter, if the company's actual insurance risk experience in japan is as expected or more favorable than expected, the need for yen to pay expenses and claims would correspondingly remain at or below expected levels, thereby diminishing operational requirements to convert u.s. dollar-denominated investments to yen. the settlement of the foreign exchange derivatives is reported in the investing activities section of the company's consolidated statements of cash flows in the line item "settlement of derivatives, net."
see the risk factor entitled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate", the "hedging activities" subsection of item 7, md&a, and the "currency risk" subsection of item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
due to the size of aflac japan, where functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the exchange rate between the yen and the u.s. dollar can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and almost all expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. certain unhedged u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities held by aflac japan are re-measured to yen with the volatility reported in earnings. furthermore, the yen-denominated balance sheet of aflac japan is translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes with foreign exchange impact reflected in equity. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar will generally adversely affect the value of the company's yen-denominated investments in u.s. dollar terms. further, unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities held by aflac japan are exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations, which impact smr. as a result, periods of unusually volatile currency exchange rates could result in limitations on dividends available to the parent company.
the company engages in certain foreign currency hedging activities to hedge the exposure to yen from its net investment in japanese operations. these hedging activities are limited in scope, and the company cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective.
as indicated in the md&a, the company has determined that the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan against erosion of economic value. at the same time, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and subjects aflac japan to volatility in regulatory capital, including smr, and earnings, which may adversely impact aflac japan's ability to pay dividends to the parent company. the company has historically maintained and currently maintains the size of the unhedged portfolio at levels below the economic equity surplus in aflac japan, but there can be no assurance that this strategy will be successful.
for regulatory accounting purposes, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the rate of exchange between the yen and u.s. dollar and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding dividends and capital deployment.
additionally, the company is exposed to currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into u.s. dollars, resulting in changes in the company's u.s. dollar-denominated cash flows and earnings when exchange gains or losses, respectively, are realized. this primarily occurs when aflac japan pays dividends in yen to the parent company, but it also has an impact when cash in the form of yen is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the exchange rates prevailing at the time of dividend payment may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. the parent company utilizes forward contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by aflac japan, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs. however, if the markets experience a significant strengthening of yen, this could cause cash strain at the parent company as a result of cash collateral and potentially cash settlement requirements. based on the timing and severity of exchange rate fluctuations combined with the level of outstanding activity in this program, the cash strain at the parent company could be significant.
item 1a. risk factors for more information regarding unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, see the risk factor above entitled, "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity". see the "currency risk" subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information.
the valuation of the company's investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the company reports a significant amount of its fixed maturity securities and other financial instruments at fair value. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and valuation methods that are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values that may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within the company's consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of the company's derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, the company may experience significant changes in the volatility of its derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
where valuation and interest rates are based on usd libor, the upcoming cessation of usd libor as an interest rate benchmark may create uncertainty in valuation of loans, derivatives and other assets in the pricing of such assets in markets for their sale and disposition.
see the "critical accounting estimates" section of item 7, md&a, and notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the determination of the amount of expected credit losses recorded on the company's investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact its results of operations or financial position.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis.
the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers relevant historical information (e.g. loss statistics), current market conditions and reasonable and supportable micro and macroeconomic forecasts.
the company's management updates its expected credit loss assumptions regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects expected credit losses in the company's earnings when considered necessary. furthermore, additional credit losses may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future expectations of credit losses.
the company cannot provide assurance that these evaluations will be accurate and effective. if the company's estimates of credit losses are not accurate and actual credit losses are higher than the company's estimates, the company's net income and capital position will be negatively impacted.
these higher losses would also negatively affect the company's solvency ratios in the u.s. and japan. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, credit-related losses, or changes in foreign exchange, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding dividend and capital deployment.
item 1a. risk factors any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
nrsros may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including but not limited to competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities.
the ratings assigned to the company by the nrsros are important factors in the company's ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. downgrades of the company's credit ratings could give its derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting the company's liquidity.
downgrades of the company's ratings could also have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of its products, all of which could negatively impact the company's liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance on and sensitivity to ratings levels.
the company cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the company may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. as with other companies in the financial services industry, the company's ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the company.
the company has exposure to and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions.
the company uses derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with its investment portfolio, notes payable, and subsidiary dividends. the company's use of derivatives results in financial exposure to derivative counterparties. if the company's counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, the company's hedges of the risks will be ineffective, and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company engages in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements also include credit support annexes (csas) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. the actual amount of payments that the company could be required to make depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained. in addition, the company's cleared swaps result in counterparty exposure to clearing brokers and central clearinghouses; while this exposure is mitigated in part by clearinghouse and clearing broker capital and regulation, no assurance can be provided that these counterparties will fulfill their obligations. the company also has exposure to counterparties to securities lending transactions in the event they fail to return loaned securities. the company is also exposed to the risk that there may be a decline in value of securities posted as collateral for securities lending programs or a decline in value of investments made with cash posted as collateral for such programs.
further, the company has agreements with various japanese financial institutions for the distribution of its insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2021, the company had agreements with 360 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through these banks represented 5.2% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2021. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on the company's sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact the company's consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
item 1a. risk factors the concentration of the company's investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries, asset class or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings, which may increase risk of loss from defaults due to non-payment of interest or principal. to the extent the company has concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial position.
see the "investments" section of item 7, md&a, and the "credit risk" section of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for more information.
operational-related risk factors major public health issues, including covid-19 and any resulting economic effects could have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of its business.
the company continues to closely monitor developments related to covid-19 to assess its impact on the company's business. due to the evolving nature of this event, including fluctuations in infection, hospitalization and death rates in the united states, japan and other regions of the world, covid-19 could continue to impact the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, capital position, liquidity or prospects in a number of ways. the pandemic may cause changes to estimates of future earnings, capital deployment and other guidance the company has provided to the markets in the "2022 outlook" section of item 7, md&a.
the continuing effects of the pandemic and the effort by governmental entities, public health authorities and private entities to contain the impact of covid-19 in the u.s. and japan, among other factors, result in continuing uncertainty about the severity and duration of the pandemic's effects on the u.s., japan and global economies and on the company's business. the extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact the company's business, results of operations or financial condition, as well as those of its customers, agents, brokers and other distribution partners, vendors and counterparties, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of covid-19, including its variants, and the actions taken to contain or treat its and their impact.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, aflac u.s. has experienced lower sales and may in the future experience elevated lapse rates because a higher concentration of its policies in force are associated with small businesses that may be disproportionately negatively impacted by the economic uncertainty surrounding covid-19.
policies issued by aflac japan and aflac u.s. are primarily sold and enrolled in person through face-to-face interaction. likewise, recruiting of new agents and brokers largely occurs through in-person contact. the ability of individual agents and agencies, strategic alliance partners, brokers and other distribution partners to make sales in japan and the u.s. and the ability to conduct agent and broker recruiting has been significantly reduced by efforts to mitigate the effects of the pandemic, including social distancing orders, requirements or guidelines issued by government or public health authorities, and adoption of social distancing techniques and remote working by employees, which may hinder sales of the company's products in japan and the u.s. the company cannot predict with certainty the continuing impact of these events on its distribution channels and financial results, but the impact to date has been more acute for aflac u.s. due to the higher number of confirmed covid-19 cases and deaths in the u.s. to date compared with japan, both in absolute terms and in proportion to national populations, as well as the historically lower rate of persistency in the aflac u.s. business. the company also considers that most aflac u.s. business customers, and most of the independent agents in its agency channel, are small businesses who may lack the financial resources to weather an economic downturn and may be disproportionately negatively impacted by the economic uncertainty surrounding covid-19. these factors may continue to negatively impact sales beyond 2021. see the risk factors entitled "sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan" and "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business" for more information.
further, the company's operations, as well as those of its vendors, service providers and counterparties, may also be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic or the mitigation efforts outlined above. in both the u.s. and japan, the company has over 50% of its employees working remotely. the company has begun to implement return to work plans for aflac japan and aflac u.s. that are adaptable and based upon multiple factors including government orders, guidelines item 1a. risk factors issued by public health authorities, the location and job responsibilities of specific company personnel, rates of covid-19 vaccinations, cases and deaths in various localities and other factors. the company may nevertheless experience operational disruptions when employees return to work.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain, including without limitation in regard to the effects of covid-19. see the risk factor entitled "if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected" and the "executive summary" section of item 7, md&a, for more information.
for more information on the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on markets and investments, see the risk factor entitled, "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by the covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business."
sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan.
the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training and education for its existing network of sales associates, brokers, other distribution partners and employees. in the u.s., competition exists for sales associates and brokers with demonstrated ability. in japan, the company's sales results are dependent upon its relationship with sales associates and other distribution partners, including its strategic partner, japan post group. sales of aflac japan cancer products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019 which continued in 2021; while japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies on april 1, 2021 and the company anticipates a gradual improvement of cancer insurance sales through the japan post group channel over the medium term, the company can provide no assurance regarding the ultimate timing or extent of any recovery in such sales. it is uncertain what long-term effect these developments will have on the company's results of operations or financial condition, but any such effects could be material. see the "aflac japan segment" section of item 7. md&a for more information.
the company competes with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of its products, compensation, support services and financial rating. the company's sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners are independent contractors and may sell products of its competitors. if the company's competitors offer products that are more attractive, or pay higher commissions than the company does, any or all of these distribution partners may concentrate their efforts on selling the company's competitors' products instead of the company's. in addition to the company's commissioned sales force in the u.s., aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 200 market directors and broker sales professionals. the company's inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, as the japan and u.s. employment markets continue to evolve, there is risk that the company's practices regarding attracting, developing, and retaining employees may not be fully effective. employees may leave the company or choose other employers over the company due to various factors, including a competitive labor market. although aflac u.s. has not experienced any material labor shortage to date, during the covid-19 pandemic, it has experienced elevated levels of workforce turnover and there has been an overall tightening of, and increased competition within, the u.s. labor market. these conditions, together with higher levels of inflation may result in increased operating expenses. a sustained labor shortage or continuing increased turnover rates within the aflac u.s. workforce, due to labor market factors including pandemics such as covid-19 or the state of the u.s. economy, could lead to increased costs of the day-to-day operation of the aflac u.s. business, the inability to hire and retain employees, or the outsourcing of certain operations. failure to successfully meet and maintain sufficient levels of employees may diminish the company's ability to achieve its financial and compliance objectives, both of which are time consuming and personnel-intensive.
for more information on the effects of covid, see the risk factor entitled, "major public health issues, including covid-19 and any resulting economic effects could have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations and other aspects of its business."
item 1a. risk factors if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain. many factors can cause actual outcomes to deviate from these assumptions and estimates, such as changes in incidence rates, economic conditions, changes in government healthcare policy, advances in medical technology, changes in treatment patterns, and changes in average lifespan. accordingly, the company cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that it will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level the company assumes prior to payment of benefits or claims. if the company's actual experience is different from its assumptions or estimates, the company's premiums and reserves may prove inadequate. as a result, the company would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which it determines such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of the company's information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards including adequate business continuity procedures. as such, the company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience, while also seeking to increase efficiencies. the company is also developing new and innovative products and enhancing existing products. the company will continue to incur expenses related to, among other things, investments in digital capabilities and product innovation. further, the company's long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and its ability to execute on its transformational initiatives, combined with its ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel. if the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations and reputation could be adversely affected and it could be exposed to litigation, regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm the company's business.
the company stores confidential policyholder, employee, agent, broker, and other proprietary information on its information technology systems. the company also depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. the company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, social engineering, phishing, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other cyber-attacks, that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers and prospective customers, or in the misappropriation of the company's intellectual property or proprietary information. although the company attempts to manage its exposure to such events through the purchase of cyber liability insurance, such events are inherently unpredictable and insurance may not be sufficient to protect the company against all losses. as a result, events such as these could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operation. although the minor data leakage issues the company has experienced to date have not had a material effect on its business, there is no assurance that the company's security systems or processes will prevent or mitigate future break-ins, tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by the company or others, including third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, could delay or disrupt the company's ability to do business and service its customers, seriously harm the company's brand, reputation, and ability to compete effectively, subject it to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect the company's business. in addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant.
item 1a. risk factors as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations, and its most significant assets are the stock of its subsidiaries. because the parent company conducts its operations through its operating subsidiaries, the parent company depends on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet its debt service and other obligations, to pay dividends on and conduct repurchases of its common stock, and to make investments into its subsidiaries or external opportunities.
aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. the nebraska insurance department also must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. after the japan branch conversion, the nebraska insurance department and the fsa approved their respective domiciled insurance company service arrangements and transactions. the fsa does not allow dividends or other payments from aflac japan unless it meets certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary will be defined as retained earnings plus other capital reserve less net after-tax net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities.
the ability of aflac and aflac japan to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by the company's dependency on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. the company's ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. the company maintains policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed.
however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as the company's businesses change and the markets in which it operates evolve, the company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes, and risks may not be appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of the company's risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. under difficult or less liquid market conditions, the company's risk management strategies may be ineffective or more difficult or expensive to execute because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk.
many of the company's risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. the company cannot provide assurance that its risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. the company's businesses and corporate areas primarily use models to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, and evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by the company's executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and item 1a. risk factors projections that are inherently uncertain. as the company's businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models the company utilizes expands, increasing the company's exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by the company's employees or employees of third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by the company, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm, and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite the company's published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of the company's alliance partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that the company employs will be effective. additionally, the use of third parties also poses operational risks that could result in financial loss, operational disruption, brand damage, or compliance issues. inadequate oversight of aflac's third party suppliers due to the lack of policies, procedures, training and governance may lead to financial loss or damage to the aflac brand.
the use of third party vendors to support the company's operations makes the company susceptible to the operational risk of those third parties, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
the company utilizes third-party vendors to provide certain business support services and functions, which exposes the company to risks outside the control of the company that may lead to business disruptions. the reliance on these third-party vendors creates a number of business risks, such as the risk that the company may not maintain service quality, control or effective management of the outsourced business operations and that the company cannot control the information systems, facilities or networks of such third-party vendors. additionally, the company is at risk of being unable to meet legal, regulatory, financial or customer obligations if the information systems, facilities or networks of a third-party vendor are disrupted, damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic or power outage, or due to cyber-security incidents, ransomware or other impacts to vendors, including labor strikes, political unrest and terrorist attacks. since certain third-party vendors conduct operations for the company outside the u.s., the political and military events in foreign jurisdictions could have an adverse impact on the company's outsourced operations. the company may be adversely affected by a third party vendor who operates in a poorly controlled manner or fails to deliver contracted services, which could lower revenues, increase costs, reduce profits, disrupt business, or damage the company's reputation.
the company is subject to taxation in japan, and in the u.s. under federal and numerous state and local tax jurisdictions. in preparing the company's financial statements, the company estimates the amount of tax that will become payable, but the company's effective tax rate may be different than estimates due to numerous factors including accounting for income taxes, the mix of earnings from japan and the u.s., the results of tax audits, adjustments to the value of uncertain tax positions, changes to estimates and other factors. further, changes in u.s. or japan tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase the company's corporate taxes and reduce earnings.
in addition, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on the company's earnings both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions, including in connection with the current presidential administration's continuing interest in raising revenue from the corporate sector in the u.s. any of these factors could cause the company to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or the company's current estimates. if the company's effective tax rate were to increase, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if the company fails to comply with restrictions on customer privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that its third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive customer information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, the company's reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by the company's businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the appi and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
item 1a. risk factors various state laws in the u.s. address the unauthorized access and acquisition of personal information and the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data. hipaa requires the company to impose privacy and security requirements on its business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). several states including california and new york, in which aflac u.s. conducts significant portions of its business, have made changes to their privacy or cybersecurity laws or regulations in recent years. further, the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to the company's business. compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on the company's business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by the company's business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on the company's collection, disclosure and use of customer identifiable data that are housed in one or more of the company's administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information, whether by the company or by one of its third parties, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, reputation, brand and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding the company's privacy and security practices; adverse actions against the company's licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to the company's reputation.
although the company provides for appropriate protections through its contracts and performs information security risk assessments of its third-party service providers and business associates, the company still has limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures the company has in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, the company's facilities and systems, and those of the company's third-party providers and participants in its distribution channels may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. from time to time, the company, its third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels have experienced and will likely continue to experience such events. in such cases, notification to affected individuals, state and federal regulators, state attorneys general and media may be required, depending upon the number of affected individuals and whether personal information including health or financial data was subject to unauthorized access.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, that exercise a degree of interpretive latitude, including the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, and state insurance regulators, the sec, the naic, the fio, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. treasury, including the internal revenue service (irs), in the u.s. the company is subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may result in non-compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. further, regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. in addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause the company to change its views regarding the actions it needs to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective. this may necessitate changes to the company's practices that may, in some cases, limit its ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of the company's business.
if the company's subsidiaries fail to meet the minimum capital or operational requirements established by its respective regulators, they could be subject to examination or corrective action, or the company's financial strength ratings could be downgraded, or both.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase the company's direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. see the "government regulation" subsections of item 1, business, for more information.
item 1a. risk factors general risk factors competition could adversely affect the company's ability to increase or maintain its market share or profitability.
the company operates in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require the company to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate the company's products and services from those of its competitors. the company also faces potential competition from existing or new companies in the u.s. and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than the company. further, some of these potential competitors could introduce new means of product development and delivery that disrupt the company's business model. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate the company's products and services can affect the company's ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business. further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share.
the company's future success will depend, in part, on its ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes and to use technology to satisfy and grow customer demand for the company's products and services and to create additional efficiencies in its operations. the company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in the company's technology could adversely affect the company's operating results. further, the evolving fragmentation of media and marketing channels that has developed over recent years could weaken the impact of the company's advertising efforts over time. as a result, the company's ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
catastrophic events, including as a result of climate change, could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations as well as the availability of the company's infrastructure and systems.
the company's insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, and terrorism or other acts of violence. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce its profitability or harm the company's financial condition, as well as affect its ability to write new business. in addition, such events may lead to periods of voluntary or required premium grace periods, which may lead to volatility in lapse rates and related premiums. additionally, the company's business operations may be adversely affected by such catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure, human resources or systems that support its businesses and customers. although the company has a global crisis management framework to minimize the business disruption from a catastrophic event, such framework may not be effective to avoid an adverse impact to the company from such an event.
climate change may increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods and forest fires. further, the company cannot predict the effects that any legal or regulatory changes made in response to climate change concerns would have on the company's business. in addition, while assessment of risks related to climate change are part of the company's credit review process, climate change-related risks may adversely impact the value of the securities that the company holds.
the company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time. because insurance products are intangible, the company's ability to compete for and maintain policyholders relies to a large extent on consumer trust in the company's business, including its alliance partners, sales associates and other distribution partners. the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness with respect to the company, its alliance partners, sales associates or other distribution partners could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. such perceptions could also negatively impact the company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, and could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition. these effects could also result from a perception of a lack of commitment to sustainability efforts and attention to societal impacts, unfavorable positions on items of public policy, or from failure to make progress toward our sustainability goals. maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of the item 1a. risk factors company's brand, is critical to the company's reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
the company depends heavily on key management personnel, and the loss of services of one or more of its key executives could harm the company's business.
the company's success depends to a significant extent on the efforts and abilities of its key management personnel. the loss of the services of one or more of the company's senior executives could significantly undermine its management expertise, and the company's business could be adversely affected.
the company's financial statements are subject to the application of u.s. gaap, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time the company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. changes to accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the company faces risks related to litigation, regulatory investigations and inquiry and other matters.
the company is a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and plaintiffs may seek very large amounts in class actions or other litigation. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, a substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against the company, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, could harm the company's reputation, result in changes in operations, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. without limiting the foregoing, the litigation and regulatory matters the company is, has been, or may become, subject to include matters related to sales agent recruiting, policy sales practices, claim payments and procedures including denial or delay of benefits, material misstatements or omissions in the company's financial reports or other public statements, and/or corporate governance, corporate culture or business ethics matters. further, the company may be subject to claims of or litigation regarding sexual or other forms of misconduct or harassment, or discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, or other bases, notwithstanding that the company's code of business conduct and ethics prohibits such harassment and discrimination by its employees, the company has ongoing training programs and provides opportunities to report claims of noncompliant conduct, and it investigates and may take disciplinary action regarding alleged harassment or discrimination. any violations of or deviation from laws, regulations, internal or external codes or standards of normative behavior, or perceptions of such violations or deviations, by the company's employees or by independent sales agents could adversely impact the company's reputation and brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
allegations or determinations of agent misclassification could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
a majority of the company's u.s. sales force is, and has historically been, comprised of independent agents. while the company believes that it has properly classified such agents as independent contractors, the company may be subject to claims, regulatory action by state or federal departments of labor or tax authorities, changes in state or federal law, or litigation asserting that such agents are employees. the laws and regulations governing the classification of workers in the u.s. may be changed or interpreted differently compared to past interpretations, including in states where the company generates significant sales through independent agents. an allegation or determination that independent agents in the company's u.s. sales force have been misclassified as independent contractors could result in changes in the company's operations and u.s. business model, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant costs due to legal fees, settlements or judgments against the company, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations certain statements included in this section constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are made based on management's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon the company. the company's actual results may differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements. certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements can be found in the "risk factors" and "forward-looking statements" sections herein.
md&a overview the following financial review provides a discussion of the company's results of operations and financial condition, as well as a summary of the company's critical accounting estimates. this section should be read in conjunction with part i - item 1. business and the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part ii - item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
hedging activities                            55
policy liabilities benefit plans policyholder protection                       59
liquidity and capital resources               59
critical accounting estimates                 66
the company elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. readers should refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations located in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed on february 23, 2021, for reference to discussion of the year ended december 31, 2019, the earliest of the three years presented. amounts reported in this md&a may not foot due to rounding.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary covid-19
the impact of the covid-19 global pandemic on the company continues to evolve. both aflac japan and aflac u.s. have taken measures to address employee health and safety and increase employees' ability to develop and maintain more flexible working conditions, with return to office undertaken as warranted by local conditions, and operations have remained stable throughout 2021. the company continues to monitor its investment portfolios to adjust to market conditions, including the continuing recovery, changes in monetary policy and inflation. both aflac japan and aflac u.s. have accelerated investments in digital initiatives to improve productivity, efficiency and customer service over the long term.
in 2021, sales for aflac japan in yen terms increased 7.7%, compared to 2020, reflecting the launch of a new medical product in january 2021 and a new nursing care product in september 2021, and favorable comparisons due to pandemic conditions in 2020. in 2021, sales for aflac u.s. increased 16.9%, compared to 2020, reflecting increased sales activity as a result of the ongoing economic reopening in the u.s. and favorable comparisons due to pandemic conditions in 2020.
pandemic-related claims and associated reserve increases in both japan and the u.s. did not materially impact financial results in 2021 and were more than offset by a reduction in claims related to non-covid-19 medical needs. the pandemic's impact on economic conditions contributed to sales declines in 2020 and headwinds to sales in 2021, pressuring premium growth rates, which have been partially offset by lower lapse rates in the u.s. the company has not experienced material realized losses or impairments and credit losses associated with the pandemic. the company continues to monitor the effects and risks of covid-19, including its variants (both known and emerging), to assess its impact on economic conditions in japan and the u.s. and on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital position. those impacts may cause changes to estimates of future earnings, capital deployment, regulatory capital position, segment dividend payout ratios and other measures the company provides in this md&a.
investment portfolio the company's investment portfolio was well-positioned entering the crisis, and the company continues to follow its strategy of investing primarily in fixed maturity securities to generate a reliable stream of income. fundamental credit analysis and actively managing the risk profile of the portfolio contributed to the current quality of the company's investments. economic and market conditions have continued to improve since the onset of the pandemic. the continued path of the recovery remains uncertain given the potential longer term impacts of the pandemic. this includes structural changes in employment patterns which are impacting multiple sectors of the economy and contributing to disruptions in the global supply chain, triggering price increases across several areas of the broader economy. supply shortages, upward pressure on wages to attract employees and higher commodity prices have all driven near-term increases in inflation. it remains unclear whether the current elevated levels of inflation are transitory or more lasting, making the ultimate impact on the global economy and markets uncertain, with resulting uncertainty as to the impact on the company's investments.
aflac japan initiatives as of december 31, 2021, aflac japan had over 50% of its workforce working remotely. aflac japan continues to evaluate return to the office measures; however, throughout the pandemic, aflac japan has evaluated its operational capabilities and anticipates that the remote configuration could remain for an indefinite period of time without materially impacting operations.
aflac japan remains focused on generating new business from existing and prospective customers through direct mail and digital methods. aflac japan has also accelerated investments in digital and paperless initiatives designed to increase long term productivity, efficiency, customer service and business continuity.
aflac u.s. and corporate and other initiatives as of december 31, 2021, over 50% of u.s. employees were working remotely. the company's return to worksite for u.s. based employees is expected to be a phased approach that begins in the first quarter of 2022, subject to factors including vaccination rates, the return schedule of school systems and the availability of child care, the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations number of covid-19 cases and the covid-19 replication rate, and the emergence of new variants and hospital capacity in areas of the u.s. where the company has significant operations. for those employees who are working in one of the company's worksites, safety protocols have been put in place that align with or exceed those recommended by the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc). after the return to worksite, the parent company and aflac u.s. expect to adopt a workforce model comprised of a mix of full time office employees, full time remote employees, and employees who will split their time between office and remote work.
the parent company and aflac u.s. also continue to maintain several actions taken for its employees. these include a commitment to cover the costs of covid-19 testing and extended paid leave in certain circumstances.
aflac u.s. policy sales, enrollment and agent recruiting functions are highly dependent upon face-to-face interaction between independent agents and brokers with prospective and new customers and agents. throughout the pandemic, opportunities for such interaction have been significantly reduced by reactions to the pandemic, such as social distancing, shelter in place orders and work from home initiatives. notwithstanding the general improvement of economic conditions to date, the impact of pandemic conditions on aflac u.s. sales remains subject to uncertainty as the effects of varying levels of vaccination and the emergence of covid-19 variants continue to develop. aflac u.s. has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long term productivity, efficiency and customer service. further, aflac u.s. is in its third year of the build-out of its business in the consumer markets channel for the digital direct-to-consumer sale of insurance and sales made through that platform have continued to grow.
major government initiatives government authorities in japan and the u.s. have implemented several initiatives in response to the covid-19 pandemic, including actions designed to mitigate the adverse health effects of the virus and those designed to provide broad-based relief and economic support to all aspects of the economy.
the fsa has requested that financial service providers in japan respond appropriately while continuing their essential operations. this request includes insurance companies, which have been asked to continue essential operations such as benefits and claims payment, including policyholder loans. the fsa has also requested insurance companies to consider flexible interpretation and application of insurance policy provisions and measures required for products from the standpoint of protecting policyholders. in accordance with the fsa's request, aflac japan implemented a measure to pay accidental death benefits and accidental serious disability benefits under its accidental death benefit rider in cases of death or specified serious disabilities from covid-19.
throughout the pandemic, aflac japan has also followed the guidance of the fsa in terms of treating customers with care, ensuring ease and timeliness of claims payments and extended coverage for temporary medical facilities and telemedicine in certain circumstances, and waiver of interest on certain policyholder loans. in mid-2021, in response to the state of emergency declaration issued by the government of japan in july 2021 and august 2021, the grace period on certain premium payments was extended to january 31, 2022 and february 28, 2022, respectively.
throughout the pandemic, aflac u.s. has taken steps to comply with covid-19-related directives issued by state regulatory authorities, including those requiring or requesting premium grace periods. as of december 31, 2021, premium grace periods remained in effect in two states and puerto rico. aflac u.s. continues to work with policyholders in these states upon notification of covid-19-related impacts. aflac u.s. experienced some increase in policy lapses in 2021 in certain states where premium grace periods expired. as the few remaining premium grace periods expire, aflac u.s. expects an increase in lapse rates, and a decrease in corresponding persistency rates.
performance highlights for the full year of 2021, total revenues were down .2% to $22.1 billion, compared with $22.1 billion for the full year of 2020. net earnings were $4.3 billion, or $6.39 per diluted share, compared with $4.8 billion, or $6.67 per diluted share, for the full year of 2020. net earnings in 2020 reflect a $1.4 billion benefit primarily from the release of valuation allowances on deferred foreign tax credits, which were allowed due to u.s. tax regulations released in september 2020.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results for 2021 included pretax net investment gains of $468 million, compared with net investment losses of $270 million in 2020. net investment gains in 2021 included a decrease in credit loss allowances of $27 million; $264 million of net gains from certain derivative and foreign currency gains or losses; $164 million of net gains on equity securities; and $13 million of net gains from sales and redemptions.
adjusted earnings(2) for the full year of 2021 were $4.0 billion, or $5.94 per diluted share, compared with $3.6 billion, or $4.96 per diluted share, in 2020. the weaker yen/dollar exchange rate impacted adjusted earnings per diluted share by $.06.
total investments and cash at december 31, 2021 were $143.0 billion, compared with $149.8 billion at december 31, 2020. in 2021, aflac incorporated repurchased $2.3 billion, or 43.3 million of its common shares. at december 31, 2021, the company had 55.8 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase.
shareholders' equity was $33.3 billion, or $50.99 per share, at december 31, 2021, compared with $33.6 billion, or $48.46 per share, at december 31, 2020. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2021 included a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of $9.6 billion, compared with a net unrealized gain of $10.3 billion at december 31, 2020. shareholders' equity at december 31, 2021 also included an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $2.0 billion, compared with an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $1.1 billion at december 31, 2020. the annualized return on average shareholders' equity in 2021 was 12.9%.
shareholders' equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) (adjusted book value)(2) was $25.9 billion, or $39.65 per share at december 31, 2021, compared with $24.6 billion, or $35.56 per share, at december 31, 2020. the annualized adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact(2) in 2021 was 16.1%.
(2) see the results of operations section of this md&a for a definition of this non-u.s. gaap financial measure.
industry trends the company is impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight and a variety of trends that affect the industries where it competes.
financial and economic environment the company's business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on the company, in part because the company has a large investment portfolio and its insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. see item 1a. risk factors for the risk factor entitled, "difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by covid-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business."
demographics aflac japan segment with japan's aging population and the rise in healthcare costs, supplemental health care insurance products remain attractive. however, due to the aging population and decline in birthrate, new opportunities for customer demographics are not as readily available. japan's existing customers and potential customers seek products that are easily understood, cost-effective and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices.
aflac u.s. segment customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different customer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. customer expectations and preferences are changing. trends indicate existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that are easily understood and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. additionally, income protection and the health needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations regulatory environment see item 1. business - aflac japan government regulation and aflac u.s. government regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the company and the associated risks.
competitive environment see item 1. business - aflac japan competitive markets and aflac u.s. competitive markets for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which the company competes in each of its segments.
2022 outlook the company's strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development, distribution expansion and digital advancements to improve the customer experience.
the company's objectives in 2022 are to navigate the covid-19 pandemic while maintaining strong pre-tax margins in its aflac japan and aflac u.s. segments, continuing to invest in digital technology, and integrating and building upon recent acquisitions. the company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the u.s. will provide support toward these objectives.
the company announced a 21.2% increase in the first quarter 2022 dividend compared to the prior quarter, and it intends to maintain strong capital ratios in aflac japan and aflac u.s. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. the company intends to maintain a minimum smr of 500% for aflac japan and a target minimum rbc of approximately 400% for aflac, consistent with the company's risk management practices.
aflac japan segment for aflac japan, the company anticipates that the shift in premiums over the last five years from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products and first sector protection products, will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios in the aflac japan segment. the company expects that benefit and expense ratios will continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid up policies and reduced sales during the covid-19 pandemic. for the 2022 through 2023 period, the company expects a decline in aflac japan revenue in the range of 3.0% to 4.0% on a compound annual growth rate basis, with a benefit ratio in the range of 67.0% to 69.0% and an expense ratio in the range of 20.5% to 22.5%. the company expects aflac japan to continue to operate with an expense ratio toward the upper end of the range in 2022.
aflac u.s. segment for aflac u.s., the company expects benefit ratios to normalize in 2022 and for expense ratios to remain elevated in light of investments into u.s. platforms, while revenues that have faced pressure due to the impact of the global pandemic are anticipated to return to growth in the near term. for the 2022 through 2023 period, the company expects aflac u.s. revenue growth of 1.0% to 4.0% on a compound annual growth rate basis, with a benefit ratio in the range of 48.0% to 52.0% and an expense ratio in the range of 38.0% to 41.0%.
for important disclosures applicable to statements made in this 2022 outlook, please see the risk factors section and the statement on forward-looking information at the beginning of item 1. business, the risk factors identified in item 1a. and item 7. management discussion and analysis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations the company earns its revenues principally from insurance premiums and investments. the company's operating expenses primarily consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing its products. profitability for the company depends principally on its ability to price its insurance products at a level that enables the company to earn a margin over the costs associated with providing benefits and administering those products. profitability also depends on, among other items, actuarial and policyholder behavior experience on insurance products, and the company's ability to attract and retain customer assets, generate and maintain favorable investment results, effectively deploy capital and utilize tax capacity, and manage expenses.
this document includes references to the company's financial performance measures which are not calculated in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) (non-u.s. gaap). the financial measures exclude items that the company believes may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations.
due to the size of aflac japan, where the functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in yen and never converted into dollars but translated into dollars for u.s. gaap reporting purposes, which results in foreign currency impact to earnings, cash flows and book value on a u.s. gaap basis. management evaluates the company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor, respectively, cumulative currency impacts on book value and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. the average yen/dollar exchange rate is based on the published mufg bank, ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (ttm).
adjusted earnings are adjusted revenues less benefits and adjusted expenses. adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are the adjusted earnings for the period divided by the weighted average outstanding shares (basic or diluted) for the period presented. the adjustments to both revenues and expenses account for certain items that cannot be predicted or that are outside management's control. adjusted revenues are u.s. gaap total revenues excluding adjusted net investment gains and losses. adjusted expenses are u.s. gaap total acquisition and operating expenses including the impact of interest cash flows from derivatives associated with notes payable but excluding any nonrecurring or other items not associated with the normal course of the company's insurance operations and that do not reflect the company's underlying business performance. management uses adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of the company's insurance operations on a consolidated basis and believes that a presentation of these financial measures is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of the company's insurance business. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
adjusted net investment gains and losses are net investment gains and losses adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity, ii) net interest cash flows from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are both reclassified to net investment income, and iii) the impact of interest cash flows from derivatives associated with notes payable, which is reclassified to interest expense as a component of total adjusted expenses. the company considers adjusted net investment gains and losses important as it represents the remainder amount that is considered outside management's control, while excluding the components that are within management's control and are accordingly reclassified to net investment income and interest expense. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted net investment gains and losses is net investment gains and losses.
amortized hedge costs/income represent costs/income incurred or recognized as a result of using foreign currency derivatives to hedge certain foreign exchange risks in the company's japan segment or in corporate and other. these amortized hedge costs/ income are estimated at the inception of the derivatives based on the specific terms of each contract and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the hedge. the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations company believes that amortized hedge costs/income measure the periodic currency risk management costs/income related to hedging certain foreign currency exchange risks and are an important component of net investment income. there is no comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for amortized hedge costs/ income.
adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates fluctuations driven solely by foreign currency exchange rate changes. adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact important because a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside management's control; therefore, the company believes it is important to understand the impact of translating foreign currency (primarily japanese yen) into u.s. dollars. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively.
adjusted book value is the u.s. gaap book value (representing total shareholders' equity), less aoci as recorded on the u.s. gaap balance sheet. adjusted book value per common share is adjusted book value at the period end divided by the ending outstanding common shares for the period presented. the company considers adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share important as they exclude aoci, which fluctuates due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share are total book value and total book value per common share, respectively.
adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding the current period foreign currency impact divided by average shareholders' equity, excluding aoci. the company considers adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact important as it excludes changes in foreign currency and components of aoci, which fluctuate due to market movements that are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is roe as determined using net earnings and average total shareholders' equity.
u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact represents amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. the company considers u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact important as it eliminates the impact of foreign currency changes on the aflac japan segment results, which are outside management's control. the most comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for u.s. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact is the corresponding net investment income amount from the u.s. dollar denominated investments translated to yen.
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures of net earnings and net earnings per diluted share, respectively, for the years ended december 31.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted earnings in millions   per diluted share
items impacting net earnings:
income tax (benefit) expense on items                     83                        (72)                   .12                                    (.10)
(2) one-time tax benefit recognized in 2020 representing the release of valuation allowances on deferred foreign tax credits due to new tax regulations.
reconciling items net investment gains and losses reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses
items impacting net investment (gains) losses:
net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies            (30)                     12
the company's investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. the company does not purchase securities with the intent of generating investment gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of the company's insurance products. net investment gains and losses excluded from adjusted earnings include the following:
securities transactions
credit losses
changes in the fair value of equity securities
certain derivative and foreign currency activities.
securities transactions, credit losses and changes in the fair value of equity securities securities transactions include gains and losses from sales and redemptions of investments where the amount received is different from the amortized cost of the investment. credit losses include losses for held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, loan receivables, loan commitments and reinsurance recoverables. changes in the fair value of equity securities are the result of gains or losses driven by fluctuations in market prices.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations certain derivative and foreign currency activities the company's derivative activities include:
foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk on u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan's portfolio, with options used on a standalone basis and/or in a collar strategy
cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with certain senior notes and subordinated debentures
foreign currency swaps that are associated with vie bond purchase commitments, and investments in special-purpose entities, including vies where the company is the primary beneficiary
interest rate swaptions used to hedge changes in the fair value associated with interest rate fluctuations for certain u.s. dollar-denominated available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities
bond purchase commitments at the inception of investments in consolidated vies.
gains and losses are recognized as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. the company also excludes from adjusted earnings the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the foreign currency exchange rate.
for additional information regarding net investment gains and losses, including details of reported amounts for the periods presented, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the u.s. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. the system can result in periodic charges to the company as a result of insolvencies/bankruptcies that occur with other companies in the life insurance industry. some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. these charges neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance, but result from external situations not controlled by the company. the company excludes any charges associated with u.s. guaranty fund assessments and the corresponding tax benefit or expense from adjusted earnings.
other items excluded from adjusted earnings included integration costs related to the company's acquisition of zurich north america's u.s. corporate life and pensions business; these costs primarily consist of expenditures for legal, accounting, consulting, integration of systems and processes and other similar services. these integration costs amounted to $26 million and $13 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the company considers the costs associated with the early redemption of its debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in its insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and the company considers these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with its insurance operations. in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from its april 2021 issuance of various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023. the pretax expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $48 million. in january 2020, the parent company used the net proceeds from senior notes issued in december 2019 to redeem $350 million of its 4.00% senior notes due february 2022. the pretax expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $15 million.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations income taxes the company's combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 18.7% in 2021 and (14.9)% in 2020. in 2021, the combined effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to new tax regulations released in the third quarter of 2020 and historic and solar tax credits. in 2020, the combined effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the release of certain valuation allowances established on the company's deferred foreign tax credit benefits. the release of these valuation allowances was a result of the issuance of final and proposed regulations by the u.s. treasury and internal revenue service in september 2020, and resulted in a one-time income tax benefit of $1.4 billion in the third quarter of 2020. total income taxes were $1.0 billion in 2021 and $(.6) billion in 2020. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of the company's consolidated income tax expense.
for additional information, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the critical accounting estimates - income taxes section of this md&a.
the company expects that its effective tax rate for future periods will be approximately 20%. the effective tax rate continues to be subject to future tax law changes both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. see the risk factor entitled "tax rates applicable to the company may change" in part i, item 1a. risk factors for more information.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the weighted average japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate for the reporting period, except realized gains and losses on securities transactions which are translated at the exchange rate on the trade date of each transaction. yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using the spot japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.
results of operations by segment u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, the company is required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets. the company's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. in addition, the parent company, other business units that are not individually reportable, and business activities, including reinsurance retrocession activities, not included in aflac japan or aflac u.s. are included in corporate and other. see the item 1. business section of this form 10-k for a summary of each segment's products and distribution channels.
consistent with u.s. gaap guidance for segment reporting, pretax adjusted earnings is the company's u.s. gaap measure of segment performance. the company believes that a presentation of this measure is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of its business. additional performance measures used to evaluate the financial condition and performance of the company's segments are listed below.
average weekly producer for additional information on the company's performance measures included in this md&a, see the glossary of selected terms found directly following part iv. see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of segment results to the company's consolidated u.s. gaap results and additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims, net                                              7,963                       8,851
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                       653                         644
total benefits and adjusted expenses                                 11,171                      12,108
(1) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $(33) and $9 in 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2021, were 1.36 trillion, compared with 1.43 trillion in 2020. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of 4.7% in 2021 and 4.2% in 2020 was driven primarily by limited-pay products reaching paid up status and lower sales during the covid-19 pandemic. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $11.8 billion in 2021 and $13.8 billion in 2020.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income were determined using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. see non-u.s. gaap financial measures defined above.
benefits and claims, net                                    53.3   %           57.6   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            4.4                4.2
benefits and claims, net                                    67.2   %           69.9   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            5.5                5.1
in 2021, the benefit ratio to total premiums decreased, compared to the prior year, primarily due to favorable third sector claims experience, higher surrenders in aflac japan's third sector business, and the continued change in mix of first and third sector business. in 2021, the adjusted expense ratio increased slightly mainly due to an increase in personnel expenses and an increase in advertising expenses related to promotion of new medical and care products. in total for 2021, the pretax adjusted profit margin increased primarily due to lower benefit ratios.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details the contributions to aflac japan's new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended december 31.
(1) includes term and whole life the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, third sector products, which include cancer, medical and income support insurance products. aflac japan has been focusing more on promotion of cancer and medical insurance products in this low-interest-rate environment. these products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector savings products. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, the company expects the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future and that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of its product portfolio.
sales of protection-type first sector and third sector products on a yen basis increased 7.8% in 2021, compared with 2020. the increase reflected the introduction of new products in the first and third quarters of 2021. nevertheless, during 2021 aflac japan continued to face various degrees of covid-19 related restrictions in japan that served to limit face-to-face sales opportunities.
sales of aflac japan cancer products in the japan post group channel experienced a material decline beginning in august 2019 which continued in 2021. japan post group resumed proactive sales of cancer insurance policies on april 1, 2021 and aflac japan continues to strengthen the strategic alliance. in april 2022, approximately 10,000 employees of japan post co. are expected to be transferred to japan post insurance. japan post group has informed aflac japan that these employees' responsibilities will include sales of japan post insurance products and aflac japan products to the exclusion of other financial products. the company expects continued collaboration to further position both companies for long-term growth and a gradual improvement of japan post group cancer insurance sales in the intermediate term. for example, during 2021 aflac japan has observed an increase in the number of proposals to potential customers in the japan post group channel, and the japan post group is expected to conduct a nationwide campaign to improve certain sales process practices. for additional information, see the risk factor entitled "sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the u.s. and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan," in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, aflac japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance application by allowing the customer and an aflac japan operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. further, aflac japan continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online.
(1) includes japan post item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2021, aflac japan recruited 62 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2021, aflac japan was represented by more than 8,000 sales agencies, with approximately 112,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. the number of sales agencies has declined in recent years due to aflac japan's focus on supporting agencies with strong management frameworks, high productivity and more producing agents.
at december 31, 2021, aflac japan had agreements to sell its products at 360 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan.
strategic alliance with japan post holdings as previously reported, on december 19, 2018, the parent company and aflac japan entered into a basic agreement with japan post holdings co., ltd., a japanese corporation (japan post holdings). pursuant to the terms of the basic agreement, among other items, japan post holdings and aflac japan agreed to reconfirm existing initiatives regarding cancer insurance and to consider new joint initiatives, including leveraging digital technology in various processes and cooperation in new product development to promote customer-centric business management. in june 2021, the parent company, aflac japan and japan post group agreed to pursue several specific initiatives toward building a "'co-creation platform' to support customers and local communities," consistent with japan post group's medium-term management plan announced in may 2021. the initiatives are directed at, among other items, the promotion of aflac japan cancer insurance, digital transformation within the japan post group, and certain diversity efforts.
on february 28, 2019, the parent company entered a shareholders agreement with japan post holdings, j&a alliance holdings corporation, a delaware corporation, solely in its capacity as trustee of j&a alliance trust, a new york voting trust (trust), and general incorporated association j&a alliance, a japanese general incorporated association. pursuant to the shareholders agreement, japan post holdings agreed to cause the trust to use commercially reasonable efforts to acquire, through open market or private block purchases in the u.s., beneficial ownership of approximately 7% of the common stock in connection with the basic agreement. according to a schedule 13g/a filed by japan post holdings with the sec on january 6, 2021, the trust had beneficially acquired 7.45% of the outstanding common shares as of december 31, 2020. japan post holdings is the sole beneficiary of the trust.
on may 1, 2020, the parent company filed a registration statement on form s-3 that registered the sale of its common stock from time to time by j&a alliance holdings corporation in its capacity as trustee of the trust. the filing was made strictly pursuant to a contractual requirement contained in the shareholders agreement. notwithstanding the filing of the form s-3, the trust continues to be subject to a lockup period for a period expiring four years after the trust acquired 7% of the parent company's outstanding shares. after expiration of such period, the trust has agreed not to own more than the greater of 10% of the parent company's outstanding shares or such shares representing 22.5% of the voting rights in the parent company.
in light of the fact that the shares acquired by the trust, like all aflac incorporated common shares, will be eligible for 10-for-1 voting rights after being held for 48 consecutive months, the shareholders agreement further provides for voting restrictions that effectively limit the trustee's voting rights to no more than 20% of the voting rights in the parent company and further restrict the trustee's voting rights with respect to certain change in control transactions. japan post holdings will not have a board seat on the parent company's board of directors and will not have rights to control, manage or intervene in the management of the parent company.
the foregoing is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the basic agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.1 to the company's current report on form 8-k filed december 19, 2018, and the shareholders agreement, a copy of which is attached as exhibit 10.50 to the company's quarterly report on form 10-q filed april 26, 2019, the terms of which exhibits are incorporated herein by reference.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in yen and u.s. dollar-denominated investments. yen-denominated investments primarily consist of jgbs, public and private fixed maturity securities and public equity securities. aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments include fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including alternative investments in limited partnerships or similar investment vehicles. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments.
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                             171                     385
equity securities                                           216                     276
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                          $1,963                  $1,393
equity securities                                             8                       0
transitional real estate loans                            1,768                     688
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the investments and hedging activities sections of this md&a for additional information on the company's investments and hedging strategies.
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims                                          2,447                    2,765
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              517                      570
total benefits and adjusted expenses                         5,011                    5,297
(1) net interest cash flows from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of $2 and $3 in 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income.
in 2021, aflac u.s. net earned premiums decreased, primarily due to constrained sales as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. total adjusted revenues decreased in 2021, mainly due to the decline in net earned premiums from reduced sales activity, partially offset by the increase in adjusted net investment income from higher variable net investment income. the increase in pretax adjusted earnings was primarily driven by the lower-than-expected benefit ratios due to lower incurred claims related to pandemic conditions.
annualized premiums in force decreased 1.6% in 2021 and decreased 3.2% in 2020. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $6.0 billion in 2021, compared with $6.1 billion in 2020.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents a summary of operating ratios for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims                                         37.7   %           42.1   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            8.0                8.7
benefits and claims                                         43.6               48.0
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            9.2                9.9
the benefit ratio to total premiums decreased in 2021, compared with 2020, reflecting reduced estimates of both covid-19-related and non-covid-19-related incurred claims since the advent of the pandemic. the adjusted expense ratio increased in 2021, compared with 2020, primarily due to planned spending on buy-to-build investments, offset slightly by lower deferred policy acquisition cost (dac) amortization related to elevated persistency. the pretax adjusted profit margin increased in 2021 when compared with 2020, primarily due to lower benefit ratios.
new annualized premium sales for accident insurance, the leading aflac u.s. product category, increased 12.7%, disability sales increased 14.2%, critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased 13.0%, and hospital indemnity insurance sales increased 6.6% in 2021, compared with 2020. the increase in sales for aflac u.s. in 2021 is primarily attributable to increased sales activity as a result of the ongoing economic reopening in the u.s. and favorable comparisons due to pandemic conditions in 2020. aflac u.s. expects this trend of increasing sales to continue in 2022. see the executive summary section entitled covid-19 of this md&a for additional information.
disability                    23.1                   22.3
critical care (1)             21.3                   22.2
hospital indemnity            16.4                   18.0
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products in 2021, the aflac u.s. sales force included an average of approximately 6,000 u.s. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. the company believes that this average weekly producer equivalent metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity. aflac u.s. believes that during 2021, constraints in the labor market limited its recruiting of new sales agents, and that limitations on face-to-face sales opportunities during the covid-19 pandemic suppressed the development of newly recruited agents into business producers and the productivity of veteran agents and brokers. while item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations gains were made in recruiting in 2021 compared to 2020, most notably among recruited brokers, aflac u.s. believes that the above factors have acted as a headwind to sales and to growth in the number of average weekly producers during 2021. aflac u.s. remains focused on mitigating and reversing these trends as the u.s. economy continues to recover from the pandemic.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, aflac u.s. remains focused on supporting its agency channel, most of which are small businesses, by offering financial support and an extended value proposition. the aflac u.s. sales team has pivoted to accommodate preferred enrollment conditions which include realizing sales at the worksite through in-person enrollment, an enrollment call center, video enrollment through co-browsing and self-enrollment. the traditional agent sales team is also using virtual recruiting and training through video conferencing in order to maintain or increase the recruiting pipeline. the aflac u.s. broker sales team is focused on product enhancements due to covid-19 as well as leveraging technology based solutions to drive enrollment.
in november 2020, the company, through its insurance subsidiaries aflac and aflac new york, acquired zurich north america's u.s. corporate life and pensions business, which consists of group life, disability and absence management products. aflac and aflac new york agreed to reinsure on an indemnity basis zurich north america's u.s. in-force group life and disability policies with annualized earned premium of over $100 million. aflac also acquired assets needed to support the group life and disability business, along with an absence management platform.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables.
fixed maturity securities:
other fixed maturity securities                            $770                    $573
equity securities                                           213                       8
transitional real estate loans                              525                     143
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the results of aflac's u.s. investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
(1) includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of item 7a. for more information regarding the sector concentrations of the company's investments.
benefits and claims, net                                                166                      180
total benefits and adjusted expenses                                    473                      499
(1) the change in value of federal historic rehabilitation and solar investments in partnerships of $138 in 2021 is included as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits on these investments of $115 in 2021 have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of earnings. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these investments.
in 2021, the decrease in total adjusted revenues was primarily driven by a decline in adjusted net investment income as a result of the change in value of federal historic rehabilitation and solar investments in partnerships discussed below, as well as lower amortized hedge income. the decrease in pretax adjusted earnings in 2021 was primarily driven by lower adjusted net investment income.
the parent company invests in partnerships that specialize in rehabilitating historic structures or the installation of solar equipment in order to receive federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credits. these investments are classified as limited partnerships and included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheet. the change in value of each investment is recorded as a reduction to net investment income. tax credits generated by these investments are recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statement of earnings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2020, the company purchased newly issued common stock of trupanion, inc., a provider of medical insurance for pets in the united states and canada, resulting in the company owning approximately 9% of the outstanding common stock of trupanion, inc. the shares were registered for resale and, pursuant to the shareholder agreement, subject to certain exceptions, the company has agreed that it will not transfer its shares of trupanion, inc. common stock during a restricted period ending on november 13, 2023. the company also entered into an alliance agreement with trupanion, inc. to sell pet insurance in worksites in the u.s., subject to certain exceptions, and to explore on an exclusive basis potential distribution opportunities for pet insurance in japan.
investments the company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. in attempting to optimally balance these objectives, the company seeks to maintain on behalf of aflac japan a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen and a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated assets. as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. invests in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loans. additionally, on november 17, 2021, the company became a signatory to the principles for responsible investment, a global framework for incorporating environmental, social and governance (esg) considerations into investment and ownership decisions.
for additional information concerning the company's investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investment securities by segment
(in millions)                                                                    aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available for sale, fixed maturity securities,                                 $81,793                    $14,910                           $1,993                         $98,696
at fair value held to maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)              22,000                          0                                0                          22,000
equity securities                                                                  714                        226                              663                           1,603
transitional real estate loans (1)                                               4,226                      1,020                               45                           5,291
limited partnerships                                                             1,534                        169                              155                           1,858
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(in millions)                                                                    aflac japan                 aflac u.s.                 corporate and other                      total available for sale, fixed maturity securities,                                 $88,757                    $15,133                           $1,992                        $105,882
at fair value held to maturity, fixed maturity securities, at amortized cost (1)              24,464                          0                                0                          24,464
equity securities                                                                  674                         66                              543                           1,283
transitional real estate loans (1)                                               4,331                        900                                0                           5,231
limited partnerships                                                               828                         91                               85                           1,004
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) includes securities lending collateral the ratings of the company's securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major rating organizations such as moody's, standard & poor's and fitch or, if not rated, are determined based on the company's internal analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, the company utilizes the second lowest rating when three or more rating agency ratings are available or the lowest rating when only two rating agency ratings are available.
the distributions of fixed maturity securities the company owns, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of fixed maturity securities by credit rating
as of december 31, 2021, the company's direct and indirect exposure to securities in its investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in the company's portfolio as of december 31, 2021.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(in millions)                             credit                                                  amortized                           fair   unrealized loss rating                                                       cost                          value klm royal dutch airlines                           b                                   $146                               $128                             $(18)
nippon prologis reit inc.                          a                                     87                                 82                               (5)
mitsui fudosan co. ltd.                            a                                     91                                 88                               (3)
generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. the company believes these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions and other corporate investments.
below-investment-grade securities the company's portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is the company's below-investment-grade exposure at december 31.
investcorp capital limited                     $372                         $371                         $373                       $2
autostrade per litalia spa                      174                          172                          203                       31
telecom italia spa                              174                          174                          218                       44
generalitat de catalunya                         70                           27                           86                       59
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade the company invests in middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the objectives of this program include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company maintains an allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but the company also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance the company's yield on invested assets and further diversify credit risk. all investments in this program must have a minimum rating at purchase of low bb using the company's above described rating methodology and are managed by the company's internal credit portfolio management team.
fixed maturity securities by sector the company maintains diversification in investments by sector to avoid concentrations to any one sector, thus managing exposure risk. the following table shows the distribution of fixed maturities by sector classification as of december 31.
municipalities                                                         2,867                      613                           (7)                   3,473                     2.7
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                                  1,197                       52                           (3)                   1,246                     1.1
public utilities                                                       8,286                    1,827                           (6)                  10,106                     7.8
utility/energy                                                           677                      140                           (1)                     815                      .6
banks/financial institutions                                          10,132                    1,534                          (76)                  11,591                     9.5
capital goods                                                          3,340                      576                           (8)                   3,908                     3.1
total fixed maturity securities                                     $107,369                  $18,435                        $(239)                $125,565                   100.0   %
(1) net of allowance for credit losses securities by type of issuance the company has investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. the company's ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
investment securities by type of issuance
(in millions)                                                amortizedcost (1)                                        fair                         amortizedcost (1)                                        fair value                                                                                 value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturity securities                              $88,552                                        $103,034                               $95,545                                        $111,479
equity securities                                          950                                             950                                   740                                             740
privately issued securities: (2)
fixed maturity securities (3)                           18,817                                          22,531                                20,511                                          24,802
equity securities                                          653                                             653                                   543                                             543
total investment securities                           $108,972                                        $127,168                              $117,339                                        $137,564
(1) net of allowance for credit losses
(2) primarily consists of securities owned by aflac japan
(3) excludes rule 144a securities the following table details the company's reverse-dual currency securities as of december 31.
reverse-dual currency securities(1)
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                                   $4,784                   $5,300
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities            1,596                    1,775
total reverse-dual currency securities                                              $6,380                   $7,075
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment                   5.9   %                  6.0   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing the company to improve asset/liability matching and overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of the company's notes.
hedging activities the company uses derivative contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. the company uses various strategies, including derivatives, to manage these risks. see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for more information about market risk and the company's use of derivatives.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency exchange rate risk hedge program the company has deployed the following hedging strategies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk:
aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan (see aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program below).
the parent company designates yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments and designates certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the company's net investment in aflac japan (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the parent company enters into forward and option contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by its subsidiary, alij, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs. (see enterprise corporate hedging program below).
the following table presents metrics related to aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated hedge program and the parent company's enterprise corporate hedging program, including associated amortized hedge costs/income, for the years ended december 31. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of amortized hedge costs/income.
(1) notional is reported net of any offsetting positions within aflac japan or the parent company, respectively.
aflac japan buys u.s. dollar-denominated investments, typically corporate bonds, and hedges them back to yen with foreign currency forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. this economically creates yen assets that match yen liabilities during the life of the derivative and provides favorable capital treatment under the japan smr item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations calculations. the currency risk being hedged is generally based on fair value of hedged investments. the following table summarizes the u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan as of december 31.
(in millions)                                                           amortized cost (1)            fair                  amortized cost (1)            fair value                                               value available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities (excluding bank loans)                          $17,615              $20,478                        $19,249              $21,108
fixed maturity securities - bank loans (floating rate)                          0                    0                            319                  283
equity securities                                                              24                   24                             20                   20
transitional real estate loans (floating rate)                              4,226                4,293                          4,331                4,298
available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturity securities - economically converted to yen                   2,236                3,328                          2,085                3,094
(1) net of allowance for credit losses the u.s. dollar program includes all u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan other than the investments in certain consolidated vies where the instrument is economically converted to yen as a result of a derivative in the consolidated vie. the company uses one-sided foreign currency put options to mitigate the settlement risk on u.s. dollar-denominated assets related to extreme foreign currency rate changes. from time to time, aflac japan also maintains a collar program on a portion of its u.s. dollar program to mitigate against more extreme moves in foreign exchange and therefore support smr. as of december 31, 2021, there were no collars in aflac japan, and none of the company's foreign currency options hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated assets were in-the-money.
in 2021, the company moved to a strategy that contains one-sided put options, fewer foreign currency forwards and no collars. the company believes that the new strategy will reduce its exposure to pricing volatility and the related risk of negative settlements should there be a material weakening in the yen. depending on further developments, including the possibility of further market volatility, there may be additional costs associated with maintaining the options program. the company is continually evaluating other adjustments, including the possibility of changing the level of hedging employed with the u.s. dollar-denominated investments.
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. the following table presents the settlements associated with the company's currency derivatives used for hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments for the years ended december 31.
enterprise corporate hedging program the company has designated certain yen-denominated liabilities and foreign currency forwards and options of the parent company as accounting hedges of its net investment in aflac japan. the company's consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $10.2 billion as of december 31, 2021, with hedging instruments comprised of $3.3 billion of yen-denominated debt and $6.9 billion of foreign currency forwards and options, compared with $9.9 billion as of december 31, 2020, with hedging instruments comprised of $2.9 billion of yen-denominated debt and $7.0 billion of foreign currency forwards and options.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company makes its accounting designation of net investment hedge at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivative notional is equal to or less than the company's net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the currency exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. the company's net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. for additional information on the company's net investment hedging strategy, see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in order to economically mitigate risks associated with the enterprise-wide exposure to the yen and the level and volatility of hedge costs, the parent company enters into foreign exchange forward and option contracts. by buying u.s. dollars and selling yen, the parent company is effectively lowering its overall economic exposure to the yen, while aflac japan's u.s. dollar exposure remains reduced as a result of aflac japan's u.s. dollar program that economically creates yen assets. among other objectives, this strategy is intended to offset the enterprise-wide amortized hedge costs by generating amortized hedge income. this activity is reported in corporate and other. the company continually evaluates the program's efficacy.
interest rate risk hedge program aflac japan and aflac u.s. use interest rate swaps from time to time to mitigate the risk of investment income volatility for certain variable-rate investments. additionally, to manage interest rate risk associated with its u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan, from time to time the company utilizes interest rate swaptions.
for additional discussion of the risks associated with the foreign currency exposure refer to the currency risk section in item 7a., quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, and item 1a, specifically to the risk factors titled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity."
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's hedging activities.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment and in total for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits                              $81,176                    $88,652
other policy liabilities                              9,534                     11,299
total japan policy liabilities                       93,613                    103,128
future policy benefits                                9,865                      9,674
other policy liabilities                                119                        126
total u.s. policy liabilities                        11,916                     11,810
future policy benefits                               90,588                     97,783
other policy liabilities                              9,648                     11,421
total consolidated policy liabilities (1)          $105,072                   $114,391
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's policy liabilities.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on the company's japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection policyholder protection corporation the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. in november 2016, japan's diet passed legislation that again extends the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2022. on february 1, 2022, the fsa submitted legislation to japan's diet that would extend the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2027, subject to final approval in the diet. effective april 2014, the annual lippc contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion to 33 billion. aflac japan recognized an expense of 1.8 billion and 1.9 billion for lippc assessments in the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
guaranty fund assessments under u.s. state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. the amount of the guaranty fund assessment that an insurer is assessed is based on its proportionate share of premiums in that state. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on guaranty fund assessments.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the company. capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of the businesses, fund business growth and provide for an ability to withstand adverse circumstances. financial leverage (leverage) refers to an investment strategy of using debt to increase the potential roe. the company targets and actively manages liquidity, capital and leverage in the context of a number of considerations, including:
financial flexibility and obligations
capital support for hedging activity
a balanced approach to capital allocation and shareholder deployment.
the governance framework supporting liquidity, capital and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital related decisions.
the company's cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure. the target minimum amount for the parent company's cash and cash equivalents is approximately $2.0 billion to provide a capital buffer and liquidity support at the holding company. this amount excludes $400 million of proceeds from the issuance of senior sustainability notes discussed below, unallocated proceeds of which contribute to total cash but are not intended to support holding company liquidity. amid the covid-19 pandemic, the company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. at december 31, 2021, the company held $5.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents for stress conditions, which includes the parent company's target minimum amount of $2.0 billion.
aflac japan and aflac u.s. generate cash flows from their operations and provide the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through management fees and dividends, with aflac japan being the largest contributor. the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock, interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table presents the amounts provided to the parent company for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by subsidiaries to parent company
the following table details aflac japan remittances, which are included in the totals above, for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
the company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral and mitigating against long-term weakening of the japanese yen. further, the company plans to continue to maintain a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments at aflac japan and to consider whether the amount of such investments should be increased or decreased relative to the company's view of economic equity surplus in aflac japan in light of potentially rising hedge costs and other factors. see the hedging activity subsection of this md&a for more information.
the company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
the following table presents the estimated payments of the company's material cash requirements from known contractual obligations as of december 31, 2021. the company translated its yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2021, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(in millions)                                                      total                       total                 short-term payments                  long-term payments liability(1)                    payments future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)              $90,588                      $223,537                          $8,967                            $214,570
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)                  4,836                         4,836                           3,081                               1,755
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)               2,162                         2,162                           2,162                                   0
(1) liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021.
(2) the estimated payments reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with the company's experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(4) these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows exceeds the corresponding liability amount.
in addition to cash and cash equivalents, the company also maintains credit facilities, both intercompany and with external partners, and a number of other available tools to support liquidity needs on a global basis. in september 2021, the parent company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec that allows the company to issue an indefinite amount of debt securities, in one or more series, from time to time until september 2024. the company believes outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. additionally, as of december 31, 2021, the parent company and aflac had four lines of credit with third parties and ten intercompany lines of credit. the company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2021. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the company's consolidated financial statements convey its financing arrangements during the periods presented. the company has not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in its balance sheet or disclosed therein. as of december 31, 2021, the company had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. the company has not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the company's securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes and the risk factors entitled, "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity," the company is not aware of any trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in its liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount.
consolidated cash flows the company consistently generates positive cash flows from operations, and has the ability to adjust cash flow management from other sources of liquidity including reinvestment cash flows and selling investments in order to meet short-term cash needs.
the company translates cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
operating activities                                  $5,051                   $5,958
investing activities                                 (2,378)                  (4,619)
financing activities                                 (2,739)                  (1,115)
operating activities the principal cash inflows for the company's insurance activities come from insurance premiums and investment income. the principal cash outflows are the result of policy claims, operating expenses, income tax, as well as interest expense. as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments.
the company expects its future cash flows from premiums and investment portfolios to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. consolidated cash flow from operations decreased 15.2% in 2021, compared with 2020.
investing activities the company's investment objectives provide for liquidity primarily through the purchase of publicly traded investment-grade debt securities. prudent portfolio management dictates that the company attempts to match the duration of its assets with the duration of its liabilities. currently, when the company's fixed maturity securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of the company's business and its strong cash flows provide the company with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. from time to time or when market opportunities arise, the company disposes of selected fixed maturity securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance its portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year.
as part of its overall corporate strategy, the company has committed $400 million to aflac ventures, llc (aflac ventures), as opportunities emerge. aflac ventures is a subsidiary of aflac global ventures, llc (aflac global ventures) which is reported in corporate and other. the central mission of aflac global ventures is to support the organic growth and business development needs of aflac japan and aflac u.s. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. investments are included in equity securities or the other investments line in the consolidated balance sheets.
as part of an arrangement with federal home loan bank of atlanta (fhlb), aflac u.s. obtains low-cost funding from fhlb supported by acceptable forms of collateral pledged by aflac u.s. in 2021, aflac u.s. borrowed and repaid $309 million under this program. as of december 31, 2021, aflac u.s. had outstanding borrowings of $400 million reported in its balance sheet.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on certain investment commitments.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends to shareholders and from time to time debt issuances and redemptions.
in april 2021, the parent company issued five series of senior notes totaling 82.0 billion through a public debt offering under its then existing u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 30.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .633% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2031. the second series, which totaled 12.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .844% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2033. the third series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.039% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2036. the fourth series, which totaled 10.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.264% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2041. the fifth series, which totaled 20.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rate of 1.560% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2051. the notes are redeemable at the parent company's option (i) at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance or (ii) on or after the date that is six months prior to the stated maturity date of the series, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
in may 2021, the parent company used a portion of the net proceeds from the april 2021 issuance of its various series of senior notes to redeem $700 million of its 3.625% senior notes due june 2023.
in march 2021, the parent company issued $400 million of senior sustainability notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 1.125% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in march 2026. the company intends, but is not contractually committed, to allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from this issuance exclusively to existing or future investments in, or financing of, assets, businesses or projects that meet the eligibility criteria of the company's sustainability bond framework described in the offering documentation in connection with such notes. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the yield to maturity for a u.s. treasury security with a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes, plus 10 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.
in april 2020, the parent company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.60% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in april 2030. these notes are redeemable at the parent company's option in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (ii) the amount equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments for principal of and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of the payments of interest accrued as of such redemption date, discounted to such redemption date on a semiannual basis at the yield to maturity for a u.s. treasury security with a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the notes, plus 45 basis points, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, such redemption date.
in march 2020, the parent company issued four series of senior notes totaling 57.0 billion through a public debt offering under its u.s. shelf registration statement. the first series, which totaled 12.4 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .300% per annum, payable semi-annually and will mature in september 2025. the second series, which totaled 13.3 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .550% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in march 2030. the third series, which totaled 20.7 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .750% per annum, payable semi-annually and will mature in march 2032. the fourth series, which totaled 10.6 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of .830% per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in march 2035. these notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance.
in january 2020, the parent company used the net proceeds from senior notes issued in december 2019 to redeem $350 million of its 4.00% fixed-rate senior notes due february 2022.
cash returned to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends was $3.2 billion in 2021, compared with $2.3 billion in 2020.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
in august 2020, the company's board of directors authorized the purchase of 100 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2021, a remaining balance of 55.8 million shares of the company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2021 of $1.32 per share increased 17.9% over 2020. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
in november 2021, the board of directors announced a 21.2% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective with the first quarter of 2022. the first quarter 2022 cash dividend of $.40 per share is payable on march 1, 2022, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2022.
regulatory restrictions aflac japan aflac japan is required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the parent company. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary is basically defined as total equity excluding common stock, accumulated other comprehensive income amounts, capital reserves (representing statutorily required amounts in japan) but reduced for net after-tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. these dividend capacity requirements are generally aligned with the smr. japan's fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore the company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity, including the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the parent company and parent company capital contributions. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, the company has one senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the amount of 100 billion and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 120 billion as a capital contingency plan. additionally, the company could take action to enter into derivatives on unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments with foreign currency options or forwards. see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, the company employs policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. in order for a prm-designated asset to be held at amortized cost, there are certain criteria that must be maintained. the primary criterion relates to maintaining the duration of designated assets and liabilities within a specified tolerance range. if the duration difference is not maintained within the specified range without rebalancing, then a certain portion of the assets must be re-classified as available for sale and held at fair value with any associated unrealized gain or loss recorded in surplus. to rebalance, assets may need to be sold in order to maintain the duration with the specified range, resulting in realizing a gain or loss from the sale. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. the company also uses foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its u.s. dollar-denominated investments. see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.
aflac japan's smr ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2021, aflac japan's smr was 1,012%, compared with 963% at december 31, 2020. the company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels throughout the pandemic, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings.
the fsa is considering the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime based on the insurance capital standards (ics) for insurance companies in japan. the fsa is currently conducting field testing with insurance companies in japan for the purpose of investigating the impact of the introduction of regulations. provisional specifications are expected to be decided in 2022, and a new capital regime to replace the current solvency regime may be introduced as early as 2025.
a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. the continued long-term growth of the company's business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of its insurance operations. the company's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, reduced dividends paid to the parent company, capital contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's rbc formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations.
the combined rbc ratio for aflac u.s. as of december 31, 2021 was 659%, compared with 550% as of december 31, 2020. the company calculates its combined rbc ratio to include all u.s. regulated life insurance entities as if a single combined u.s. rbc entity net of intercompany items related to capital resources and risk.
the table below presents rbc ratios for the company's u.s. life insurance subsidiaries as of december 31, the most recently statutory fiscal year-end for the subsidiaries for which rbc was filed. the company intends to maintain a target minimum rbc of approximately 400% for aflac, consistent with the company's risk management practices.
the naic completed its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework. the smi focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements as well as rbc. in 2020, the naic formally adopted a group capital calculation (gcc) that conceptually uses an rbc aggregation methodology for all entities within the insurance company holding system. the gcc is intended to be a regulatory tool used by regulators as a means to standardize group capital requirements. in 2021, the naic concluded its analysis of bond factor changes and formally adopted the new factors as proposed by moody's analytics. this initiative expanded the item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations rbc bond factors from six designations to 20 designations to more closely align with rating scales used by rating agencies. the adopted changes resulted in increased capital requirements. as of december 31, 2021, the updated bond factors did not have a significant impact on the combined rbc ratio for aflac u.s.
aflac, caic and toic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the ndoi imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the ndoi is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2022 in excess of $1.1 billion would be considered extraordinary and require such approval. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of aflac new york.
privacy and cybersecurity governance the company's board of directors has adopted an information security policy directing management to establish and operate a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data, and the data of its customers, are appropriately protected from loss or theft. the board has delegated oversight of the company's information security program to the audit and risk committee. the company's senior officers, including its global security and chief information security officer, are responsible for the operation of the global information security program and communicates quarterly with the audit and risk committee on the program, including with respect to the state of the program, compliance with applicable regulations, current and evolving threats, and recommendations for changes in the information security program. the global information security program also includes a cybersecurity incident response plan that is designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. this framework establishes a protocol to report certain incidents to the global security and chief information security officer and other senior officers, with the goal of timely assessing such incidents, determining applicable disclosure requirements and communicating with the audit and risk committee. the incident response plan directs the executive officers to report certain incidents immediately and directly to the lead non-management director.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
additional information investors should note that the company announces material financial information in its sec filings, press releases and public conference calls. in accordance with sec guidance, the company may also use the investor relations section of the company's website (http://investors.aflac.com) to communicate with investors about the company. it is possible that the financial and other information the company posts there could be deemed to be material information. the information on the company's website is not part of this document. further, the company's references to website urls are intended to be inactive textual references only.
critical accounting estimates the company prepares its financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. these principles are established primarily by the fasb. in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that the company deems to be most critical to an understanding of its results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, dac, liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 94% of the company's assets and 80% of its liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2021, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations valuation of investments, including derivatives the company's investments, primarily consisting of debt and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, the company determines the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities within the company's investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that the company utilizes to determine fair values. starting in june 2021, these models and associated processes and controls were transitioned to and executed by company personnel. for the remaining privately issued securities, the company uses non-binding price quotes from outside brokers. in september 2020, the company refined its valuation model for private placements to explicitly incorporate currency basis swap adjustments (market observable data) to assumed interest rate curves where appropriate as noted in note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the company estimates the fair values of its securities on a monthly basis. the company monitors the estimated fair values obtained from its pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. the company also periodically discusses with its pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, the company will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, the company may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. based on management's analysis, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. the company has performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility.
the company estimates an expected lifetime credit loss on investments measured at amortized cost including held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments on a quarterly basis. for the company's available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, the company evaluates estimated credit losses only when the fair value of the available-for-sale fixed maturity security is below its amortized cost basis the company's approach to estimating credit losses is complex and incorporates significant judgments. in addition to a security, or an asset class, or an issuer-specific credit fundamentals, it considers past events, current economic conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. the company's estimates are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
see the tabular disclosure entitled "sensitivity of fair values of financial instruments to interest rate change" in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk and notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when earned premiums are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to earned premiums during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. this association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. premiums for these products are recognized as earned premiums over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. a liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
deferred policy acquisition costs the calculation of dac and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. for new policy issues, the company reviews its actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. for policies in force, the company evaluates dac by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the company's policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 86% and 5% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2021, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. the company calculates future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established and considered locked at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, the company also includes a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience. these assumptions may only be unlocked in certain circumstances based on the results of periodic dac recoverability and premium deficiency testing.
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to the company. the company computes unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. the company updates the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporates its historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding the company's outstanding liability.
the company's insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, the company's business is widely dispersed in both the u.s. and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of the company's benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to localized epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under the company's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. the company's claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of its policyholders.
as a part of its established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, the company performs detailed annual actuarial reviews of its policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflects the results of those reviews in its results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, the company's annual reviews in 2021 and 2020 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in japan. for aflac u.s., the company's annual reviews in 2021 and 2020 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the u.s.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of the company's in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
the following table summarizes certain significant assumptions made in establishing reserves for the company's products and the net impact that could result from changes in these assumptions should they occur. under u.s. gaap, the company's reserves for its limited pay and long duration contracts are primarily calculated using locked-in assumptions. as such, the adverse hypothetical impacts illustrated in the table below are those that would increase the company's best estimate reserves, but would not result in a premium deficiency requiring strengthening of reserves or write-off of dac. the favorable hypothetical impacts in the table below would decrease the company's best estimate reserves but they would not result in an immediate decrease to its u.s. gaap reserves (given that the company would be required to leave the current assumptions locked in); rather, the positive impacts would be recognized in net earnings over the life of the policies in force.
expected future claim payments / base mortality       pricing expectations adjusted to best estimate based on company experience       increase / decrease expected future claim payments: +5% to -5%          $5,300 to $(5,300)
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, the company considers many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. the company monitors these conditions closely and makes adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, the company does not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2021, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                       total severity total frequency         decrease                                decrease                                unchanged                                                          increase                                increase by 2%                                   by 1%                                                                                                         by 1%                                   by 2%
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 9% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2021, consisted primarily of annuity and unearned premium reserves, and discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as earned premiums over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 15% and 19% of the december 31, 2021 and 2020 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing the company's income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the company expects the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the company's management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event the company determines it is not more likely than not that it will be able to realize all or part of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. the company's judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
in september 2020, the u.s. treasury and internal revenue service issued final and proposed regulations. under the guidance of these regulations, the company recognized a one-time income tax benefit of $1.4 billion due to the release of previously established valuation allowances related to deferred foreign tax credit benefits. the company believes this will also reduce the effective tax rate in future periods, subject to any future changes in the u.s. tax policy.
for additional information on income tax, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations future adoption of accounting standard for long-duration insurance contracts in august 2018, the fasb issued accounting standards update 2018-12, "financial services - insurance, targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts" (the asu). the update significantly changes how insurers account for long-duration contracts, amends existing recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure requirements applicable to the company. issues addressed in the new guidance include: 1) a requirement to review and, if there is a change, update cash flow assumptions for the liability for future policy benefits at least annually, and to update the discount rate assumption quarterly, 2) accounting for market risk benefits at fair value, 3) simplified amortization for deferred acquisition costs, and 4) enhanced financial statement presentation and disclosures. the company has no products with market risk benefits.
since the initial issuance, the fasb has deferred the asu effective date for two years, such that the amendments are now effective for the company for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2022. early application of the amendments is permitted, however, the company will not early adopt the updated standard. the company plans to use the additional time to educate investors and analysts on the adoption impact, conduct robust testing and analysis, enhance the control environment, and perform parallel financial reporting.
the company continues to evaluate the impact of adoption and expects that the adoption will have a significant impact on the company's financial position, results of operations, and disclosures. the company anticipates that the requirement to update assumptions for liability for future policy benefits (lfpb) will have a significant impact on its results of operations, systems, processes and controls and that the requirement to update discount rates will have a significant impact on its aoci and equity.
the ultimate impact on these items from the company's implementation of the updated standard is subject to assessments that are dependent on many variables, including but not limited to (i) how certain aspects of the new standard will be interpreted and implemented by the company and other similar companies, such as (but not limited to) amortization of deferred acquisition costs and selection of discounting methodologies and inputs, as well as establishment of policies, processes and controls for setting, monitoring and periodically updating reserve assumptions, and (ii) changes in the interest rate environment in the u.s. and japan.
there are two permitted transition methods upon adoption and the company has selected the modified retrospective transition method. the new guidance requires that discount rates used for the discounting of insurance liabilities be initially adjusted on the adoption date and subsequently at each reporting period to the market levels for the upper-medium-grade (low credit risk) fixed income instrument yields (single-a in the currency of the underlying insurance contract) reflecting the duration of the company's insurance liabilities.
the primary impact on transition under the modified retrospective method is driven by updating discount rates that increase reserves and lower aoci by the corresponding amount, net of tax. the company currently estimates that the january 1, 2021 transition date (transition date) impact from adoption is likely to result in a decrease in aoci in a range between $18 billion and $20 billion. the preliminary impact results from updating discount rate assumptions from the rates locked in for reserves held as of the transition date to rates determined by reference to the transition date market level yields for upper-medium-grade (low credit risk) fixed income instruments (as of december 31, 2020). the variability around the impact of adoption results from the company making certain estimates, primarily related to the determination of transition date market level yields. based on the company's current discount rate methodology developed under the new asu, if interest rates increased or decreased by 25 basis points as of december 31, 2020, the company's aoci as of that date would increase or decrease by $1.0 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively.
as discussed in detail in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the company has advanced and continues to refine the design of its discount rate methodology for both the u.s. and japan insurance business. upon adoption of the new asu, discount rates will be updated each reporting period.
the impact to the company's reported financial statements under u.s. gaap is greatly influenced by the nature of the company's business model. adoption of the new guidance reflects the company's concentration in japan third-sector business, in particular cancer insurance, with respect to which the duration of liabilities is materially longer than asset durations, while japan's aggregate block of business continues to see favorable experience from mortality, morbidity, and expenses. the long duration of the company's third-sector insurance liabilities in japan coupled with limited-to-no-liquidity of the japanese long-dated fixed-income market creates challenges in application of the market-based discount rate guidance and will require the company to apply significant judgments in designing discount rate methodologies for its japanese third-sector liabilities. under the modified retrospective method, the impact of a low discount rate applied to long-duration third sector liabilities is recognized at adoption, while associated favorable morbidity margins are recognized item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations over time thus driving a pronounced timing impact to u.s. gaap equity. in addition, with respect to the japan segment, the company maintains a large portfolio of assets designated as held-to-maturity (htm) as a strategy to reduce capital (solvency margin ratio or smr) volatility. in a low interest rate environment, such as presently exists in japan, assets designated as htm that were purchased in a higher interest rate environment have significant embedded gains not reflected in aoci (htm securities are carried at amortized cost under u.s. gaap), which serves as an economic offset to a low discount rate applied to policy liabilities. at december 31, 2021, the company's htm portfolio was $22.0 billion at amortized cost and had $4.9 billion in net unrealized gains. after adoption of asu 2018-12, the company also expects net earnings and net earnings per share (which were $4.3 billion and $6.39 per diluted share, respectively, in 2021) to reflect larger quarterly fluctuations due to the new requirement to update assumptions for liability for future policy benefits.
in the near term, the expected impact on the company's key financial ratios is limited. generally, benefit ratios are expected to be slightly higher as favorable experience is absorbed into reserves, while expense ratios are expected to be modestly lower due to amortizing deferred acquisition costs at a slower rate. this results in a slightly higher profit margin in japan and an insignificant impact to the u.s. profit margin.
the company has created a robust governance framework and a plan to support implementation of the updated standard. as part of its implementation plan, the company has made preliminary policy elections on key accounting policy decisions (discount rate, cash flow assumptions, and deferred acquisition costs amortization). see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on preliminary policy elections. the company has also advanced the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes and optimize its control framework. the company has also put in place internal controls related to the new processes created as part of implementing the updated standard and will continue to refine and maturate these internal controls until the formal implementation in the first quarter of 2023.
the company expects that while the adoption of this new accounting guidance will affect the company's financial statements under u.s. gaap, it will not impact financial statements for aflac japan under fsa requirements or for aflac u.s. under applicable statutory requirements. therefore, the company does not expect adoption of the updated standard to impact its overall cash flows, subsidiaries' dividend capacity or their ability to meet applicable regulatory capital standards, nor does the company anticipate adoption to affect its existing debt covenants or strategies for capital deployment.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the company's financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.