item 1a | risk factors item 1a | risk factors risk factor summary the following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below.
market conditions
 covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted.
 deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening in global capital markets may materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
 sustained low, declining or negative interest rates, or rapidly increasing interest rates, have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability.
 the amount and timing of insurance and reinsurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses or future policy benefits, or the liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value.
 reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses.
 our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events.
 following the majority interest fortitude sale (as defined in part ii, item 7. - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary below), our largest reinsurance counterparty, fortitude re, is no longer controlled by us, and a failure by fortitude re to perform its obligations could have a material effect on our business, results of operations or liquidity and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with fortitude re could also lead to volatility in our net income.
 our subsidiaries may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (dac) and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits due to interest rate fluctuations, increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment returns and other events.
 losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity.
 climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
 our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates and credit spreads. in addition, a significant portion of our investment portfolio is now managed by blackstone, which makes its performance and value subject to blackstone's ability to successfully manage it.
 our valuation of investments and derivatives involves the application methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income.
liquidity, capital and credit
 aig parent's ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries.
 we may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments.
24 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors
 a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
 changes in the method for determining libor and the continuing phase out of libor and uncertainty related to libor replacement rates may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
 no assurances can be given that the separation of our life and retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. in addition, the separation could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of other risks to which aig is exposed.
 failure to effectively execute on aig 200 could result in costs that are greater than expected, savings that are less than expected and disruption to our businesses that could have a material effect on our operations or financial condition.
 pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses.
 guarantees within certain of our products may increase the volatility of our results.
 our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.
 we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities.
 we are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
 business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks.
 significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
 our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
 our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability.
 new laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to complete effectively.
 changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
 if our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or establish an additional valuation allowance against the deferred income tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
competition and employees
 we face intense competition in each of our business lines and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our business.
 competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. we may not be able to attract and retain the key employees and highly skilled people we need to support our business.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors risk factors investing in aig involves risk. in deciding whether to invest in aig, you should carefully consider the following risk factors. any of these risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. they could also cause significant fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect aig. these factors should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the other reports and materials filed by us with the sec. further, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity above and beyond a risk's singular impact.
market conditions covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted. the covid-19 pandemic is still evolving, but it has caused significant societal disruption and has had adverse economic impacts on our business, such as volatility in the capital markets, disruptions in the labor market, supply chain disruption, mortality increases as compared to pricing expectations and most recently, an inflationary environment. we cannot estimate the ultimate impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we also cannot, at this time, estimate the full extent to which the pandemic has caused and may continue to cause certain risks to our global business, including those discussed herein, to be heightened or realized.
adverse changes and developments affecting the global economy, including the significant global economic downturn and increased volatility in financial and capital markets and credit spreads, individually and in the aggregate, have had and may continue to have negative effects on our overall investment portfolio. while, to date, the short-term economic impacts of covid-19 have been largely offset by intervention taken by governments and monetary authorities, it remains difficult to quantify the potential long-term financial impacts on our investment portfolio. further, in the event of a resurgence in covid-19 cases, particularly due to the rise in cases associated with current and any future potential variants of covid-19, there can be no assurance that governments and monetary authorities will continue to intervene in markets or provide for economic stimulus, and if they do, whether such intervention will be successful.
within our investment portfolio, there is concentrated exposure to certain segments of the economy, including real estate and real estate-related investments, which exposes us to negative impacts from the deferral of mortgage payments, renegotiated commercial mortgage loans or outright mortgage defaults and potential acceleration of macro trends such as work from home and online shopping, as well as significant exposure to certain industries negatively impacted by the economic downturn, such as off-line retail, travel and transportation. moreover, market volatility has created and may continue to create dislocations, decreases or variations in observable market activity or availability of information used in the valuation of our assets and liabilities, which could negatively impair the estimates and assumptions used to run our business or result in greater variability and subjectivity in our investment decisions.
our insurance businesses have experienced and may continue to experience increased claim volume under our life and retirement insurance products, which are offered primarily in the united states, which has seen a high number of covid-19 cases and deaths relative to other jurisdictions, and our general insurance policies, which are offered both in the u.s. and internationally, including commercial property (business interruption), travel, trade credit, accident and health, workers' compensation, directors and officers, event cancellation and liability insurance. beginning in march 2020, we experienced an increase in mortality claims, which we expect to continue until the covid-19 pandemic subsides, and decreased demand for certain of our insurance product lines, such as travel insurance, and it is unclear when such demand will return. in addition, covid-19 adversely affected our premiums and deposits in some of our insurance lines, including our life and retirement products. if the economic effects continue or increase in severity, or the economic recovery is prolonged, or if there are any future "surges" of variants, we expect the impacts described herein will continue in 2022 and possibly beyond. further, our policies with premium adjustment features tied to exposure levels, as is the case in certain specialty and casualty lines, may be triggered, resulting in premium reductions. in response to the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting ongoing adverse, economic, financial and market impacts, we have made and may continue to make changes to underwriting guidelines or product design. we may also incur higher expenses in our insurance businesses and higher legal costs as a result of coverage disputes, including class actions and other proceedings that have been or may in the future be filed against us, our insureds, or others in the united states, the uk or other jurisdictions seeking coverage for covid 19-related losses or alleging
26 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors bad-faith denials of coverage for such losses. the outcome of coverage decisions may in turn affect the perceived value of the products we offer and therefore the demand for them.
while we seek to mitigate our loss exposure through reinsurance, the availability of reinsurance relief typically depends on several factors, including the timing and nature of how individual claims manifest, which may not be immediately known. furthermore, due to the scope, severity and uncertain duration of the covid-19 pandemic, reinsurance may not be available or, if available, may be more difficult or costly to obtain in general or for certain types of coverage, such as natural catastrophes, going forward. in addition, reinsurance terms and conditions may change whereby, even if reinsurance is available, the coverage provided may not be the same or similar to the reinsurance terms and conditions currently available in the reinsurance market.
the economic impacts of the pandemic have resulted and may continue to result in policyholders cancelling or not renewing insurance policies or may result in policyholders seeking sources of liquidity such as policy loans and withdrawals at rates greater than expected. if policyholder behavior, including lapse and surrender rates, significantly exceed or vary from our expectations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, requiring our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits.
government officials have recommended or mandated precautions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including prohibitions on congregating in heavily populated areas, social distancing requirements, stay-at-home orders and similar measures. as a result, we implemented work-from-home business continuity plans for non-essential staff globally. where permitted by local laws and regulations, our offices are open to fully vaccinated employees with mask mandates, social distancing and office capacity limits, and we have strict quarantine and contact tracing protocols in place in the event a positive case occurs. these precautionary measures have also impacted our distribution organizations and wholesaler interactions with our clients across multiple channels where our business benefits from a high degree of customer interaction. our results may be adversely impacted by these and other actions taken to contain or reduce the impact of covid-19, and the extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. changes to our workforce as a result of covid-19, including wage inflation, may also increase our costs and the risk of errors due to turnover, remote work and inexperience. moreover, the extended remote work environment puts ongoing stress on our current business continuity plans and may prove them to be less effective than expected.
any future business continuity plans may not be sustainable or effective. our business operations may also be significantly disrupted if our critical workforce, key vendors, third-party providers or other counterparties we transact business with, are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government and regulatory actions in response to covid-19, including vaccine mandates, or other reasons, or if the technology on which our remote business operations rely, some of which is developed and maintained by third parties, is disrupted or impaired or becomes unavailable. certain pre-existing operational risks have been and may continue to be exacerbated, notably with respect to potential phishing or other cybersecurity-related events and our increased reliance on technology, including technology of our employees and service providers. other pre-existing operational risks, such as privacy incidents, fraud, operational resilience and risks related to the operations and resiliency of our vendors, third-party providers and other counterparties, may also be exacerbated. further, significant disruption to our businesses due to the pandemic could adversely affect the timing or terms of, or our ability to execute, key business strategies, transactions and initiatives, such as the separation of the life and retirement business and aig 200, resulting in higher costs or reduced savings or lower profit than was expected. in addition, remote work may negatively impact our culture and employees' morale, which could result in greater turnover, lower productivity and greater operational risks.
legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes (such as pandemics) could require us to pay insureds beyond the provisions of their original insurance policies and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated and unanticipated catastrophe claims; or impose other restrictions after the occurrence thereof, which would reduce our ability to mitigate exposure. for example, covid-19 has given rise to regulatory measures intended to encourage or require insurers to assist policyholders adversely impacted by covid-19 (in some cases with retroactive effect), including lapse, payment or rate increase moratoriums, premium refunds, contributions to relief funds and similar measures. while some of these legislative and regulatory initiatives have expired, with the resurgence of the covid-19 virus, legislative and regulatory authorities have extended certain of these initiatives and may seek to renew or impose more of them until the covid-19 pandemic subsides. these initiatives could impair our cash flows and, without regulatory relief, could reduce our subsidiaries' capital ratios. in addition, in certain jurisdictions, legislative initiatives have emerged requiring contributions to relief funds or legislation has been proposed that would require insurers to provide insurance coverage beyond the scope of the original contract by re-writing contracts on a retroactive basis, including with respect to the availability of business interruption coverage in commercial property policies, or creating insurance solutions prospectively. such legislative and regulatory initiatives and proposals, if enacted, could result in requirements or restrictions that negatively impact our business operations or require us to pay beyond the provisions of original insurance policies and assumed reinsurance contracts. finally, the adverse impacts of covid-19 on federal and state tax revenues could lead to increased taxes and assessments on insurers in order to address budget shortfalls.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors moreover, as vaccinations have become readily available, certain organizations have imposed vaccine mandates on employees returning to the office and customers or clients accessing offices, stores and other spaces, and governments have imposed vaccine mandates on certain daily activities. it is currently not possible to predict with certainty the exact impact any such mandates would have on us. in addition, if the vaccines are not as effective as expected, including against new variants of covid-19, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be adversely affected.
due to the evolving and disruptive nature of the covid-19 pandemic, we could experience other potential impacts as a result of covid-19, including, but not limited to, potential impairment charges to the carrying amounts of goodwill, deferred tax assets, increased reserves to levels that are difficult to accurately estimate and increased morbidity and mortality expectations from longer term consequences of covid-19 infections. further, new and potentially unforeseen risks beyond those described above and in other risk factors herein may arise as a result of the pandemic and the actions taken by governmental and regulatory authorities to mitigate its impact.
see also reserves and exposures - "reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses" and "our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events" below.
deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening in global capital markets may materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. our businesses are highly dependent on global economic and market conditions. weaknesses in economic conditions and the capital markets or market volatility have in the past led, and may in the future lead to, among other consequences, a poor operating environment, erosion of consumer and investor confidence, reduced business volumes, deteriorating liquidity, declines in asset valuations and impacts on policyholder behavior that could influence reserve valuations. key ways in which we have in the past been, and could in the future be, negatively affected by economic conditions include, but are not limited to: increases in policy withdrawals, surrenders and cancellations; write-offs of deferred policy acquisition costs; increases in liability for future policy benefits due to loss recognition on certain long-duration insurance and reinsurance contracts; reduced demand for products and services; increases in expenses associated with third-party reinsurance, or decreased ability to obtain reinsurance at acceptable terms; and increased likelihood of, or increased magnitude of, asset impairments caused by market fluctuations.
adverse economic conditions may result from global economic and political developments, including plateauing business activity and inflationary pressures in developed economies, including the united states, civil unrest, geopolitical tensions, foreign investment restrictions, or military action and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements on business investment, hiring, migration, labor supply and global supply chains. these and other market, economic, and political factors have and could continue to have an adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in many ways, including (i) lower levels of consumer and commercial business activities that have decreased and may continue to decrease revenues and profitability and thus impair goodwill, deferred tax assets or other long-term assets, (ii) widening of credit spreads and higher than expected defaults that could reduce investment asset valuations, increase credit losses across numerous asset classes, and increase statutory capital requirements, (iii) increased market volatility and uncertainty that could decrease liquidity, increase borrowing costs and limit access to capital markets, (iv) the reduction of investment income generated by our investment portfolio, (v) disruption to our business operations in countries experiencing geopolitical tensions as well as increased costs associated with meeting customer needs in such regions, and (vi) impeding our ability to execute strategic transactions.
for information regarding the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
sustained low, declining or negative interest rates, or rapidly increasing interest rates, have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability. global interest rates have been at or near historic lows, even after an increase in interest rates during 2021. changes in interest rates may be correlated with inflation trends, which would impact our loss trends. sustained low interest rates have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect the performance of our investments and reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios. we experience lower investment income as well as lower sales of new life and retirement insurance products and policies when a low or declining u.s. interest rate environment persists, and/or interest rates turn or, in certain circumstances remain negative across various global economies. for example, the current low interest rate environment has negatively affected sales of interest rate sensitive products in our industry and negatively impacted the profitability of our existing business as we reinvest cash flows from investments, including due to increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing portfolios. due to practical and capital markets limitations, we have not been and may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. continued low levels of interest rates have and could continue to impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and issued.
28 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors in addition, fluctuations in interest rates may expose us to the risk of increases in certain statutory reserve requirements that are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates, which would reduce statutory capital, and increases in capital requirements and the amount of assets we must maintain to support statutory reserves, which would reduce surplus.
on the other hand, in periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to keep interest rate sensitive products competitive. therefore, we may have to accept a lower investment spread and, thus, lower profitability, or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. in addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals tend to increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates rise. these impacts may result in significant cash outflows requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in interest rates, which could result in realized investment losses. an increase in interest rates could also have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that constitute a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. this in turn could adversely affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets.
reserves and exposures the amount and timing of insurance and reinsurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses or future policy benefits, or the liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value. we regularly review the adequacy of the established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and future policy benefits, as well as liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value. we also conduct extensive analyses of our reserves and embedded derivatives during the year. our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, future policy benefits and embedded derivatives, however, may develop adversely and materially impact our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
for general insurance, estimation of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a complex process, particularly for both long-tail and medium-tail liability lines of business. these lines include, but are not limited to, excess casualty, workers' compensation, general liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental and crisis management coverages, financial lines, insurance and risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability, errors and omissions, products liability, programs and specialty. there is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to new business, particularly new business involving recently introduced product lines. in these cases, there is less historical experience or knowledge and less data upon which the actuaries can rely. estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or unintended coverages that emerge due to unexpected events, such as covid-19. these emerging issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued.
while we use a number of analytical reserve development techniques to project future loss development, the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses has been and may continue to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were relied upon in setting the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. these changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors could be due to changes in actual versus expected claims and losses, difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment, or other social or economic factors affecting claims, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, judicial and legislative actions, and changes in the tort environment. any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years.
for life and retirement, establishment and ongoing calculations of future policy benefits and related reinsurance assets is a complex process, with significant judgmental inputs, assumptions and modeling techniques. the inputs and assumptions used in connection with calculations of reserves for future policy benefits are inherently uncertain. experience may develop adversely such that additional reserves must be established or the value of embedded derivatives may increase. adverse experience could arise out of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, severe short-term events, such as a pandemic or changes to policyholder behavior during stressed economic periods, or due to misestimation of long-term assumptions such as mortality, interest rates, credit spreads, equity market levels and volatility and persistency assumptions. certain variables, such as policyholder behavior, are difficult to estimate and can have a significant impact on reserves and embedded derivatives. life and retirement reviews and updates actuarial assumptions at least annually, typically in the third quarter for reserves and embedded derivatives. additionally, life and retirement regularly carries out loss recognition testing for gaap reporting and cash flow testing for statutory reporting.
for additional information on reserve development, see part ii, item 7. md&a - insurance reserves.
for additional information on our loss reserves, see part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - loss reserves and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors for additional information regarding these products, see notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, item 1. business - regulation, and part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products.
reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. our subsidiaries are major purchasers of third-party reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management strategy. our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional reinsurance, which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance obligations originally assumed by the reinsurer. while reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses insured or reinsured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to the subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk. for this reason, reinsurance is an important tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and to mitigate losses, including as a result of catastrophes. market conditions beyond our control may impact the availability and cost of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, reinsurance is typically more difficult or costly to obtain after a year or consecutive years with a large number of major catastrophes. we may, at certain times, be forced to incur additional costs for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms. in the latter case, we would have to accept an increase in exposure to risk, reduce the amount of business written by our subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits, or a combination thereof.
additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries' reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured, or is inadequately secured, by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. we also bear the risk that a reinsurer is, or may be, unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverables for any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties to the contract or there is a disagreement between the parties as to their intent, or (ii) the terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced. we also bear the risk that (i) the terms of the contract are interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than expected, (ii) the reinsurance transaction performs differently than we anticipated compared to the original structure, terms or conditions, or (iii) a change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance transaction. the insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, the inability or unwillingness of such reinsurers to make timely payments under the terms of our contracts or payments in an amount equal to our reinsurance recoverable, or the risk that the reinsurance transaction does not operate as intended, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity.
additionally, the use of reinsurance placed in the capital markets may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions. any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in these markets, such as following a major catastrophic event, may limit our ability to access such markets on terms favorable to us or at all. also, to the extent that we intend to use structures based on an industry loss index or other non-indemnity trigger rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we could be subject to residual risk.
our life and retirement companies also utilize intercompany reinsurance arrangements to provide capital benefits to their affiliated cedants. they have also begun and may continue to pursue reinsurance transactions and permitted practices to manage the capital impact of statutory reserve requirements under applicable reserving rules, including principle-based reserving (pbr). the application of actuarial guidelines and pbr involves numerous interpretations. if state insurance departments do not agree with our interpretations or if regulations change with respect to our ability to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements, the statutory reserve requirements of our life and retirement companies could increase, or the ability of our life and retirement companies to take reserve credit for reinsurance transactions could be reduced or eliminated. additionally, if the ratings of our life and retirement companies decline, we could incur higher costs to obtain reinsurance, each of which could adversely affect sales of our products and our financial condition or results of operations.
we currently have limited catastrophe reinsurance coverage for terrorist attacks. further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism is limited. we benefit from the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act (tripra), which provides u.s. government risk assistance to the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the u.s. tripra was reauthorized in december 2019 for a further seven years. under tripra, once our losses for certain acts of terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20 percent of our direct commercial property and casualty insurance premiums for covered lines for the prior calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for 80 percent of losses in excess of our deductible, up to a total industry program limit of $100 billion. tripra does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as personal property and personal casualty. we also rely on the government sponsored and government arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-u.s. jurisdictions.
for additional information on our reinsurance recoverable, see part ii, item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risks - reinsurance activities - reinsurance recoverable.
30 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors for information regarding the impact of the majority interest fortitude sale on our reinsurance program, see reserves and exposures - "following the majority interest fortitude sale, our largest reinsurance counterparty, fortitude re, is no longer controlled by us, and a failure by fortitude re to perform its obligations could have a material effect on our business, results of operations or liquidity and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with fortitude re could also lead to volatility in our net income" below.
for information regarding the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our reinsurance program, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events. events such as hurricanes, windstorms, hailstorms, flooding, earthquakes, wildfires, solar storms, war or other military action, acts of terrorism, explosions and fires, cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemics and other highly contagious diseases, mass torts, civil unrest and other catastrophes have adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. for example, we incurred pre-tax catastrophe losses of $1.4 billion in 2021, which included losses in our general insurance business from flooding and rainstorms, windstorms and hailstorms and winter storms, and pre-tax catastrophe losses of $2.4 billion in 2020, which included losses in our general insurance business from the covid-19 pandemic, windstorms and hailstorms, hurricanes, wildfires and civil unrest.
 widespread claim costs associated with property, workers' compensation, accident and health, travel, business interruption and mortality and morbidity claims;
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;
 declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers; and
natural and man-made catastrophic events are generally unpredictable. our exposure to catastrophe-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the availability of reinsurance, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. vendor models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or estimates. for example, modeling for terrorism, cyber events and pandemics is more difficult and may be less reliable.
in addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes (both natural and man-made) could require us to pay the insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated and unanticipated claims; or impose other restrictions after the occurrence of a major catastrophe, which would reduce our ability to mitigate exposure.
for additional information on potential catastrophic events, including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see part ii, item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risks.
for information regarding the effects of climate change on our business, see reserves and exposures - "climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition" below.
for information regarding the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors coverages may be so large that adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory capital requirements for our subsidiaries.
in addition, the separation of our life and retirement business, if completed, could increase the materiality of these potential concentrations in the remaining portfolio. for additional information on risks associated with the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, see business operations - "no assurances can be given that the separation of our life and retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. in addition, the separation could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of other risks to which aig is exposed" below.
also see part ii, item 7. md&a - business segment operations - general insurance - business strategy and - outlook - industry and economic factors, and part ii, item 7. md&a - business segment operations - life and retirement - business strategy and - outlook - industry and economic factors.
following the majority interest fortitude sale, our largest reinsurance counterparty, fortitude re, is no longer controlled by us, and a failure by fortitude re to perform its obligations could have a material effect on our business, results of operations or liquidity and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with fortitude re could also lead to volatility in our net income. as of june 2, 2020, we completed the majority interest fortitude sale (as defined in item 7. executive summary - sale of fortitude holdings), upon which fortitude group holdings, llc (fortitude holdings), the parent of fortitude re, became controlled 71.5% by affiliates of the carlyle group inc. and 25% by affiliates of t&d holdings, inc., and our ownership interest in fortitude holdings was reduced to 3.5%. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $29.6 billion of reserves from aig's life and retirement run-off lines and approximately $3.8 billion of reserves from aig's general insurance run-off lines, related to business written by multiple wholly-owned aig subsidiaries, had been ceded to fortitude re under these reinsurance transactions. these reserve balances are fully collateralized pursuant to the terms of the reinsurance agreements. while we retained a seat on the board of managers of fortitude holdings, our ability to influence its operations going forward will be very limited. our subsidiaries continue to remain primarily liable to policyholders under the business reinsured by fortitude re. as a result, if fortitude re is unable to successfully operate independently, or other issues arise that affect its financial condition or ability to satisfy or perform its obligations to our subsidiaries under the various reinsurance arrangements in force between fortitude re and such subsidiaries, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity to the extent the amount of collateral posted in respect of our reinsurance receivable is inadequate. further, as is customary in similar reinsurance agreements, upon the occurrence of certain termination and recapture triggers on the part of fortitude re under the applicable reinsurance agreements, our subsidiaries may elect or may be required, to recapture the business ceded under such reinsurance agreements, which would result in a substantial increase to our net insurance liabilities and an increase in our solvency capital requirements. these termination and recapture triggers are standard termination and recapture events and include fortitude re becoming insolvent or being placed into liquidation, rehabilitation, conservatorship, supervision, receivership, bankruptcy or similar proceedings, certain regulatory ratios falling below certain thresholds, in the case of those reinsurance agreements made with life and retirement, fortitude re's failure to perform under the reinsurance agreements, or its entry into certain transactions without receiving our consent. additionally, beginning in june 2023, fortitude re will have certain rights to replace aig asset management (u.s.), llc (amg) as investment manager with respect to the assets supporting the reinsurance and to direct our subsidiaries to appoint a replacement investment manager with respect to those assets, if such appointment is reasonably acceptable to our subsidiaries and subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions. if fortitude re were to so direct our subsidiaries to appoint another investment manager to replace amg as investment manager with respect to the assets supporting the reinsurance, it could disrupt our internal investment advisory capabilities and cause a reduction in management fees received by amg, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
furthermore, the reinsurance transactions between aig and fortitude re are structured as modified coinsurance (modco) for the life and retirement run-off lines and loss portfolio transfer arrangements with funds withheld for the general insurance run-off lines. in modco and funds withheld arrangements, the investments supporting the reinsurance agreements, and which reflect the majority of the consideration that would be paid to the reinsurer for entering into the transaction, are withheld by, and therefore continue to reside on the balance sheet of, the ceding company (i.e., aig and its subsidiaries) thereby creating an obligation for the ceding company to pay the reinsurer (i.e., fortitude re) at a later date. additionally, as aig maintains ownership of these investments, aig will maintain its existing accounting for these assets (e.g., the changes in fair value of available for sale securities will be recognized within other comprehensive income). as a result of the deconsolidation resulting from the majority interest fortitude sale, aig has established a funds withheld payable to fortitude re while simultaneously establishing a reinsurance asset representing reserves for the insurance coverage that fortitude re has assumed. the funds withheld payable contains an embedded derivative and changes in fair value of the embedded derivative related to the funds withheld payable are recognized in earnings through realized gains (losses). this embedded derivative is considered a total return swap with contractual returns that are attributable to various assets and liabilities associated with these reinsurance agreements. the manner in which we account for these various reinsurance agreements has and will continue to lead to volatility in our gaap net income.
32 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors for additional information on the sale of fortitude holdings see part ii, item 7. md&a - consolidated results of operations.
for additional information on our exposure to credit risk of reinsurers, see reserves and exposures - "reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses" above.
our subsidiaries may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (dac) and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits due to interest rate fluctuations, increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment returns and other events. we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. dac represents deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. the recovery of these costs is generally dependent upon the future profitability of the related business, but dac amortization varies based on the type of contract. for long-duration traditional business, dac is generally amortized in proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience. actual lapses in excess of expectations can result in an acceleration of dac amortization, and therefore, adversely impact our pre-tax income.
dac for investment-oriented products is generally amortized in proportion to actual and estimated gross profits. estimated gross profits are affected by a number of factors, including levels of current and expected interest rates, net investment income and credit spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience, policyholder behavior experience and equity market returns and volatility. if actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected, then the amortization of these costs would be accelerated in the period this is determined and would result in a charge to income. for example, if interest rates rise rapidly and significantly, customers with policies that have interest crediting rates below the current market may seek competing products with higher returns and we may experience an increase in surrenders and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, and thereby a strain on cash flow. additionally, this would also result in a decrease in expected future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization of dac, and therefore lower than expected pre-tax income earned during the then current period.
we also periodically review products for potential loss recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products. this review involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires significant management judgment about assumptions including, but not limited to, mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, including net realized gains (losses). if actual experience or revised future expectations result in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining dac and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefits and losses occurred in the then current period, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
for additional information on dac and future policy benefits, see part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates and notes 8 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
for additional information on changes to accounting standards for long-duration insurance contracts, see estimates and assumptions - "changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition."
losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity. we are exposed to credit risk arising from exposures to various counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, certain general insurance businesses and reinsurance recoverables. these counterparties include, but are not limited to, issuers of fixed income and equity securities we hold, borrowers of loans we hold, customers, plan sponsors, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivatives instruments, reinsurers, corporate and governmental entities whose payments or performance we insure, joint venture partners, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, custodians, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, intra-group counterparties with respect to derivatives and other third parties, financial intermediaries and institutions and guarantors. these counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, financial distress, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. in addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options as well as "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, we are generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house and futures commission merchants through which we clear derivatives. defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
an insolvency of, or the appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate, a significant competitor could negatively impact our business if such appointment were to impact consumer confidence in our products and services. additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in are expected to default or actually default on their payment obligations, our securities may incur losses.
in addition, our exposure to credit risk may be exacerbated in periods of market or credit stress, as derivative counterparties take a more conservative view of their acceptable credit exposure to us, resulting in reduced capacity to execute derivative-based hedges.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition. aig supports the scientific consensus that climate change is a reality of increasing global concern. climate change, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, wildfires, diminished snow and ice, and a rise in sea levels, appears to have contributed to an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters and the creation of uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. as such, climate change presents significant financial implications for the insurance industry in areas such as underwriting, claims and investments, as well as risk capacity, financial reserving and operations.
climate change presents challenges to our ability to effectively underwrite, model and price catastrophe risk particularly if the frequency and severity of catastrophic events such as pandemics, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wildfires and windstorms and other natural disasters continue to increase. for example, losses resulting from actual policy experience may be adverse as compared to the assumptions made in product pricing as well as mortality assumptions and our ability to mitigate our exposure may be reduced.
climate change-related risks may also adversely impact the value of the securities that we hold or lead to credit risk of other counterparties we transact business with, including reinsurers. our reputation or corporate brand could also be negatively impacted as a result of changing customer or societal perceptions of organizations that we either insure or invest in due to their actions (or lack thereof) with respect to climate change. any policies adopted by investors to address changing societal perceptions on climate change, could result in increased compliance cost to our businesses and changes to our corporate governance and risk management practices, and may affect the type of assets we hold in our investment portfolio.
in addition, regulators have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks. for example, on november 15, 2021, the nydfs issued final guidance on how new york insurers are expected to analyze and manage the risks posed by climate change, including by integrating the consideration of climate risks into the insurer's governance structure, considering the current and forward-looking impact of climate-related factors on the insurer's business environment and incorporating climate risks into the insurer's existing financial risk management. the nydfs expects new york insurers to implement its guidance relating to board governance and to have specific plans in place to implement the guidance relating to organizational structure by august 15, 2022. additional actions by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters could result in substantial additional regulation to which we may be subject. it is also possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions regarding climate change-related risks will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the united states.
additionally, litigation related to climate change has increased in recent years. many lawsuits center on enforcement or interpretation of environmental laws and regulations, often seeking to use litigation as a tool to influence governmental and corporate climate policies. other cases seek damages for contribution to climate change or for insufficient disclosure around material financial risks. increased litigation of this nature could trigger losses under liability policies, such as directors' and officers' insurance policies, increase our liabilities and affect the viability of certain of our business lines.
in addition, severe weather and other effects of climate change result in more frequent and more severe damages, leading to lawsuits. wildfires in the western u.s., resulting in significant litigation liability for utility companies, are an example of this. indirect climate change effects are also seen in litigation over flooding, mudslides and other severe weather that results in injury or damage, as well as in construction defect litigation, chemical release lawsuits, and workers' compensation claims. litigation related to climate change may, through increased claims from our customers and adverse impacts to the value of the securities that we hold adversely impact our business and results of operations.
we also have faced and may continue to face business continuity risk as a result of climate change-related incidents that may disrupt business operations, including extreme weather events. we cannot predict the long-term impacts of climate change on our business and results of operations.
for information regarding risks associated with other catastrophic events, see reserves and exposures - "our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events" above.
investment portfolio and concentration of investments our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates and credit spreads. in addition, a significant portion of our investment portfolio is now managed by blackstone, which makes its performance and value subject to blackstone's ability to successfully manage it. our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our investment portfolio. for example, we have significant holdings of real estate and real estate-related investments, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and residential and commercial mortgage loans. we also have significant exposures to financial institutions and, in particular, to money center banks and global banks, certain industries, such as energy and utilities, the u.s. federal, state and local government issuers and authorities, and global financial institutions,
34 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors governments and corporations. events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect the valuation of our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. our ability to sell assets in such segments may be limited.
our investments are also subject to market risks and uncertainties, including, in addition to interest rate risk, changes in the level of credit spreads, currency rates, and commodity and equity prices, each of which has affected and will continue to affect the value of investments in our investment portfolio as well as the performance of, and returns generated by, such investments. the discontinuation of actions taken by legislators and monetary authorities in advance of substantial economic recovery could adversely impact the performance of our investment portfolio. for information regarding risks associated with interest rate volatility, see market conditions - "sustained low, declining or negative interest rates, or rapidly increasing interest rates, have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability" above.
furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio, which is subject to volatility in equity markets, includes investments for which changes in fair value are reported through pre-tax income. an economic downturn or decline in the capital markets may have a material adverse effect on our investment income, including as a result of decreases in the fair value of alternative investments.
in addition, in connection with its acquisition of a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg retirement services, inc. (safg), aig entered into a long-term asset management relationship with blackstone, pursuant to which blackstone is managing an initial $50 billion of life and retirement's existing investment portfolio, with that amount increasing by increments of $8.5 billion per year for the next five years beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, for an aggregate of $92.5 billion. as part of this arrangement, blackstone is serving as the exclusive external investment manager for certain asset classes, which is expected to lead to an increase in investment management fees payable by us as compared to expenses we have historically incurred for similar services. also, the exclusivity provisions and termination provisions may prevent our subsidiaries from retaining other external investment managers with respect to the subject asset classes who may produce better returns on investments than blackstone. furthermore, blackstone's ability to allocate and invest our assets across a range of suitable investment opportunities may be limited in certain circumstances due to compliance with the asset management agreements (including the investment and allocation guidelines thereunder). if blackstone is unable to effectively manage our portfolio, the concentration of assets in our portfolio that are managed by blackstone could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our valuation of investments and derivatives involves the application of methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income. during periods of market disruption, it has been and may continue to be difficult to value certain of our investments or derivatives if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. there may be cases where certain assets in normally active markets with significant observable data become inactive with insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or market conditions in effect at that time. as a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. these values may not be realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. decreases in value and/or an inability to realize that value in a market transaction or other disposition may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
for information regarding volatility in accounting as it relates to fortitude re, see reserves and exposures - "following the majority interest fortitude sale, our largest reinsurance counterparty, fortitude re, is no longer controlled by us, and a failure by fortitude re to perform its obligations could have a material effect on our business, results of operations or liquidity and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with fortitude re could also lead to volatility in our net income" above.
liquidity, capital and credit aig parent's ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. as a holding company, aig parent depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends on aig common stock and series a preferred stock, to fund repurchases of aig common stock and debt obligations and to make payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding debt and tax obligations. the majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. any inability by our subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or other distributions in an amount sufficient to enable aig parent to meet its cash requirements could have an adverse effect on our operations, and on our ability to pay dividends, repurchase aig common stock and debt obligations, meet our debt service obligations, pay our operating expenses and meet capital and liquidity needs of our other subsidiaries.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or other distributions to us in the future will depend on their earnings, tax considerations, covenants contained in any financing or other agreements, applicable regulatory restrictions and rating agency requirements. in addition, such payments could be limited as a result of claims against our subsidiaries by their creditors, including suppliers, vendors, lessors and employees. in addition, our insurance subsidiaries are limited in their ability to make dividend payments or other distributions to aig parent in the future because of the need to support their own capital levels or because of regulatory limits and restrictions. such restrictions are based in part on the prior year's statutory income, capital and surplus, and unassigned funds (surplus) and require our insurance subsidiaries to hold a specific amount of minimum reserves in order to meet future obligations on their outstanding policies. changes in, or reinterpretations of, these regulatory standards could constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses.
our decision to pursue strategic changes or transactions in our business and operations may also subject our subsidiaries' dividend plans to heightened regulatory scrutiny and could make obtaining regulatory approvals for extraordinary distributions by our subsidiaries, if required, more difficult. we are also subject to certain other restrictions on our capital from time to time.
certain of our subsidiaries, for example, need sufficient liquidity in order to maintain regulatory capital ratios, comply with rating agency requirements, meet unexpected cash flow obligations, satisfy capital maintenance and guarantee agreements and collateralize debt. if our liquidity is insufficient to meet our needs, we may need to have recourse to third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be available or could be expensive. the availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and credit capacity. it is also possible that, as a result of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. disruptions, volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, and downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings, may limit our ability to access external capital markets at times and on terms favorable to us to meet our capital and liquidity needs or restrict our access to the external capital markets or other financing sources. if aig parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary, the credit rating agencies could downgrade the subsidiary's financial strength ratings or the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be seized by its regulator.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are required to post collateral for our insurance company subsidiaries from time to time. if our reinsurance liabilities increase, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients that we reinsure. in addition, we may be required to post additional collateral due to regulatory changes from time to time. the need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. this could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for additional information on our liquidity, see part ii, item 7. md&a - liquidity and capital resources.
for additional information on rating agency requirements, see liquidity, capital and credit - "a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" below.
we may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments. we and our subsidiaries have a diversified investment portfolio. however, economic conditions as well as adverse capital market conditions, including a lack of buyers, the inability of potential buyers to obtain financing on reasonable terms, volatility, credit spread changes, interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rates and/or declines in collateral values have in the past impacted, and may in the future impact, the liquidity and value of our investments.
we have investments in certain securities, including certain fixed income structured and privately placed securities as well as investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and real estate that are less liquid than other types of securities. collectively, investments in these assets had a carrying value of $62 billion at december 31, 2021. if it became necessary to sell such assets in a stressed market environment, the prices achieved in any sale of such securities may be lower than their carrying value, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. adverse changes in the valuation of real estate and real estate-linked assets, deterioration of capital markets and widening credit spreads have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity and the value of our investment portfolios, including our residential and commercial mortgage related securities portfolios.
in the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our companies, it may be difficult for us to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing these or other of our investments at reasonable prices and time frames.
36 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. insurer financial strength (ifs) ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. ifs ratings measure an insurance or reinsurance company's ability to meet its obligations to contract holders and policyholders.
credit rating agencies estimate a company's ability to meet its ongoing financial obligations and high ifs and credit ratings help maintain public confidence in a company's products, facilitate marketing of products and enhance a company's competitive position. downgrades of the ifs ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it more difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, make it more difficult for them to obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms or result in increased policy cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of, or increased collateral posting obligations under, assumed reinsurance contracts, or return of premiums. under credit rating agency policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary ratings, a downgrade in aig parent's credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the ifs ratings of our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries. similarly, under credit rating agency policies, a downgrade of the ifs ratings of our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries could also result in a downgrade in aig parent's credit ratings.
in addition, a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings by one or more of the major rating agencies could potentially increase our financing costs and limit the availability of financing. a downgrade would also require us to post additional collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party, and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions. additionally, a downgrade in our ifs or credit ratings could cause counterparties to limit or reduce their exposure to us and thus reduce our ability to manage our market risk exposures effectively during times of market stress. this could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period and/or our liquidity.
in response to the announcement by aig in october 2020 of its intention to separate the life and retirement business from aig, fitch placed the credit ratings of aig on "rating watch negative," moody's placed the debt ratings of aig on review for downgrade and s&p placed the credit ratings of aig and the financial strength ratings of most of the general insurance subsidiaries on creditwatch with negative implications. moody's and fitch affirmed the financial strength ratings and outlooks on our insurance subsidiaries. in connection with the announcement by aig in july 2021 that it reached a definitive agreement with blackstone to acquire a 9.9 percent equity stake in our life and retirement business, moody's lowered its debt ratings of aig to baa2 from baa1 and assigned a stable outlook. moody's also revised the outlook on the a2 financial strength ratings of our life and retirement subsidiaries to negative from stable. a further downgrade in the credit and debt ratings of aig could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
for additional information on rating agency actions in response to aig's announced intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig, see part ii, item 7. md&a - liquidity and capital resources -rating agency actions related to the announced separation of life and retirement.
changes in the method for determining libor and the continuing phase out of libor and uncertainty related to libor replacement rates may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. we have significant assets, liabilities and obligations with interest rates tied to the london interbank offered rate (libor) for u.s. dollars and other currencies. starting january 1, 2022, all libor settings either ceased to be provided by any administrator, or are no longer representative for all non-u.s. dollar libor settings and one-week and two-month u.s. dollar (usd) libor settings, and we expect the same will occur immediately after june 30, 2023 for the remaining usd libor settings, absent subsequent action by the relevant authorities. in addition, while gbp and jpy libor is currently being reported on a synthetic basis for certain tenors, there can be no assurance that such non-usd synthetic libor or usd libor will remain available in the future.
significant recommendations as to alternative rates and as to protocols have been advanced, and continue to be advanced, by various regulators and market participants, including the alternative reference rates committee of the united states federal reserve (arrc), the international swaps and derivatives association (isda), the uk fca and the u.s. congress, and legislative action by the state of new york, but there can be no assurance that the various recommendations or legislative action will be effective at preventing or mitigating disruption as a result of the transition. in particular, for u.s. dollar libor, the arrc has selected the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as its preferred replacement benchmark and has formally recommended, in limited cases, a term rate based on sofr; both arrc and isda have taken significant steps toward implementing various fallback provisions and protocols; and for british pound sterling, relevant authorities have promoted use of sterling overnight index average (sonia) as a replacement for libor. however, the market transition away from libor to alternative reference rates, including sofr or sonia, is complex and could result in disruptions, among other things, due to differences between libor (an unsecured forward-looking term rate) and alternative rates that are based on historical measures of overnight secured rates; due to failure of market participants to fully accept such alternative rates; or due to difficulties in amending legacy libor contracts or implementing processes for determining new alternative rates.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors the consequences of libor reform could adversely affect the market for libor-based securities, the payment obligations under our existing libor-based liabilities and our ability to issue funding agreements bearing a floating rate of interest, as well as the value of financial and insurance products tied to libor, investment portfolio or the substantial amount of derivatives contracts we use to hedge our assets, insurance and other liabilities.
our actions taken to address the transition from libor for u.s. dollar and other currencies and to mitigate potential risks include, among other things, ensuring new legal contracts, existing legal contracts if necessary and our asset and debt issuances include appropriate libor fallback provisions and identifying fallback provisions in existing contracts and investments which mature after the relevant libor phase-out date; updating valuation and actuarial models that utilize libor; determining the impact of new accounting and tax requirements; adjusting applicable technology applications to be able to support both libor and new alternative rates; and executing and monitoring trades (including test transactions) for derivatives, assets and debt issuances utilizing the new alternative reference rates. we cannot, however, be certain that these measures will effectively mitigate potential risks related to the transition from libor. in addition, we anticipate there may be additional risks to our current processes and information systems that will need to be identified and evaluated by us. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
business and operations no assurances can be given that the separation of our life and retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. in addition, the separation could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of other risks to which aig is exposed. on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. on november 2, 2021, blackstone acquired a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg, which is the holding company for aig's life and retirement business, for $2.2 billion in an all cash transaction, subject to adjustment if the final pro forma adjusted book value is greater or lesser than the target pro forma adjusted book value. similar to other business dispositions, the separation involves a number of risks, including (i) unanticipated developments that may delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect our ability to effect a separation; (ii) significant costs and disruption or distraction of management from aig's other business operations, whether or not a separation is completed; (iii) satisfaction of various conditions and approvals, including approval by the aig board of directors, and receipt of insurance and other required regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the securities and exchange commission; (iv) other regulatory requirements that could impact our operations or capital requirements or delay or impede completion of a separation; (v) rating agency actions; (vi) unforeseen losses, liabilities or asset impairment arising from the structure of any definitive separation transaction; and (vii) if we are successful in separating the business, increased concentration of our business operations. further, a valuation allowance may need to be established in the reporting period in which tax deconsolidation occurs with respect to certain tax loss and credit carryforwards to the extent the deconsolidation of the life and retirement entities from the aig consolidated federal income tax group affects our ability to utilize such tax attributes. while we currently believe that, following the sale of 9.9 percent equity stake in safg to blackstone, an initial public offering is the next step in the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, no assurance can be given regarding the form that future separation transactions may take or the specific terms or timing thereof, or that a separation will in fact occur.
in addition, the separation of our life and retirement business, if completed, could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of many of the other risks noted herein, including: (i) the risk of indemnity claims that could be made against us in connection with divested businesses; (ii) our ability to utilize certain tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income going forward; (iii) competition for employees and managing retention of key employees; (iv) maintaining relationships with certain key distributors; (v) concentration of our insurance and other risk exposures; and (vi) increased exposure to certain risks related to deriving revenue from non-u.s. sources. a significant delay in the consummation of the separation could also exacerbate these risks.
for information regarding risks associated with rating agency actions, see liquidity, capital and credit - "a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" above. in addition, see part ii, item 7. md&a - liquidity and capital resources - rating agency actions related to the announced separation of life and retirement; see also "business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks" below.
failure to effectively execute on aig 200 could result in costs that are greater than expected, savings that are less than expected and disruption to our businesses that could have a material effect on our operations or financial condition. in 2019, we announced aig 200, our global, multi-year and enterprise-wide program involving transformational change across the company. aig 200 is comprised of ten operational programs mapped against four core objectives that are complex and require significant investment and resource prioritization. while we are already two years into a three-year program and have delivered on multiple milestones, we still may not fully achieve some or all of the expected benefits from these operational programs, and the work we are undertaking could result in disruption to our businesses and loss of talent. other risks associated with aig 200 include delays
38 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors in execution across the programs, particularly with respect to implementation of technology platforms, lack of sufficient resources to execute on a timely basis, inefficiencies stemming from changes that may be required to programs or sequencing, failure to meet operational and financial targets due to additional priorities or other factors, and the inability to secure regulatory approvals, if and when needed. these risks may impair our ability to achieve anticipated improvements in our businesses or may otherwise harm our operations which could materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and cash flow.
pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses. we seek to price our insurance and reinsurance products such that premiums, policy fees and other charges and future net investment income earned on revenues received will result in an acceptable profit in excess of expected claims, assumed expenses and the cost of capital. our business is dependent on our ability to price our products effectively and charge appropriate premiums. pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors and assumptions, including proper evaluation of insurance risks, our expense levels, expected net investment income to be realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments and the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes. for example, some of our life insurance policies and annuity contracts provide management the right to adjust certain nonguaranteed charges or benefits and interest crediting rates if necessary; however, this right is limited and may be subject to guaranteed minimums or maximums, and the exercise of these rights could result in reputational and/or litigation risk. management establishes target returns for each product based upon the factors described above, certain underwriting assumptions and capital requirements, including statutory, gaap and economic capital models. we monitor and manage pricing and sales to achieve target returns on new business, but we may not be able to achieve those returns due to the factors discussed above. inadequate pricing and the difference between estimated results of the above factors compared to actual results could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our operations and our financial condition.
guarantees within certain of our products may increase the volatility of our results. certain of our annuity and life insurance products include features that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits, guaranteed living benefits, and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates, including crediting rate guarantees tied to the performance of various market indices. many of these features are accounted for at fair value as embedded derivatives under gaap, and they have significant exposure to capital markets and insurance risks. an increase in valuation of liabilities associated with the guaranteed features results in a decrease in our profitability and depending on the magnitude of any such increase, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, including our capitalization, as well as our financial strength ratings.
we employ a capital markets hedging strategy to partially offset the economic impacts of movements in equity, interest rate and credit markets, however, our hedging strategy may not effectively offset movements in our gaap and statutory surplus and may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. furthermore, we are subject to the risk that changes in policyholder behavior or actual levels of mortality/longevity as compared to assumptions in pricing, combined with adverse market events, could produce losses not addressed by the risk management techniques employed. these factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity including our ability to receive dividends from our operating companies.
for information regarding market risk management related to these product features see part ii, item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal risk management and hedging programs.
differences between the change in fair value of the gaap embedded derivatives, as well as associated statutory and tax liabilities, and the value of the related hedging portfolio may occur and can be caused by movements in the level of equity, interest rate and credit markets, market volatility, policyholder behavior and mortality/longevity rates that differ from our assumptions and our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the desired risk and return trade-off. the occurrence of one or more of these events has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, an increase in the fair value of liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits or decline in the value of our hedges, or a decline in the value of our hedges without an offsetting decline in our liabilities, thus reducing our pre-tax net income and shareholders' equity.
while we believe that our actions have reduced the risks related to guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest crediting, our risk exposures are not fully, and may not be effectively, hedged.
for additional information on these products see notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, item 1. business - regulation and part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. we provide insurance, reinsurance, investment and other financial products and services to both businesses and individuals in approximately 70 countries and jurisdictions. a substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the united states, and we intend to continue to grow our business in strategic markets. operations outside the united states have in the past been, and may in the future be, affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, political events or upheaval, sanctions policies, nationalization and other restrictive government or regulatory actions, which could also affect our other operations.
the degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. aig subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses may require aig parent to meet certain conditions. licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation. consequently, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country.
in addition, aig parent and its subsidiaries are subject to various extraterritorial laws and regulations, including such laws adopted by the united states that affect how we do business around the world. these laws and regulations may conflict and we may incur penalties and/or reputational harm if we fail to adhere to them. for example, increased international data localization and cross-border data transfer regulatory restrictions and anti-sanctions laws may affect how we do business around the world and may cause us to incur penalties and/or suffer reputational harm.
our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. outside of our aig 200 transformational program and announced plan to separate the life and retirement business, we continue to undertake certain restructuring initiatives in the ordinary course of business. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements because the actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with certain key distributors. distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, limit the products they sell, including the types of products offered by us, or otherwise reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, with or without cause. this could be due to various reasons, such as industry consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the competition for access to distributors, developments in laws or regulations that affect our business or industry, including the marketing and sale of our products and services, adverse developments in our business, strategic decisions that impact our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. an interruption or reduction in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operating results and financial condition.
alternatively, renegotiated terms may not be attractive or acceptable to distributors, or we may terminate one or more distribution agreements due to, for example, a loss of confidence in, or a change in control of, one of the third-party distributors. an interruption or reduction in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
in addition, we can, in certain circumstances, be held responsible for the actions of our distributors, including broker-dealers, registered representatives, insurance agents and agencies, marketing organizations, and their respective employees, agents and representatives, in connection with the marketing and sale of our products by such parties and persons in a manner that is deemed not compliant with applicable laws and regulations. this is particularly acute with respect to unaffiliated distributors where we may not be able to directly monitor or control the manner in which our products are sold through third-party firms despite our training and compliance programs. further, misconduct by employees, agents and representatives of our broker-dealer subsidiaries in the sale of our products could also result in violations of law by us or our subsidiaries, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. the precautions we take to prevent and detect the foregoing activities may not be effective. if our products are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or distributed in a manner deemed inappropriate, we could suffer reputational and/or other financial harm to our business.
for information regarding suitability standards, see item 1. business - regulation - u.s. regulation.
40 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors we are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. we use information technology systems, infrastructure and networks and other operational systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and use customer, employee, and company data and information. our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems and networks to perform necessary business functions. in the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, cyberattack or other disruption inside or outside the u.s., our systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and we may be unable to meet our business obligations for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised. additionally, some of our systems and networks are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade. supply chain disruptions or delays could prevent us from maintaining and implementing changes, updates and upgrades to our systems and networks in a timely manner or at all. system and network failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers and expose us to legal claims as well as regulatory investigations and sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
some of these systems and networks also rely upon third-party systems, which themselves may rely on the systems of other third parties. problems caused by, or occurring in relation to, our third-party providers and systems, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in information technology services provided by a third-party provider, failure of a third-party provider to provide current or higher volumes of required services or cyber-attacks and security breaches at a third-party provider may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
like other global companies, the systems and networks we maintain and third party systems and networks we use have in the past been, and will likely in the future be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as attempted cyber and other security threats and other computer-related penetrations such as "denial of service" attacks, phishing, untargeted but sophisticated and automated attacks, and other disruptive software. also, like other global companies, we have an increasing challenge of attracting and retaining highly qualified security personnel to assist us in combatting these security threats. the frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase and often become further heightened in connection with geopolitical tensions.
we continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data, systems and networks, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, business e-mail compromise, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and disruptions. there is no assurance that our security measures, including information security policies, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions designed as preventative, will provide fully effective protection from such events. aig maintains insurance to cover operational risks, such as cyber risk and technology outages, but this insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. in some cases, such compromise may not be immediately detected which may make it difficult to recover critical services, damage assets and compromise the integrity and security of data including our policyholder, employee, agent, and other confidential information processed through our systems and networks. additionally, since we rely heavily on information technology and systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data to run our businesses and service our customers, any such compromise or security event and may impede or interrupt our business operations and our ability to service our customers, and otherwise may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and processes. these continued enhancements and changes, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new threats, may increase the risk of a system or process failure or the creation of a gap in the associated security measures. any such failure or gap could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. although we attempt to keep such information confidential and secure, we may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal, confidential or proprietary information. the compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could cause a loss of data, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under u.s. and international laws and regulations, and subject us to litigation, investigations, sanctions, and regulatory and law enforcement action, and result in reputational harm and loss of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by u.s. federal and state governments, the european union or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. the variety of applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations exposes us to heightened regulatory scrutiny, requires us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses in an effort to ensure and maintain compliance and will continue to impact our business in the future by increasing legal, operational and compliance costs. while we have taken steps to comply with privacy and information security laws, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will meet the evolving standards imposed by data protection authorities. if we are found not to be in compliance with these privacy and security laws and regulations, we may be subject to additional potential private consumer, business partner or securities litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental investigations and proceedings, and we may incur damage to our reputation. any such developments may subject us to material fines and other monetary penalties and damages, divert management's time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. additionally, we expect that developments in privacy and cybersecurity worldwide will increase the financial and reputational implications following a significant breach of our or our third-party suppliers' information technology systems. new and currently unforeseen regulatory issues could also arise from the increased use of emerging technology, data and digital services. if we are found not to be in compliance with these laws and regulations concerning emerging technology, data and digital services, we could be subjected to significant civil and criminal liability and exposed to reputational harm. for additional information on privacy, data protection and cybersecurity regulations. for additional information on data protection and cybersecurity regulations, see item 1. business - regulation - u.s. regulation - privacy, data protection and cybersecurity and - international regulation - privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, and part ii, item 7. md&a - enterprise risk management - operational risk management - cybersecurity risk.
we have been required to further rely on our technology systems as a result of the fact that all non-essential staff were transitioned to a remote work environment in response to the covid-19 pandemic and thus, the risk of a gap in our security measures and the risk of a system or process failure is heightened.
for information regarding the effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
third parties we rely upon to provide certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we rely on the use of third-party providers to deliver contracted services in a broad range of areas. for example, we have engaged with accenture plc for the delivery of services related to the administration or servicing of certain policies and contracts and investment assets, investment accounting, information technology and operational functions, finance and actuarial services, human resources and information technology services related to infrastructure, application development and maintenance. in addition, in connection with its acquisition of an equity stake in safg, aig entered into a long-term asset management relationship with blackstone, pursuant to which blackstone is managing an initial $50 billion of life and retirement's existing investment portfolio, with that amount increasing by increments of $8.5 billion per year for the next five years beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, for an aggregate of $92.5 billion. for information regarding our reliance on blackstone as a third-party asset manager, see "our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates and credit spreads. in addition, a significant portion of our investment portfolio is now managed by blackstone, which makes its performance and value subject to blackstone's ability to successfully manage it" above.
some of these providers are located outside the u.s., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of the u.s. we periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us, such third parties or regulators. if such third-party providers experience disruptions, fail to meet applicable licensure requirements, do not perform as anticipated or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, terminate or fail to renew our relationships, or such third-party providers in turn rely on services from another third-party provider, who experiences such disruptions, licensure failures, nonperformance or noncompliance, termination or non-renewal of its contractual relationships, we may experience operational difficulties, an inability to meet obligations (including, but not limited to, contractual, legal, regulatory or policyholder obligations), a loss of business, increased costs or reputational harm, compromises to our data integrity, or suffer other negative consequences, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. third parties performing regulated activities on our behalf, such as sales and servicing of insurance products, pose a heightened risk as we may be held accountable for third party conduct that is not in compliance with applicable law.
42 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors for information regarding cyber risk arising from third-party providers, see business and operations - "we are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity" above.
for information regarding increased risks arising from our reliance on third parties as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks. the completion of any business or asset acquisition or disposition is subject to certain risks, including those relating to the receipt of required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of regulatory approvals including any financial accommodations required by regulators, our ability to satisfy such terms, conditions and accommodations, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of a transaction and the risk that parties may not be willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a transaction. as a result, there can be no assurance that any business or asset acquisition or disposition will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or regarding the expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or disposition. for example, on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. while we currently believe that, following the sale of a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg to blackstone, an initial public offering is the next step in the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, no assurance can be given regarding the form that future separation transactions may take or the specific terms or timing thereof, or that a separation will in fact occur. in addition, any separation transaction will be subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and approvals, including approval by the aig board of directors, receipt of insurance and other required regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the sec. there can be no guarantee that we will receive the required approvals or that closing conditions will be satisfied in order to consummate the separation of the life and retirement business and for any other disposition.
once we complete acquisitions or dispositions, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any transaction. for example, the integration of businesses we acquire may not be as successful as we anticipate or there may be undisclosed risks present in such businesses. acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, compliance and tax risks. difficulties integrating an acquired business may result in the acquired business performing differently than we expected (including through the loss of customers) or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in connection with a business or asset disposition, we may also hold a concentrated position in securities of the acquirer as part of the consideration, which subjects us to risks related to the price of equity securities and our ability to monetize such securities. in addition, with respect to certain dispositions, we are subject to regulatory and other restrictions on our use of proceeds. we have also provided and may provide financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the businesses we have sold or may sell, as described in greater detail in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. while we do not currently believe that claims under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant indemnity claims could be made against us. if such a claim or claims were successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
for additional information regarding the risks associated with aig's separation of its life and retirement business, see business and operations - "no assurances can be given that the separation of our life and retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. in addition, the separation could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of other risks to which aig is exposed" above.
for additional information on these financial guarantees and indemnities, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. in the normal course of business, we face significant risk from regulatory and governmental investigations and civil actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution in various domestic and foreign jurisdictions. in our insurance and reinsurance operations, we frequently engage in litigation and arbitration concerning the scope of coverage under insurance and reinsurance contracts, and face litigation and arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or indemnify their insureds under insurance and reinsurance contracts. additionally, from time to time, various regulatory and governmental agencies review the transactions and practices of aig and our subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and other inquiries into, among other matters, the business practices of current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. such investigations, inquiries or examinations have and could develop into administrative, civil or criminal proceedings or enforcement actions, in which remedies could include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in our business practices, and could result in additional expenses, limitations on certain business activities and reputational damage.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors aig, our subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors are also subject to, or may become subject to, a variety of additional types of legal disputes brought by holders of aig securities, customers, employees and others, alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or fiduciary duties, bad faith, indemnification and violations of federal and state statutes and regulations. certain of these matters may also involve potentially significant risk of loss due to the possibility of significant jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or other penalties. many of these matters are also highly complex and seek recovery on behalf of a class or similarly large number of plaintiffs. it is therefore inherently difficult to predict the size or scope of potential future losses arising from them, and developments in these matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations.
for information regarding potential litigation exposure as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance matters may adversely affect our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. there is increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders on esg practices and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. regulators have imposed and likely will continue to impose esg-related rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. moreover, certain organizations that provide information to investors have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to different esg matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. in 2021, we published our first esg report detailing the company's esg assessments and priorities and made a commitment to reduce our operational carbon emissions to net zero by 2050. if we are unable to meet these targets, standards, or expectations, whether established by us or third parties, it could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, or loss of customer and/or investor confidence, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
for information on the effects of climate change on our business, see reserves and exposures - "climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition" above.
our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. we have developed and continue to enhance enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to identify, monitor and mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed, which include hedging programs designed to manage market risk and reinsurance to manage geographic accumulations. there are, however, inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not sufficiently or accurately anticipated or identified. for example, our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and swaptions, as well as other hedging instruments, which may not effectively or completely reduce our risk; and assumptions underlying models used to measure accumulations and support reinsurance purchases may prove inaccurate and could leave us exposed to larger than expected catastrophe losses in a given year. in addition, our current business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient to reduce the impact of pandemics and other natural or man-made catastrophic events that are beyond our anticipated thresholds or impact tolerances.
if our risk management policies and procedures are ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve and new risks emerge, including for example risks related to climate change or meeting stakeholder expectations relating to environmental, social or governance issues, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. as a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses, because of market stress, unanticipated financial market movements or unanticipated claims experience from adverse mortality, morbidity or policyholder behavior. in addition, there can be no assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will understand and follow (or comply with) our risk management policies and procedures.
44 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. effective intellectual property rights protection may be unavailable, limited, or subject to change in some countries where we do or plan to do business. although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we have, and may in the future, litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property and to determine its scope, validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and may not prove successful. litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights may not be successful and cost a significant amount of money. the loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or could limit our ability to offer certain product features. consequently, we also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon their intellectual property rights, including patent rights, or violate license usage rights. any such intellectual property claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages, and in some circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers, or utilizing and benefiting from certain patent, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
regulation our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. our operations generally, and our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries in particular, are subject to extensive and potentially conflicting laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. our business and financial condition are also subject to supervision and regulation by authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. federal, state and foreign regulators also periodically review and investigate our insurance and reinsurance businesses, including aig-specific and industry-wide practices. the primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our insurance and reinsurance contract holders. the extent of regulation on our insurance and reinsurance business varies across the jurisdictions where we operate, but generally is governed by laws that delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to insurance departments and similar regulatory agencies. the laws and regulations that apply to our business and operations generally grant regulatory agencies and/or self-regulatory organizations broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to regulate the issuance, sale and distribution of our products, the manner in which we underwrite our policies, the delivery of our services, the nature or extent of disclosures that we give our customers, the compensation of our distribution partners, the manner in which we handle claims on our policies and the administration of our policies and contracts, as well as the power to limit or restrict our business for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. our life and retirement companies and their distributors are also subject to laws and regulations governing the standard of care applicable to sales of our products, the provision of advice to our customers and the manner in which certain conflicts of interest arising from or related to such sales or giving of advice are to be addressed. in addition, federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to certain of our insurance products that are considered 'securities' under such laws, including our variable annuity contracts, variable life insurance policies and the separate accounts that issue them, as well as our broker-dealer, investment advisor and mutual fund operations.
for additional information on the regulatory regimes we are subject to, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the standard of care-related regulations administered by the dol, see item 1. business - regulation - u.s. regulation.
significant legislative and regulatory activity has occurred at both the u.s. federal and state levels, as well as globally, in response to the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on insurance consumers. while some of these legislative and regulatory initiatives have expired, any resurgence of the covid-19 virus may lead to a renewal of those initiatives. we cannot predict what form future legal and regulatory responses to concerns about covid-19 and related public health issues will take, or how such responses will impact our business.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors some or all of our activities, impose substantial administrative penalties such as fines or require corrective actions, which individually or in the aggregate could interrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, when such authorities' interpretation of new or revised requirements related to capital, accounting treatment and/or valuation manual or reserving (such as pbr) materially differs from ours, we have incurred or may incur higher operating costs, or sales of products subject to such requirements or treatment may be affected.
in the united states, the rbc formula is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. regulators in other jurisdictions in which we do business have adopted capital and liquidity standards applicable to insurers and reinsurers operating in their jurisdiction. failure to comply with such rbc capital, liquidity and similar requirements, or as otherwise may be agreed by us or one of our insurance company subsidiaries with an insurance regulator, would generally permit the insurance regulator to take certain regulatory actions that could materially impact the affected company's operations. those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan describing how it would regain a specified rbc ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. the naic and the iais are also developing and testing methodologies for assessing group-wide regulatory capital, which might evolve into more formal group-wide capital requirements on certain insurance companies and/or their holding companies that may augment state-law rbc standards, and similar international standards, that apply at the legal entity level, and such capital calculations may be made, in whole or in part, on bases other than the statutory statements of our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries. we cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
we also cannot predict the impact that laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. it is possible such laws and regulations, our satisfaction of the iaig criteria and certain standard-setting initiatives by the fsb and the iais, including, but not limited to, the iais' common framework for the supervision of iaigs, a holistic framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk and the development and refinement of a risk-based global ics, solvency ii and european data protection board cross border data transfer in the european union, may significantly alter our business practices. for example, regulators have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks. they may also limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs. it is also possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the united states.
for additional information on our regulatory environment, see item 1. business - regulation.
for information regarding the effects of regulations related to climate change on our business, see reserves and exposures - "climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition" above.
for information regarding the regulatory response to the covid-19 pandemic, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
new laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. legislators, regulators and self-regulatory organizations have in the past, and may in the future, periodically consider various proposals that may affect or restrict, among other things, our business practices, product designs and distribution relationships, how we market, sell or service certain products we offer, our capital, reserving and accounting requirements, or the profitability of certain of our businesses. for example, our life insurance and annuity products provide the customer with certain federal income tax advantages. a tax law change that eliminates all or a portion of these advantages may reduce the demand from consumers for our products and change the likelihood of customers surrendering or rolling over existing contracts.
further, new laws and regulations may affect or significantly limit our ability to conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. these proposals or changes in legislation or regulation could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography or other criteria), limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs. it is uncertain whether and how these and other such proposals or changes in legislation or regulation would apply to us, those who sell or service our products, or our competitors or how they could impact our ability to compete effectively, as well as our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
for information regarding the regulatory response to the covid-19 pandemic, see market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted" above.
46 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors for information regarding climate change on our business, see reserves and exposures - "climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition" above.
certain provisions of dodd-frank remain relevant to insurance groups generally, including aig. the financial stability oversight council (council) rescinded our designation as a nonbank sifi on september 29, 2017, but the council remains authorized under dodd-frank to determine, subject to certain statutory and regulatory standards and to the council's guidance, which was recently changed to favor an activities-based approach to systemic risk identification and mitigation, that certain nonbank financial companies be designated as nonbank sifis subject to supervision by the board of governors of the federal reserve system and enhanced prudential standards. the council may also recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that we and other insurers or other nonbank financial services companies, including insurers, engage in. additionally, dodd-frank directs existing and newly created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law, which is an ongoing process. there remains considerable uncertainty as to the potential adoption and timing of additional regulatory changes related to dodd-frank. we cannot predict the requirements of any additional regulations that may be ultimately adopted or the impact they may have on our businesses, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
for additional information on provisions of dodd-frank that remain relevant to insurance groups generally, see item 1. business - regulation - u.s. regulation - dodd-frank.
an "ownership change" could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. as of december 31, 2021, on a u.s. gaap basis, we had u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $27.6 billion and $0.3 billion in foreign tax credits. our ability to use these tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code. in general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of aig parent's ownership (measured by value) by one or more "5-percent shareholders" (as defined in the internal revenue code) has increased by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). an entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its utilization of pre-ownership change tax loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the irs (afr) (subject to certain adjustments). the annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. the limitation on our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under section 382 of the internal revenue code would be dependent on the value of our equity and the afr at the time of any ownership change. if we were to experience an "ownership change", it is possible that a significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income.
our shareholders have adopted a protective amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (protective amendment), which is designed to prevent certain transfers of aig common stock that could result in an "ownership change". further, we have a tax asset protection plan (the plan) in place, which is designed to reduce the likelihood of an "ownership change" by (i) discouraging any person or group from becoming a 4.99 percent shareholder and (ii) discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder from acquiring additional shares of aig common stock. the protective amendment generally restricts any transfer of aig common stock that would (i) increase the ownership by any person to 4.99 percent or more of aig common stock then outstanding or (ii) increase the percentage of aig common stock owned by a five percent stockholder (as defined in the plan). despite the intentions of the plan and the protective amendment to deter and prevent an "ownership change", such an event may still occur. in addition, the plan and the protective amendment may make it more difficult and more expensive to acquire us, and may discourage open market purchases of aig common stock or a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for aig common stock. accordingly, the plan and the protective amendment may limit a shareholder's ability to realize a premium over the market price of aig common stock in connection with any stock transaction. the plan is currently set to expire on december 11, 2022, but our board of directors may, consistent with past practice, adopt an amendment to extend the plan beyond this expiration date. the protective amendment will expire on may 13, 2023 but may be extended by our shareholders in similar fashion.
changes to tax laws could increase our corporate taxes or make some of our products less attractive to consumers. the current united states administration and congressional leadership have proposed changes to the u.s. corporate and international tax systems, as well as increasing the taxation of u.s. individuals, including capital gains taxation.
the administration and congressional leadership have also proposed changes to complex provisions in the u.s. international tax system, including the base erosion and anti-abuse tax (beat) and global intangible low-taxed income (gilti). these changes could impact aig's after-tax earnings or cash flow. furthermore, there is the possibility of further regulatory guidance on certain aspects of the beat and gilti, which could impact the amounts recorded with respect to these international provisions, possibly materially.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors in addition to changing the taxation of corporations in general, there are proposals for increases in tax rates for individuals, capital gains, and changes to the estate tax. these changes could impact demand in the u.s. for life insurance and annuity contracts.
finally, it is possible that tax laws will be further changed either in a technical corrections bill or entirely new legislation. it remains difficult to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes or further guidance by the authorities in the u.s. or elsewhere in the world having a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as the impact of proposals on our business can vary substantially depending upon the specific changes or further guidance made and how the changes or guidance are implemented by the authorities.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7. md&a - consolidated results of operations - u.s. tax law changes.
the usa patriot act, the foreign corrupt practices act, the regulations administered by the u.s. department of the treasury, office of foreign assets control and similar laws and regulations that apply to us may expose us to significant penalties. as a company that operates in approximately 70 countries and jurisdictions, aig is subject to myriad regulations which govern items such as sanctions, bribery and anti-money laundering, for which failure to comply exposes us to significant penalties. the usa patriot act of 2001 requires companies to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for suspicious activities. the foreign corrupt practices act makes it unlawful for certain classes of persons and entities to make payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. also, the department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control administers regulations that restrict or prohibit dealings within u.s. jurisdictions involving certain organizations, individuals, countries, and financial products. the uk, the eu and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may sometimes conflict with those of the u.s. despite meaningful measures to ensure lawful conduct, which include training, audits and internal control policies and procedures, we may not always be able to prevent our employees or third parties acting on our behalf from violating these laws. as a result, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties as well as disgorgement. we could be required to make changes or enhancements to our compliance measures that could increase our costs, and we could be subject to other remedial actions. violations of these laws or allegations of such violations could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, cause management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
estimates and assumptions estimates or assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business may differ materially from actual experience. our financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap), which requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. the accounting policies that we consider most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are described in item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates. these accounting estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. these estimates are based on judgment, current facts and circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models. therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
in addition, we employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value assets and execute hedging strategies, as well as to assess risk and determine capital requirements, among other uses. these models are complex and rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate as intended. to the extent that any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such differences may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. for example, modeling for man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism and cyber events is especially difficult and less reliable given such models are in the early stages of development and therefore, not widely adopted or available. in addition, actions taken by governments and monetary authorities in response to the covid-19 pandemic have affected and may affect the models we use to estimate volatility, among other items, which could adversely affect our business. for our life and retirement companies, examples of factors that could negatively impact our assumptions and estimates include significant changes in policyholder behavior assumptions such as lapses, surrenders and withdrawal rates as well as the amount of withdrawals, fund performance, equity market returns and volatility and interest rate levels. as our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the number and complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our inherent exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data, controls and assumptions, and the controls we have in place to mitigate their risk may not be effective in all cases.
48 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 1a | risk factors changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. our financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which are periodically revised. accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board (fasb).
the fasb has revised the accounting standards for certain long-duration insurance contracts. the fasb issued accounting standards update no. 2018-12 - targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts, which has an effective date of january 1, 2023 and will significantly change the accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relates to our life and annuity products as well as certain accident and health products, among others. the implementation of these changes has imposed and will continue to impose special demands on us in the areas of governance, employee training, internal controls and disclosure and affect how we manage our business, all of which will impact our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, implementation of the changes could impact our products, in-force management and asset liability management strategies and have other implications on operations and technology.
the adoption of this newly issued standard will, and other future accounting standards may impact our reported consolidated results of operations, liquidity and reported financial condition and may cause investors to perceive greater volatility in our financial results, negatively impacting our level of investor interest and investment.
if our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or establish an additional valuation allowance against the deferred income tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. we test goodwill at least annually for impairment and conduct interim qualitative assessments on a periodic basis. impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the "reporting unit" to which the goodwill relates. in 2021, for substantially all of the reporting units we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. the fair value of the reporting unit is impacted by the performance of the business and could be adversely impacted if new business, customer retention, profitability or other drivers of performance differ from expectations, or upon the occurrence of certain events, including a significant and adverse change in regulations, legal factors, accounting standards or business climate, or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. our goodwill balance was $4.1 billion at december 31, 2021. if it is determined that goodwill has been impaired, we must write down goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). these write-downs could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. for additional information on goodwill impairment, see part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - goodwill impairment and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine if they are realizable. as of december 31, 2021, we had net deferred tax assets, after valuation allowance, of $11.5 billion, related to federal, foreign, and state and local jurisdictions. the performance of the business, the geographic and legal entity source of our income, tax planning strategies, and the ability to generate future taxable income from a variety of sources and planning strategies including capital gains, is factored into management's determination. if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to net income, which such action we have taken from time to time. such charges could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. for additional information on deferred tax assets, see part ii, item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates - income taxes and note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents item 1a | risk factors competition and employees we face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. our principal competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. the financial services industry, including the insurance industry, is highly competitive. within the u.s., our general insurance companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations. our life and retirement companies compete in the u.s. with life and retirement insurance companies and other participants in related financial services fields. overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with global insurance groups, local companies and the foreign insurance operations of large u.s. insurers.
general insurance companies and life and retirement companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. reductions of our credit ratings or ifs ratings or negative publicity may make it more difficult to compete to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business with existing customers, counterparties and distribution relationships. a decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our profitability.
technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry, including those related to evolving customer preferences, the digitization of insurance products and services, acceleration of automated underwriting, and electronic processes present competitive risks. technological advancements and innovation are occurring in distribution, underwriting, recordkeeping, advisory, claims and operations at a rapid pace, and that pace may increase, particularly as companies increasingly use data analytics and technology as part of their business strategy. additional costs may also be incurred in order to implement changes to automate procedures critical to our distribution channels in order to increase flexibility of access to our services and products. while we seek opportunities to leverage technological advancements and innovation for our customers' benefit, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if external technological advancements or innovation, or the regulation of technological advancements or innovation, limit our ability to retain existing business, write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, render our insurance products less suitable or impact our ability to adapt or deploy current products as quickly and effectively as our competitors.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. we may not be able to attract and retain the key employees and highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people, which may be difficult due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability. recruiting and retention of talent has become especially challenging in the current employment market, fueled in part by changes due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes, including as a result of the planned separation of the life and retirement business from aig. losing any of our key people, including key sales or business personnel, could also have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. additionally, we may face increased costs if, as a result of the competitive market and recent inflationary pressures, we must offer and pay a greater level of remuneration to attract or replace certain critical employees or hire contractors to fill highly skilled roles while vacant. our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
in addition, we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior management and other key employees. while we have succession plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to us.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses. there have been a number of cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years and we are also exposed to the risk that employee misconduct could occur. our human resources and compliance departments work collaboratively to monitor for fraud and conduct extensive training for employees. however, employee misconduct may still occur. instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, misuse of customer or proprietary information, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or our internal policies may result in losses and/or reputational damage.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, may constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements are intended to provide management's current expectations or plans for aig's future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. forward-looking statements are often preceded by, followed by or include words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "expectations," "intend," "plan," "strategy," "prospects," "project," "anticipate," "should," "see," "guidance," "outlook," "confident," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. these statements may include, among other things, projections, goals and assumptions that relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expense reduction efforts, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, such as the separation of the life and retirement business, the effect of catastrophes, such as the covid-19 pandemic, and macroeconomic events, anticipated dispositions, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results, and other statements that are not historical facts.
all forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause aig's actual results and financial condition to differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial condition expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause aig's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements include, without limitation:
aig's ability to successfully separate the life and retirement business and the impact any separation may have on aig, its businesses, employees, contracts and customers;                                                                                                                    concentrations in aig's investment portfolios, including as a result of our asset management relationship with blackstone;
the occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made, including covid-19, other pandemics, civil unrest and the effects of climate change;                                                                                                                                   the effectiveness of strategies to recruit and retain key personnel and to implement effective succession plans;
the effect of economic conditions in the markets in which aig and its businesses operate in the u.s. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and inflationary pressures;                                                  the effectiveness of aig's enterprise risk management policies and procedures, including with respect to business continuity and disaster recovery plans;
aig's ability to effectively execute on the aig 200 operational programs designed to modernize aig's operating infrastructure and enhance user and customer experiences, and aig's ability to achieve anticipated cost savings from aig 200;                                                                                             changes in judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets and the impairment of goodwill;
the impact of potential information technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches, including as a result of supply chain disruptions, cyber-attacks or security vulnerabilities, the likelihood of which may increase due to extended remote business operations as a result of covid-19;                                                                                     aig's ability to effectively execute on esg targets and standards;
the impact of covid-19 and responses thereto, including new or changed governmental policy and regulatory actions, on aig's business, financial condition and results of operations;                                                                                                          aig's ability to successfully dispose of, monetize and/or acquire businesses or assets or successfully integrate acquired businesses;
availability of reinsurance or access to reinsurance on acceptable terms;                                                                                                                                                                            nonperformance or defaults by counterparties, including fortitude reinsurance company ltd. (fortitude re);
disruptions in the availability of aig's electronic data systems or those of third parties;                                                                                                                                                                                      changes in judgments concerning potential cost-saving opportunities;
changes to the valuation of aig's investments;                                                                                                                                                                                                                       changes to our sources of or access to liquidity;
actions by rating agencies with respect to aig's credit and financial strength ratings as well as those of its businesses and subsidiaries;                                                                                                                                                 changes in judgments or assumptions concerning insurance underwriting and insurance liabilities;
such other factors discussed in:-part i, item 1a. risk factors of this annual report; and-this part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&amp;a) of this annual report.
the forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, or in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. we are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements is disclosed from time to time in our other filings with the sec.
table of contents item 7 | index to item 7
index to item 7
critical accounting estimates                                                            59
credit ratings                                                                          118
life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac         130
liquidity and capital resources                                                         139
analysis of sources and uses of cash liquidity and capital resources of aig parent and subsidiaries credit facilities                                                                       144
contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements and commercial commitments debt credit ratings financial strength ratings rating agency actions related to the announced separation of life and retirement        149
risk governance structure risk appetite, limits, identification and measurement credit risk management market risk management liquidity risk management operational risk management insurance risks                                                                         163
we have incorporated into this discussion a number of cross-references to additional information included throughout this annual report to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular subject.
56 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | use of non-gaap measures use of non-gaap measures throughout this md&a, we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results. some of the measurements we use are "non-gaap financial measures" under sec rules and regulations. gaap is the acronym for "generally accepted accounting principles" in the united states. the non-gaap financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly-named measures reported by other companies.
we use the following operating performance measures because we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of continuing operations and trends of our business segments. we believe they also allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. when we use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable gaap measure are provided on a consolidated basis in the consolidated results of operations section of this md&a.
book value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (aoci) adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets and deferred tax assets (dta) (adjusted book value per common share) is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-common share basis after eliminating items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period including changes in fair value of aig's available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and u.s. tax attribute deferred tax assets. this measure also eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance liabilities. in addition, we adjust for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets held by aig in support of fortitude re's reinsurance obligations to aig post deconsolidation of fortitude re (fortitude re funds withheld assets) since these fair value movements are economically transferred to fortitude re. we exclude deferred tax assets representing u.s. tax attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized. amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. as net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the dta utilized is included in these book value per common share metrics. adjusted book value per common share is derived by dividing total aig common shareholders' equity, excluding aoci adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets, and dta (adjusted common shareholders' equity), by total common shares outstanding.
return on common equity - adjusted after-tax income excluding aoci adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets and dta (adjusted return on common equity) is used to show the rate of return on common shareholders' equity. we believe this measure is useful to investors because it eliminates items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and u.s. tax attribute deferred tax assets. this measure also eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance liabilities. in addition, we adjust for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets since these fair value movements are economically transferred to fortitude re. we exclude deferred tax assets representing u.s. tax attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized. amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. as net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the dta utilized is included in adjusted return on common equity. adjusted return on common equity is derived by dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to aig common shareholders by average adjusted common shareholders' equity.
adjusted after-tax income attributable to aig common shareholders is derived by excluding the tax effected adjusted pre-tax income (apti) adjustments described below, dividends on preferred stock, noncontrolling interest on net realized gains (losses) and other non-operating expenses and the following tax items from net income attributable to aig:
 changes in uncertain tax positions and other tax items related to legacy matters having no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; and
adjusted revenues exclude net realized gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in other income for gaap purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in net investment income for gaap purposes). adjusted revenues is a gaap measure for our segments.
table of contents item 7 | use of non-gaap measures adjusted pre-tax income is derived by excluding the items set forth below from income from continuing operations before income tax. this definition is consistent across our segments. these items generally fall into one or more of the following broad categories: legacy matters having no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; adjustments to enhance transparency to the underlying economics of transactions; and measures that we believe to be common to the industry. apti is a gaap measure for our segments. excluded items include the following:
changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           income or loss from discontinued operations;
changes in benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (dac), value of business acquired (voba), and deferred sales inducements (dsi) related to net realized gains and losses;                                                                                                                                                                                                                      net loss reserve discount benefit (charge);
changes in the fair value of equity securities;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                pension expense related to lump sum payments to former employees;
net investment income on fortitude re funds withheld assets;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         net gain or loss on divestitures; 
following deconsolidation of fortitude re, net realized gains and losses on fortitude re funds withheld assets;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       non-operating litigation reserves and settlements;
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt;                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              restructuring and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and simplify our organization; 
all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication. earned income on such economic hedges is reclassified from net realized gains and losses to specific apti line items based on the economic risk being hedged (e.g. net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances);   the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain;
integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses;
non-recurring costs associated with the implementation of non-ordinary course legal or regulatory changes or changes to accounting principles.
- ratios: we, along with most property and casualty insurance companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as measures of underwriting performance. these ratios are relative measurements that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and loss adjustment expenses (which for general insurance excludes net loss reserve discount), and the amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred. a combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. our ratios are calculated using the relevant segment information calculated under gaap, and thus may not be comparable to similar ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes. the underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. in addition, investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios.
- accident year loss and accident year combined ratios, as adjusted (accident year loss ratio, ex-cat and accident year combined ratio, ex-cat): both the accident year loss and accident year combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. natural catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events, in each case, having a net impact on aig in excess of $10 million and man-made catastrophe losses, such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10 million threshold. we believe that as adjusted ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting results on an ongoing basis as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of reserve discounting which are outside of management's control. we also exclude prior year development to provide transparency related to current accident year results.
- premiums and deposits: includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts, federal home loan bank (fhlb) funding agreements and mutual funds. we believe the measure of premiums and deposits is useful in understanding customer demand for our products, evolving product trends and our sales performance period over period.
58 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment.
the accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of:
future policy benefit reserves for life and accident and health insurance contracts;
liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products;
embedded derivative liabilities for fixed index annuity and life products;
estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products;
reinsurance assets, including the allowance for credit losses and disputes;
allowance for credit losses on certain investments, primarily on loans and available for sale fixed maturity securities;
fair value measurements of certain financial assets and financial liabilities; and
income taxes, in particular the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and establishment of provisions for uncertain tax positions.
these accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. to the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar product lines and, in some cases, the disaggregation of dissimilar losses within a product line.
all of our methods to calculate net reserves include assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability. reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates overview of loss reserving process and methods our loss reserves can generally be categorized into two distinct groups: short-tail reserves and long-tail reserves. short-tail reserves consist principally of u.s. property and special risks, europe property and special risks, u.s. personal insurance, and europe and japan personal insurance. long-tail reserves include u.s. workers' compensation, u.s. excess casualty, u.s. other casualty, u.s. financial lines, europe casualty and financial lines, and u.s. run-off long tail insurance lines.
short-tail reserves for our short-tail coverages, such as property, where the nature of claims is generally high frequency with short reporting periods, with volatility arising from occasional severe events, the process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves is geared toward maintaining ibnr based on percentages of net earned premiums for that business, rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios based on reported losses. for example, the ibnr reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a product line such as homeowners might be approximately 20 percent of the quarter's earned premiums. this level of reserve would generally be recorded regardless of the actual losses reported in the current quarter, thus recognizing severe events as they occur. the percent of premium factor reflects both our expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with the line of business and the expectation of the percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been reported. the expected ultimate loss costs generally reflect the average loss costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business, known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting the line of business. the expected percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not yet been reported would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. for more mature quarters, specific loss development methods would be used to determine the ibnr. for other product lines where the nature of claims is high frequency but low severity, methods including loss development, frequency/severity or a multiple of average monthly losses may be used to determine ibnr reserves. ibnr for claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be determined in close collaboration with the claims department's evaluation of known information, using alternative techniques or expected percentages of ultimate loss cost emergence based on historical loss emergence of similar claim types.
long-tail reserves estimation of loss reserves for our long-tail casualty lines of business is a complex process and depends on a number of factors, including the product line and volume of business, as well as estimates of reinsurance recoveries. experience in more recent accident years generally provides limited statistical credibility of reported net losses on long-tail casualty lines of business. that is because in the more recent accident years, a relatively low proportion of estimated ultimate net incurred losses are reported or paid. therefore, ibnr reserves constitute a relatively high proportion of loss reserves.
for our long-tail lines, we generally make actuarial and other assumptions with respect to the following:
 tail factors, which are development factors used for certain long-tail lines of business (for example, excess casualty, workers' compensation and general liability), to project future loss development for periods that extend beyond the available development data. the development of losses to the ultimate loss for a given accident year for these lines may take decades and the projection of ultimate losses for an accident year is very sensitive to the tail factors selected beyond a certain age.
we record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each product line of business. the overall change in our loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all product lines of business. for most long-tail product lines of business, the quarterly loss reserve changes are based on the estimated current loss ratio for each subset of coverage less any amounts paid. also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest detailed valuation reviews, large loss analyses, or other analytical techniques, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss reserve and incurred losses for the current quarter. differences between actual loss emergence in a given period and our expectations based on prior loss reserve estimates are used to monitor reserve adequacy between detailed valuation reviews and may also influence our judgment with respect to adjusting reserve estimates.
60 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates details of the loss reserving process the process of determining the current loss ratio for each product line of business is based on a variety of factors. these include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business. other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration or in the legal and claims environment. the current loss ratio for each product line of business is intended to represent our best estimate after reflecting all relevant factors. at the close of each quarter, the assumptions and data underlying the loss ratios are reviewed to determine whether they remain appropriate. this process includes a review of the actual loss experience in the quarter, actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in reinsurance, quantifiable changes in coverage or mix of business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. the loss ratio is changed to reflect the revised estimate if this review suggests that the previously determined loss ratio is no longer appropriate.
we conduct a comprehensive loss reserve detailed valuation review at least annually for each product line of business in accordance with actuarial standards of practice. these standards provide that the unpaid loss estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a point estimate, a range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected value of several reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the unpaid loss amount. our actuarial best estimate for each product line of business represents an expected value generally considering a range of reasonably possible outcomes.
the reserve analysis for each product line of business is performed by a credentialed actuarial team in collaboration with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk management and senior management. our actuaries consider the ongoing applicability of prior data groupings and update numerous assumptions, including the analysis and selection of loss development and loss trend factors. they also determine and select the appropriate actuarial or other methods used to develop our best estimate for each business product line, and may employ multiple methods and assumptions for each product line. these data groupings, accident year weights, method selections and assumptions necessarily change over time as business mix changes, development factors mature and become more credible and loss characteristics evolve. through the execution of these detailed valuation reviews an actuarial best estimate of the loss reserve is determined. the sum of these estimates for each product line of business yields an overall actuarial best estimate for that line of business.
for certain product lines, we measure sensitivities and determine explicit ranges around the actuarial best estimate using multiple methodologies and varying assumptions. where we have ranges, we use them to inform our selection of best estimates of loss reserves by product line of business. our range of reasonable estimates is not intended to cover all possibilities or extreme values and is based on known data and facts at the time of estimation.
we consult with third-party environmental litigation and engineering specialists, third-party toxic tort claims professionals, third-party clinical and public health specialists, third-party workers' compensation claims adjusters and third-party actuarial advisors to help inform our judgments, as needed.
a critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is an internal peer review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries independent of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions used, methods selected and weightings given to different methods. in addition, each detailed valuation review is subjected to a review and challenge process by specialists in our enterprise risk management group.
 an assessment of economic conditions including inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration;
 changes in medical cost trends (inflation, intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation trends;
 underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions including attachment points and policy limits;
 input from underwriters on pricing, terms, and conditions and market trends; and
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates actuarial and other methods for our lines of business our actuaries determine the appropriate actuarial methods and segmentation. this determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the losses associated with the product line of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. in addition to determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. this determination is a judgmental, dynamic process and refinements to the groupings are made every year. the groupings may change to reflect observed or emerging patterns within and across product lines, or to differentiate risk characteristics (for example, size of deductibles and extent of third-party claims specialists used by our insureds). as an example of reserve segmentation, we write many unique subsets of professional liability insurance, which cover different products, industry segments, and coverage structures. while for pricing or other purposes, it may be appropriate to evaluate the profitability of each subset individually, we believe it is appropriate to combine the subsets into larger groups for reserving purposes to produce a greater degree of credibility in the loss experience. this determination of data segmentation and related actuarial methods is assessed, reviewed and updated at least annually.
the actuarial methods we use most commonly include paid and incurred loss development methods, expected loss ratio methods, including "bornhuetter ferguson" and "cape cod", and frequency/severity models. loss development methods utilize the actual loss development patterns from prior accident years updated through the current year to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis for all accident years. we also use this information to update our current accident year loss selections. loss development methods are generally most appropriate for lines of business that exhibit a stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for which the components of the product line have similar development characteristics. for example, property exposures would generally not be combined into the same product line as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not be combined into the same product line as excess casualty exposures. we continually refine our loss reserving techniques and adopt further segmentations based on our analysis of differing emerging loss patterns for certain product lines. we generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data lacked sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for new product lines of business or for long-tail product lines at early stages of loss development. frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency counts are available to apply such approaches.
expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the product line of business to determine the liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses. for example, an expected loss ratio of 70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a product line of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million. subtracting any paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss reserve for this product line. under the bornhuetter ferguson method, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported portion of the losses. for example, for a long-tail product line of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be used to represent the 90 percent of losses still unreported. the actual reported losses at the end of the accident year would be added to determine the total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. subtracting the reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss reserve. in the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would be multiplied by 90 percent. the result of 63 percent would be applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated unreported loss of $6.3 million. actual reported losses would be added to arrive at the total ultimate losses. if the reported losses were $1 million, the ultimate loss estimate under the bornhuetter ferguson method would be $7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the expected loss ratio method described above. thus, the bornhuetter ferguson method gives partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the product line of business. loss development methods generally give full credibility to the reported loss experience to date. in the example above, loss development methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million, as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only 10 percent of the ultimate losses.
a key advantage of loss development methods is that they respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the product line of business. therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing experience. expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the change, as they would continue to give more weight to a prior expected loss ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the changing loss experience. on the other hand, loss development methods have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss experience is anomalous due to the various key factors described above and the inherent volatility in some of the lines. for example, the presence or absence of large losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the loss development method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it is a fundamental shift in the development pattern. in these instances, expected loss ratio methods such as bornhuetter ferguson have the advantage of recognizing large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the unreported portion of the losses for the accident year.
62 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates frequency/severity methods generally rely on the determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each claim for each accident year. multiplying the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. average severity for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. in certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss cost. frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate losses. thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other methods. however, for average severity to be predictable, the product line of business must consist of homogenous types of claims for which loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent and where there are limited changes to deductible levels or limits. generally these methods work best for high frequency, low severity product lines of business such as personal auto. however, frequency and severity metrics are also used to test the reasonability of results for other product lines of business and provide indications of underlying trends in the data. in addition, ultimate claim counts can be used as an alternative exposure measure to earned premiums in the cape cod method.
structural driver analytics seek to explain the underlying drivers of frequency/severity. a structural driver analysis of frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. for example, for the excess workers' compensation product line of business, we have attempted to corroborate our judgment by considering the impact on severity of the future potential for deterioration of an injured worker's medical condition, the impact of price inflation on the various categories of medical expense and cost of living adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and claim specific settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the following:
 claim by claim reviews, often facilitated by third-party specialists, to determine the stability and likelihood of settling an injured worker's indemnity and medical benefits;
 analysis of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition unlikely to be picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially costly medical procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of medical care) over the course of the injured worker's lifetime;
 analysis of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of medical spend (services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line with statutory requirements;
 portfolio specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a mortality study conducted for our primary and excess workers' compensation portfolios and our opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported cases;
 ground-up consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the product line of business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims; and
 the effects of various run-off loss management strategies that have been developed by our run-off unit.
in recent years, we have expanded our analysis of structural drivers to additional product lines of business as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional actuarial techniques. for example, we have explicitly used external estimates of future medical inflation and mortality in estimating the loss development tail for excess of deductible primary workers' compensation business. using external forecasts for items such as these can improve the accuracy and stability of our estimates.
the estimation of liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses relating to asbestos and environmental pollution losses on insurance policies written many years ago is typically subject to greater uncertainty than other types of losses. this is due to inconsistent court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. in addition, reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and determination of proper policy period. for these reasons, these balances tend to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity when actually billed. the insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures.
we continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites, referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims asserting injuries from asbestos. the vast majority of these asbestos and environmental losses emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years. commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for pollution-related damage and asbestos. the current environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates the majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental losses are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. the litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur. individual significant loss reserves, where future litigation costs are reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis.
u.s. workers'          we generally use a combination of loss development and expected loss ratio methods for u.s. workers' compensation as this is a long-tail line of business. the loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our guaranteed cost loss reserves. this is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year's reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for primary workers' compensation business.
compensation the tail factor is typically the most critical assumption, and small changes in the selected tail factor can have a material effect on our carried reserves. for example, the tail factors beyond twenty years for guaranteed cost business could vary by one and one-half percent below to two percent above those indicated in the 2021 detailed valuation review. for excess of deductible business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that tail factors beyond twenty years could vary by four percent below to six percent above those indicated in the 2021 detailed valuation review.
u.s. excess casualty   we utilize various loss cost trend assumptions for different segments of the portfolio. in our judgment, after evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident years since the early 1990s, it is reasonably likely that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2021 detailed valuation review for u.s. excess casualty may range five percent lower or higher than this estimated loss trend. the loss cost trend assumption is critical for the u.s. excess casualty line of business due to the long-tail nature of the losses, and it is applied across many accident years. thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were initially relied upon in setting the loss reserves. these changes in loss trends could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses.u.s. excess casualty is a long-tail line of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be discernible for an extended period of time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year. mass tort claims in particular may develop over a very extended period and impact multiple accident years, so we usually select a separate pattern for them. thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were initially relied upon in setting the reserves. in our judgment, after evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual loss development factors could vary by an amount equivalent to a six month shift from those actually utilized in the year-end 2021 detailed valuation review. this would impact projections both for accident years where the selections were directly based on loss development methods as well as the a priori loss ratio assumptions for accident years with selections based on bornhuetter ferguson or cape cod methods. similar to loss cost trends, these changes in loss development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses.
u.s. other casualty    the key uncertainties for other casualty lines are similar to u.s. excess casualty, as the underlying business is long-tailed and can be subject to variability in loss cost trends and changes in loss development factors. these may differ significantly by line of business as coverages such as general liability, medical malpractice and environmental may be subject to different risk drivers.
64 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates line of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             key assumptions business or category
u.s. financial lines                            the loss cost trends for u.s. directors and officers (d&amp;o) liability business vary by year and subset. after evaluating the historical loss cost levels from prior accident years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of losses relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that the actual variation in loss cost levels for these subsets could vary by approximately 10 percent lower or higher on a year-over-year basis than the assumptions actually utilized in the year-end 2021 reserve review. because the u.s. d&amp;o business has exhibited highly volatile loss trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of an exceptionally high deviation. in our analysis, the effects of loss cost trend assumptions affect the results through the a priori loss ratio assumptions used for the bornhuetter ferguson and cape cod methods, which impact the projections for the more recent accident years.the selected loss development factors are also an important assumption, but are less critical than for u.s. excess casualty. because these lines are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and development tail is much shorter than for u.s. excess casualty. however, the high severity nature of the losses does create the potential for significant deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. similar to u.s. excess casualty, after evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss development factors could change by an amount equivalent to a shift by six months from those actually utilized in the year-end 2021 reserve review.
u.s. and uk/europe property and special risks   for short-tail lines such as property and special risks, variance in outcomes for individual large claims or events can have a significant impact on results. these outcomes generally relate to unique characteristics of events such as catastrophes or losses with significant business interruption claims.
u.s., uk/europe and japan personal insurance    personal insurance is short-tailed in nature similar to property and special risks but less volatile. variance in estimates can result from unique events such as catastrophes. in addition, some subsets of this business, such as auto liability, can be impacted by changes in loss development factors and loss cost trends.
u.s. run-off long tail insurance lines          these are extremely long-tailed lines of business, and as such, carry a greater than normal degree of uncertainty when selecting loss development factors. historically, we have used a combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for excess workers' compensation and other run-off insurance lines. for environmental claims, we have utilized a variety of methods including traditional loss development approaches, claim department and other expert evaluations of the ultimate costs for certain claims and survival ratio metrics.
other reserve items                             loss adjustment expenses (lae) are separated into two broad categories: allocated loss adjustment expenses, also referred to as legal defense and cost containment or "legal" and unallocated loss adjustment expenses, which includes certain claims adjuster fees and other internal claim management costs.we determine reserves for legal expenses for each line of business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. for most lines of business, legal costs are analyzed in conjunction with losses. for lines of business where they are separately analyzed the methods used generally include development methods comparable to those described for loss development methods. the development could be based on either the paid loss adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid losses, or both. other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from prior accident years or from similar product lines of business.the bulk of adjuster expenses are allocated and charged to individual claim files. for these expenses, we generally determine reserves based on calendar year ratios of adjuster expenses paid to losses paid for the particular product line of business. for other internal claim costs, which generally relate to specific claim department expenses that are not allocated to individual claim files such as technology costs and other broad initiatives, we look at historic and expected expenditures for these items and project these into the future.the incidence of lae is directly related to the frequency, complexity and level of underlying claims. as a result, a key driver of variability in lae is the variability in the overall claims, particularly for long tail lines.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates the following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2021:
for additional information on our reserving process and methodology see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy benefit reserves for life and accident and health insurance contracts long-duration traditional products primarily include whole life insurance, term life insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate annuities including u.s. pension risk transfer (prt) business and structured settlements. in addition, these products also include accident and health, and long-term care (ltc) insurance. the ltc block is in run-off and has been fully reinsured with fortitude re.
for long-duration traditional business, a "lock-in" principle applies. generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future benefits less the present value of future net premiums (portion of the gross premium required to provide for all benefits and expenses). the assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and dac are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. the assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns. these assumptions are typically consistent with pricing inputs. the assumptions also include margins for adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate from these assumptions. establishing margins at contract inception requires management judgment. the extent of the margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows, which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of our experience with the product.
66 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates overview of loss recognition process and methods loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss recognition testing. to determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine whether a future loss is expected based on updated current best estimate assumptions. if loss recognition exists, the assumptions as of the loss recognition test date are locked-in and used in subsequent valuations and the net reserves continue to be subject to loss recognition testing. because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities subject to the "lock-in" principle, small changes in certain assumptions may cause large changes in the degree of reserve balances. in particular, changes in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree of reserve balances.
groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the profitability of the business and are applied by product groupings, that span across issuance years, including traditional life, payout annuities and ltc insurance. once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. our policy is to perform loss recognition testing net of reinsurance. the business ceded to fortitude re, is grouped separately. since 100 percent of the risk has been ceded, no additional loss recognition events are expected to occur unless this business is recaptured.
key judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following:
 to determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we project future cash flows on the assets supporting the liabilities. the duration of these assets is generally comparable to the duration of the liabilities and such, assets are primarily comprised of diversified portfolio of high to medium quality fixed maturity securities, and may also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments. our projections include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit losses over the projection horizon. a critical assumption in the projection of expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at which excess cash flows are to be reinvested.
 for mortality assumptions, base future assumptions take into account industry and our historical experience, as well as expected mortality changes in the future. the latter judgment is based on a combination of historical mortality trends and industry observations, public health and demography specialists that were consulted by aig's actuaries and published industry information.
 for surrender rates, key judgments involve the correlation between expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender rates. to support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products to expected rates on competing products under different interest rate scenarios.
 significant unrealized appreciation on investments in a low interest rate environment may cause dac to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other comprehensive income (changes related to unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments). these charges are included, net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments. in applying changes related to unrealized appreciation of investments, the company overlays unrealized gains and other changes related to unrealized appreciation of investments onto loss recognition tests.
for additional information on impact of changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) to investments, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
for universal life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize certain liabilities in addition to policyholder account balances. for universal life policies with secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception, a liability is recognized based on a benefit ratio of (i) the present value of total expected payments, in excess of the account value, over the life of the contract, divided by (ii) the present value of total expected assessments over the life of the contract. universal life account balances as well as these additional liabilities related to universal life products are reported within future policy benefits in the consolidated balance sheets. these additional liabilities are also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity securities available for sale on accumulated assessments, with related changes recognized through other comprehensive income (loss). the primary policyholder behavior assumptions for these liabilities include mortality, lapses and premium persistency. the primary capital market assumptions used for the liability for universal life secondary guarantees include discount rates and net earned rates.
for additional information on actuarial assumption updates see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - update of actuarial assumptions and models - investment-oriented products.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products variable annuity products offered by our individual retirement and group retirement segments offer guaranteed benefit features. these guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) that are payable in the event of death and living benefits that guarantee lifetime withdrawals regardless of fixed account and separate account value performance. living benefit features primarily include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (gmwb).
for additional information on these features, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
the liability for gmdb, which is recorded in future policy benefits, represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably through policyholder benefits over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. the liabilities for variable annuity gmwb, which are recorded in policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in net realized gains (losses).
certain of our fixed annuity and fixed index annuity contracts, which are not offered through separate accounts, contain optional gmwb benefits. different versions of these gmwb riders contain different guarantee provisions. the liability for gmwb benefits in fixed annuity and fixed index annuity contracts for which the rider guarantee is considered to be clearly and closely related to the host contract are recorded in future policy benefits. this gmwb liability represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments, through policyholder benefits. for rider guarantees that are linked to equity indices that are considered to be embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, the gmwb liability is recorded in policyholder contract deposits and measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in net realized gains (losses).
our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder's account balance is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. a deferred annuity contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a gmdb and a gmwb. however, a policyholder can generally only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living benefit, i.e., the features are generally mutually exclusive (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a gmdb upon their spouse's death and a gmwb during his or her lifetime). a policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on one contract. declines in the equity markets, increased volatility and a low interest rate environment increase our exposure to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in the liabilities for those benefits.
for sensitivity analysis which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to changes in the assumptions for interest rates, equity returns, volatility, and mortality see "estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products" below.
for additional information on market risk management related to these product features, see "enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs."
68 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates the reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in the following table:
guaranteed benefit feature                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    reserving methodology &amp;
gmdb and fixed and certain fixed index annuity gmwb                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               we determine the gmdb liability at each balance sheet date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. for certain fixed and fixed index annuity products, we determine the gmwb liability at each balance sheet date by estimating the expected withdrawal benefits once the projected account balance has been exhausted ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. these gmwb features are deemed to not be embedded derivatives as the gmwb feature is determined to be clearly and closely related to the host contract. the present value of the total expected excess payments (e.g., payments in excess of account value) over the life of contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments is referred to as the benefit ratio. the magnitude and direction of the change in reserves may vary over time based on the emergence of the benefit ratio and the level of assessments.for additional information on how we reserve for variable and fixed index annuity products with guaranteed benefit features see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
interest credited that varies by year of issuance and products •
actuarially determined assumptions for mortality rates that are based upon industry and our historical experience modified to allow for variations in policy features and experience anomalies•
asset returns that include a reversion to the mean methodology, similar to that applied for dac in applying separate account asset growth assumptions for the variable annuity gmdb liability, we use a reversion to the mean methodology, the same as that applied to dac. for the fixed index annuity gmwb liability, policyholder funds are projected assuming growth equal to current option values for the current crediting period followed by option budgets for all subsequent crediting periods. for the fixed annuity liability, policyholder fund growth projected assuming credited rates are expected to be maintained at a target pricing spread, subject to guaranteed minimums.
variable annuity and certain fixed index annuity gmwb                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             gmwb living benefits on variable annuities and gmwb living benefits linked to equity indices on fixed index annuities are embedded derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in realized gains (losses). the fair value of these embedded derivatives is based on assumptions that a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. for additional information on how we reserve for variable and fixed index annuity products with guaranteed benefit features see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, and for information on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we incorporate our own non-performance risk see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
the fair value of the embedded derivatives, which are level 3 liabilities, is based on a risk-neutral framework and incorporates actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. key assumptions include:•
equity market returns•
market volatility•
credit spreads•
equity / interest rate correlation•
policyholder behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization. estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical experience•
in applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of gmwbs, we use market-consistent assumptions calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices•
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates embedded derivatives for fixed index annuity and life products fixed index annuity and life products provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index. certain fixed index annuity products offer optional guaranteed benefit features similar to those offered on variable annuity products. policyholders may elect to rebalance among the various accounts within the product at specified renewal dates. at the end of each index term, we generally have the opportunity to re-price the indexed component by establishing different participation rates or caps on equity indexed credited rates. the index crediting feature of these products results in the recognition of an embedded derivative that is required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in net realized gains (losses). option pricing models are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity indexed credited rates in light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions.
for additional information on market risk management related to these product features see enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs.
estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life insurance and investment-type products, for example, variable, fixed and fixed index annuities, (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over the expected lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods. investment oriented products have a long duration and a disclosed crediting interest rate. total gross profits include both actual gross profits and estimates of gross profits for future periods. estimated gross profits include current and projected interest rates, net investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility. in estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on dac amortization. for fixed index annuity contracts, the future spread between investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment. we regularly evaluate our assumptions used for estimated gross profits. if the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change, dac and related reserves, including voba, dsi, guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve (urr), are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. updating such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products.
in estimating future gross profits for variable annuity products as of december 31, 2021, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 7.0 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) was applied to estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees. in determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a reversion to the mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or below the long-term annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. the reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance. when actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or "unlock" the growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods.
for additional information, see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - dac - reversion to the mean.
70 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates the following table summarizes the sensitivity of changes in certain assumptions for dac and dsi, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits and urr, measured as the related hypothetical impact on december 31, 2021 balances and the resulting hypothetical impact on pre-tax income, before hedging.
(in millions)                                     asset          benefits        reserve             benefits         income assumptions:
equity return(a)
volatility(b)
mortality effect of an increase by 1%                        (10)                41        -                       (54)              3
(a) represents the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity returns for gmdb reserves and net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in the s&p 500 index on the value of the gmwb embedded derivative.
(b) represents the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity volatility.
the sensitivity ranges of 10 basis points, one percent and 10 percent are included for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the changes in net investment spreads, equity return, volatility, interest rate, mortality or lapse used by aig in its fair value analyses or estimates of future gross profits to value dac and related reserves. changes different from those illustrated may occur in any period and may result from different products.
the analysis of dac, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits, and unearned revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions described above. we estimate each of the above factors individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key assumptions. an assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. the effects on pre-tax income in the sensitivity analysis table above do not reflect the related effects from our economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other financial instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded derivative liabilities.
for additional information on guaranteed benefit features of our variable annuities and the related hedging program see enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs, insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - variable annuity guaranteed benefits and hedging results, and notes 4, 8 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
for additional information on actuarial assumption updates see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - update of actuarial assumptions and models - investment-oriented products.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates reinsurance assets in the ordinary course of business, our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to provide greater diversification of our businesses. reinsurance assets include the balances due from reinsurance and insurance companies under the terms of our reinsurance agreements for paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, ceded unearned premiums and ceded future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts and benefits paid and unpaid.
the estimation of reinsurance recoverables involves a significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as asbestos, due to their long-tail nature. reinsurance assets include reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the estimation of gross loss reserves. similarly, other assets include reinsurance recoverables for contracts which are accounted for as deposits.
we assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable balances in each reporting period, through either historical trends of disputes and credit events or financial analysis of the credit quality of the reinsurer. we record adjustments to reflect the results of these assessments through an allowance for credit losses and disputes that reduces the carrying amount of reinsurance and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets (collectively, reinsurance recoverables). this estimate requires significant judgment for which key considerations include:
an estimate of the reinsurance recoverables lifetime expected credit losses is established utilizing a probability of default and loss given default method, which reflects the reinsurer's orr rating. the allowance for credit losses excludes disputed amounts. an allowance for disputes is established for a reinsurance recoverable using the losses incurred model for contingencies.
for additional information on reinsurance see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill impairment goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. a qualitative assessment may be performed, considering whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its carrying value. if management elects to perform a quantitative assessment to determine recoverability of carrying value or is compelled to do so based on the results of a qualitative assessment, the estimate of fair value involves applying one or a combination of common valuation approaches. these include discounted expected future cash flows, market-based earnings multiples and external appraisals, among other methods, all of which require management judgment and are subject to uncertainty, primarily as it relates to assumptions around business growth, earnings projections, and cost of capital.
for additional information on goodwill impairment see part i, item 1a. risk factors - estimates and assumptions and note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
72 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates allowance for credit losses on certain investments we maintain an allowance for the expected lifetime credit losses of commercial and residential mortgage loans and available for sale securities. the sufficiency of this allowance is reviewed quarterly using both quantitative and qualitative considerations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
available for sale securities if we intend to sell a fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis and the fair value of the security is below amortized cost, an impairment has occurred and the amortized cost is written down to current fair value, with a corresponding charge to realized losses. no allowance is established in these situations and any previously recorded allowance is reversed. when assessing our intent to sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities to take advantage of favorable pricing.
for fixed maturity securities for which a decline in the fair value below the amortized cost is due to credit related factors, an allowance is established for the difference between the estimated recoverable value and amortized cost with a corresponding charge to realized losses. the allowance for credit losses is limited to the difference between amortized cost and fair value. the estimated recoverable value is the present value of cash flows expected to be collected, as determined by management. the difference between fair value and amortized cost that is not associated with credit related factors is presented in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on which an allowance for credit losses was previously recognized (a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income).
commercial and residential mortgage loans at the time of origination or purchase, an allowance for credit losses is established for mortgage and other loan receivables and is updated each reporting period. changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded in realized losses. this allowance reflects the risk of loss, even when that risk is remote, that is expected over the remaining contractual life of the loan. the allowance for credit losses considers available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. we revert to historical information when we determine that we can no longer reliably forecast future economic assumptions.
the allowances for the commercial mortgage loans and residential mortgage loans are estimated utilizing a probability of default and loss given default model. loss rate factors are determined based on historical data and adjusted for current and forecasted information. the loss rates are applied based on individual loan attributes and considering such data points as loan-to-value ratios, fair isaac corporation (fico) scores, and debt service coverage.
the estimate of credit losses also reflects management's assumptions on certain macroeconomic factors that include, but are not limited to, gross domestic product growth, employment, inflation, housing price index, interest rates and credit spreads.
for additional information on the methodology and significant inputs, by investment type, that we use to determine the amount of impairment and allowances for loan losses see the discussion in notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
legal contingencies we estimate and record a liability for potential losses that may arise from regulatory and government investigations and actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution to the extent such losses are probable and can be estimated. determining a reasonable estimate of the amount of such losses requires significant management judgment. in many cases, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early stages of litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or range of reasonably possible losses related to such matters. given the inherent unpredictability of such matters, the outcome of certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
for additional information on legal, regulatory and litigation matters see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents item 7 | critical accounting estimates fair value measurements of certain financial assets and financial liabilities assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of three levels based on the observability of inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. we classify fair value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as level 3 when they require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation. we consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability requires judgment.
for additional information about the valuation methodologies of financial instruments measured at fair value see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes deferred income taxes represent the tax effect of the differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. our assessment of net deferred income taxes represents management's best estimate of the tax consequences of various events and transactions, which can themselves be based on other accounting estimates, resulting in incremental uncertainty in the estimation process.
deferred tax asset recoverability the evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. the weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. as such, changes in tax laws in countries where we transact business can impact our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. we consider multiple factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses, foreign tax credits, realized capital loss and other carryforwards. these factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses, which incorporate forecasts of future statutory income for our insurance companies, and actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and aig-specific conditions and events. we subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. we also apply stresses to our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in performing our assessment of recoverability, we consider tax laws governing the utilization of net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction. these tax laws are subject to change, resulting in incremental uncertainty in our assessment of recoverability.
uncertain tax positions uncertain tax positions represent aig's liability for income taxes on tax years subject to review by the internal revenue service or other tax authorities. we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based on technical merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial statements. a tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. the completion of review, or the expiration of federal statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the liability for income taxes.
for a discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and other tax topics see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
other uncertainties for a discussion of other risks and uncertainties that could impact the company's results of operations or financial position, see part i, item 1a. risk factors and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
74 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | executive summary executive summary overview this overview of the md&a highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to current or potential investors in our securities. you should read this annual report in its entirety for a more detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us.
separation of life and retirement business and relationship with blackstone inc.
on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. on november 2, 2021, aig and blackstone inc. (blackstone) completed the acquisition by blackstone of a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg retirement services, inc. (safg), which is the holding company for aig's life and retirement business, for $2.2 billion in an all cash transaction, subject to adjustment if the final pro forma adjusted book value is greater or lesser than the target pro forma adjusted book value. this resulted in a $629 million decrease to aig's shareholders' equity. as part of the separation, most of aig's investment operations were transferred to safg or its subsidiaries as of december 31, 2021, and aig entered into a long-term asset management relationship with blackstone to manage an initial $50 billion of life and retirement's existing investment portfolio beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, with that amount increasing by increments of $8.5 billion per year for five years beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, for an aggregate of $92.5 billion. in addition, blackstone designated one member of the board of directors of safg, which consists of 11 directors. pursuant to the definitive agreement, blackstone will be required to hold its ownership interest in safg following the completion of the separation of the life and retirement business, subject to exceptions permitting blackstone to sell 25%, 67% and 75% of its shares after the first, second and third anniversaries, respectively, of the initial public offering of safg (the ipo), with the transfer restrictions terminating in full on the fifth anniversary of the ipo. in the event that the ipo of safg is not completed prior to november 2, 2023, blackstone will have the right to require aig to undertake the ipo, and in the event that the ipo has not been completed prior to november 2, 2024, blackstone will have the right to exchange all or a portion of its ownership interest in safg for shares of aig's common stock on the terms set forth in the definitive agreement. on november 1, 2021, safg declared a dividend payable to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion. in connection with such dividend, safg issued a promissory note to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion, which will be required to be paid to aig parent prior to the ipo of safg. as of february 16, 2022, no amounts have been paid under the promissory note. while we currently believe the ipo is the next step in the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, no assurance can be given regarding the form that future separation transactions may take or the specific terms or timing thereof, or that a separation will in fact occur. any separation transaction will be subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and approvals, including approval by the aig board of directors, receipt of insurance and other required regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the sec.
for additional information on the sale of safg to blackstone see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
on december 15, 2021, aig and blackstone real estate income trust (breit), a long-term, perpetual capital vehicle affiliated with blackstone, completed the acquisition by breit of aig's interests in a u.s. affordable housing portfolio for $4.9 billion, in an all cash transaction, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $3.0 billion. the historical results of the u.s. affordable housing portfolio were reported in our life and retirement operating segments.
sale of certain aig life and retirement retail mutual funds business on february 8, 2021, aig announced the execution of a definitive agreement with touchstone investments (touchstone), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of western & southern financial group, to sell certain assets of life and retirement's retail mutual funds business. this sale consisted of the reorganization of twelve of the retail mutual funds managed by sunamerica asset management, llc (saamco), a life and retirement entity, into certain touchstone funds and was subject to certain conditions, including approval of the fund reorganizations by the retail mutual fund boards of directors/trustees and fund shareholders. the transaction closed on july 16, 2021, at which time we received initial proceeds and the twelve retail mutual funds managed by saamco, with $6.8 billion in assets, were reorganized into touchstone funds. additional consideration may be earned over a three-year period based on asset levels in certain reorganized funds. six retail mutual funds managed by saamco and not included in the transaction were liquidated. we will retain our fund management platform and capabilities dedicated to our variable annuity insurance products.
table of contents item 7 | executive summary sale of fortitude holdings on june 2, 2020, we completed the sale of a majority of the interests in fortitude group holdings, llc (fortitude holdings) to carlyle frl, l.p. (carlyle frl), an investment fund advised by an affiliate of the carlyle group inc. (carlyle), and t&d united capital co., ltd. (t&d), a subsidiary of t&d holdings, inc., under the terms of a membership interest purchase agreement entered into on november 25, 2019 (the purchase agreement) by and among aig, fortitude holdings, carlyle frl, carlyle, t&d and t&d holdings, inc. (the majority interest fortitude sale). aig established fortitude re, a wholly owned subsidiary of fortitude holdings, in 2018 in a series of reinsurance transactions related to aig's run-off operations. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $29.6 billion of reserves from aig's life and retirement run-off lines and approximately $3.8 billion of reserves from aig's general insurance run-off lines, related to business written by multiple wholly-owned aig subsidiaries, had been ceded to fortitude re under these reinsurance transactions. as of closing of the majority interest fortitude sale, these reinsurance transactions are no longer considered affiliated transactions and fortitude re is the reinsurer of the majority of aig's run-off operations. as these reinsurance transactions are structured as modified coinsurance and loss portfolio transfers with funds withheld, following the closing of the majority interest fortitude sale, aig continues to reflect the invested assets, which consist mostly of available for sale securities, supporting fortitude re's obligations, in aig's financial statements.
aig sold a 19.9 percent ownership interest in fortitude holdings to tc group cayman investments holdings, l.p., an affiliate of carlyle, in november 2018. as a result of completion of the majority interest fortitude sale, carlyle frl purchased from aig a 51.6 percent ownership interest in fortitude holdings and t&d purchased from aig a 25 percent ownership interest in fortitude holdings; aig retained a 3.5 percent ownership interest in fortitude holdings and one seat on its board of managers. the $2.2 billion of proceeds received by aig at closing included (i) the $1.8 billion under the majority interest fortitude sale, subject to a post-closing purchase price adjustment pursuant to which aig would pay fortitude re for certain adverse development in property casualty related reserves, based on an agreed methodology, that may occur through december 31, 2023, up to a maximum payment of $500 million; and (ii) a $383 million purchase price adjustment from carlyle frl and t&d, corresponding to their respective portions of a proposed $500 million non-pro rata distribution from fortitude holdings that was not received by aig prior to the closing. effective in the second quarter of 2021, aig, fortitude holdings, carlyle frl, t&d and carlyle amended the purchase agreement to finalize the post-closing purchase price adjustment for adverse reserve development. as a result of this amendment, during 2021, aig recorded a $21 million benefit through policyholder benefits and losses incurred and eliminated further net exposure to adverse development on the reserves ceded to fortitude re.
for additional information on the sale of fortitude holdings see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
76 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | executive summary financial performance summary for information regarding aig's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019 see part ii, item 7. md&a - executive summary - financial performance summary of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 (2020 annual report).
the recognition of a $3.0 billion gain on the closing of the sale of the affordable housing portfolio in 2021 and a $102 million gain from the sale of certain assets of the retail mutual funds business to touchstone in 2021, compared to an $8.3 billion loss on the closing of the majority interest fortitude sale in 2020;
net realized gain on fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative increased ($2.0 billion) compared to a loss in 2020 and higher net realized gains on fortitude re funds withheld assets ($540 million);
higher net realized gains excluding fortitude re funds withheld assets and embedded derivatives of $1.8 billion, driven by a $1.1 billion increase in gains on global real estate and other assets, a $646 million increase on derivative and hedge activity partially offset by losses on variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of hedging, as well as favorable movement in the allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities and loans ($557 million), partially offset by losses on foreign exchange ($349 million);
higher underwriting income in general insurance ($2.1 billion) from higher net premium marked by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business growth, with continued attritional loss ratio improvement as well as lower catastrophe losses, net of reinstatement premiums ($1.1 billion) and improved prior year reserve development ($125 million); 
$981 million higher net investment income, or $63 million excluding fortitude re funds withheld assets, with higher returns in our investment portfolio primarily due to alternative investments, an increase which was driven by positive returns achieved in equity markets, partially offset by declines in fair value of equity securities; and
prior period having included the results of fortitude re, a loss of $233 million, up through the majority interest fortitude sale on june 2, 2020.the $3.6 billion increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to higher income from continuing operations and $1.7 billion attributable to the tax benefit on the deconsolidation of fortitude holdings in 2020.for additional information see consolidated results of operations.
table of contents item 7 | executive summary adjusted pre-tax income (loss)*(in millions)
higher underwriting income in general insurance ($2.1 billion) from higher net premium marked by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business growth, with continued attritional loss ratio improvement as well as lower catastrophe losses, net of reinstatement premiums ($1.1 billion) and improved prior year development ($125 million); and
general operating and other expenses increased $394 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increases in professional fees inclusive of transaction costs, performance-based employee costs and other acquisition expenses.general operating and other expenses for 2021 and 2020 included approximately $433 million and $435 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring and other costs which were primarily comprised of employee severance charges and other costs related to organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.
78 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | executive summary aig's outlook - industry and economic factors our business is affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market and political conditions. we continued to operate under challenging market conditions in 2021, characterized by factors such as the impact of covid-19 and the related governmental and societal responses, interest rate volatility, inflationary pressures, an uneven global economic recovery and global trade tensions. responses by central banks and monetary authorities with respect to inflation, growth concerns and other macroeconomic factors have also affected global exchange rates and volatility.
we are continually assessing the impact on our business, operations and investments of covid-19 and the resulting ongoing economic and societal disruption. these impacts initially included a global economic contraction, disruptions in financial markets, increased market volatility and declines in certain equity and other asset prices that had negative effects on our investments, our access to liquidity, our ability to generate new sales and the costs associated with claims. while global financial markets recovered in 2021, there remains a risk that the disruptions previously experienced could return and new ones emerge as covid-19 persists or new variants continue to arise. in addition, in response to the pandemic, new governmental, legislative and regulatory actions have been taken and continue to be developed that have resulted and could continue to result in additional restrictions and requirements, or court decisions rendered, relating to or otherwise affecting our policies that may have a negative impact on our business, operations and capital.
general insurance offers numerous products for which we are monitoring claims activity and assessing adverse impact on future new and renewal business in relation to the covid-19 pandemic. we are continually reassessing our exposures in light of unfolding developments in the u.s. and globally and evaluating coverage by our reinsurance arrangements.
in our life and retirement business, the most significant impacts relating to covid-19 have been the impact of interest rate and equity market levels on spread and fee income, deferred acquisition cost amortization and adverse mortality. we are actively monitoring the mortality rates and the potential direct and indirect impacts that covid-19 may have across our portfolio of life and retirement businesses.
we have a diverse investment portfolio with material exposures to various forms of credit risk. the far-reaching economic impacts of covid-19 have been largely offset, to date, by intervention taken by governments and monetary authorities and equity market rebound resulting in a minimal impact on the value of the portfolio. at this point in time, uncertainty surrounding the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic makes the long-term financial impact difficult to quantify.
for additional information please see part i, item 1a. risk factors - market conditions - covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted.
impact of changes in the interest rate environment key u.s. benchmark rates have been volatile in 2021 as investors form opinions over elevated inflation measures. while key rates have recently increased, they are still historically low. the low interest rate environment negatively affects sales of interest rate sensitive products in our industry and negatively impacts the profitability of our existing business as we reinvest cash flows from investments, including increased calls and prepayments of fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, at rates below the average yield of our existing portfolios. we actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. we may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. a low interest rate environment could also impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving of our products at the time they were sold and issued.
additionally, sustained low interest rates may result in higher pension expense due to the impact on discounting of projected benefit cash flows.
table of contents item 7 | executive summary annuity sales and surrenders the sustained low interest rate environment has a significant impact on the annuity industry. low long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns, which may negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate products. however, our disciplined pricing has helped to mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads. rapidly rising interest rates could create the potential for increased sales, but may also drive higher surrenders. fixed annuities have surrender charge periods, generally in the three-to-seven year range, and within our group retirement segment, certain of our fixed investment options are subject to other withdrawal restrictions, which may help mitigate increased early surrenders in a rising rate environment. in addition, older contracts that have higher minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive to contract holders have driven better than expected persistency in fixed annuities, although the reserves for such contracts have continued to decrease over time in amount and as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio. we closely monitor surrenders of fixed annuities as contracts with lower minimum interest rates come out of the surrender charge period. changes in interest rates significantly impact the valuation of our liabilities for annuities with guaranteed living benefit features and the value of the related hedging portfolio.
reinvestment and spread management we actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the yield curve. we also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business. business strategies continue to evolve to maintain profitability of the overall business in light of the interest rate environment. a low interest rate environment puts margin pressure on pricing of new business and on existing products, due to the challenge of investing new money or recurring premiums and deposits, and reinvesting investment portfolio cash flows, in the low interest rate environment. in addition, there is investment risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in-force business. specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities.
the contractual provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting rates included in our products has reduced spreads in a sustained low interest rate environment and thus reduces future profitability.
for additional information on our investment and asset-liability management strategies see investments.
for investment-oriented products, including universal life insurance, and variable, fixed and fixed index annuities, in our individual retirement, group retirement, life insurance and institutional markets businesses, our spread management strategies include disciplined pricing and product design for new business, modifying or limiting the sale of products that do not achieve targeted spreads, using asset-liability management to match assets to liabilities to the extent practicable, and actively managing crediting rates to help mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads. renewal crediting rate management is done under contractual provisions that were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. we expect to continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business to mitigate the pressure on spreads from declining base yields, but our ability to lower crediting rates may be limited by the competitive environment, contractual minimum crediting rates, and provisions that allow rates to be reset only at pre-established intervals. if and as interest rates rise, we may need to raise crediting rates on in-force business for competitive and other reasons, potentially offsetting a portion of the additional investment income resulting from investing in a higher interest rate environment.
of the aggregate fixed account values of our individual retirement and group retirement annuity products, 68 percent were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at december 31, 2021. the percentage of fixed account values of our annuity products that are currently crediting at rates above one percent were 58 percent and 59 percent at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. these businesses continue to focus on pricing discipline and strategies to manage the minimum guaranteed interest crediting rates offered on new sales in the context of regulatory requirements and competitive positioning. in the universal life products in our life insurance business, 67 percent of the account values were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at december 31, 2021.
80 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | executive summary the following table presents fixed annuity and universal life account values of our individual retirement, group retirement and life insurance operating segments by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates, excluding balances ceded to fortitude re:
current crediting rates
* individual retirement and group retirement amounts shown include fixed options within variable annuity products.
table of contents item 7 | executive summary general insurance the impact of low interest rates on our general insurance segment reduces the benefit of investment income in our pricing. this leads to stronger requirements for underwriting profitability in all of our portfolios, particularly those for long-tail casualty business.
although investing at lower interest rates puts pressure on our ability to adjust pricing to achieve profitability objectives, market conditions have been conducive to achieving our pricing targets. the pressure on pricing does not necessarily ease as interest rates rise, as the changes in interest rates are a lagging response to economic conditions of unemployment and inflation. we monitor these trends closely, particularly loss cost trend uncertainty, to ensure that not only our pricing, but also our loss reserving, assumptions are proactive to, and considerate of, current and future economic conditions.
for our general insurance segment loss reserves, sustained low interest rates may unfavorably affect the statutory net loss reserve discount for workers' compensation and its associated amortization.
impact of currency volatility currency volatility remains acute. this volatility affected income for those businesses with substantial international operations. in particular, growth trends in net premiums written reported in u.s. dollars can differ significantly from those measured in original currencies. the net effect on underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and expenses are similarly affected.
these currencies may continue to fluctuate, in either direction, especially as a result of central bank responses to inflation, concerns regarding future economic growth and other macroeconomic factors, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums written growth trends reported in u.s. dollars, as well as financial statement line item comparability.
unless otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the general insurance discussion of results of operations are with respect to movements in the major currencies included in the preceding table.
82 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | consolidated results of operations consolidated results of operations the following section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended december 31, 2021. factors that relate primarily to a specific business are discussed in more detail within the business segment operations section.
for information regarding the critical accounting estimates that affect our results of operations see critical accounting estimates. for information regarding aig's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 and the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019 see part ii, item 7. md&a - consolidated results of operations of our 2020 annual report.
net investment income - excluding fortitude re funds withheld assets                                               12,641           12,578         14,619                   1                   (14)
net investment income - fortitude re funds withheld assets                                                         1,971            1,053              -                  87                     nm total net investment income                                   14,612           13,631         14,619                   7                    (7)
net realized gains (losses) - excluding fortitude re funds withheld assets and embedded derivative                  1,751             (56)            632                  nm                     nm net realized gains on fortitude re funds withheld assets                                                1,003              463              -                 117                     nm net realized losses on fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative                                   (603)          (2,645)              -                  77                     nm total net realized gains (losses)                              2,151          (2,238)            632                  nm                     nm other income                                                     984              903            919                   9                    (2)
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                     24,388           24,806         25,402                 (2)                    (2)
interest credited to policyholder account balances             3,557            3,622          3,832                 (2)                    (5)
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              4,573            4,211          5,164                   9                   (18)
net (gain) loss on divestitures                              (3,044)            8,525             75                  nm                     nm total benefits, losses and expenses                           39,958           51,029         44,459                (22)   15
income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit)                                  12,099          (7,293)          5,287                  nm                     nm current                                                         (45)              217            545                  nm                   (60)
deferred                                                       2,221          (1,677)            621                  nm                     nm income tax expense (benefit)                                   2,176          (1,460)          1,166                  nm                     nm income (loss) from continuing operations                       9,923          (5,833)          4,121                  nm                     nm income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes                                                              -                4             48                  nm                   (92)
table of contents item 7 | consolidated results of operations years ended december 31,                                                         2021                  2020                      2019
return on common equity                                                          14.5   %             (9.4)   %                   5.3   %
adjusted return on common equity                                                  8.6   %               4.4   %                   8.3   %
debt of consolidated investment entities                                                              6,422                     9,431
total aig shareholders' equity                                                                       65,956                    66,362
the following table presents a reconciliation of book value per common share to adjusted book value per common share, which is a non-gaap measure. for additional information see use of non-gaap measures.
total aig shareholders' equity                                $65,956        $66,362        $65,675
preferred equity                                                  485            485            485
total aig common shareholders' equity                          65,471         65,877         65,190
add: cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets                              2,791          4,657              -
adjusted common shareholders' equity                          $56,354        $49,116        $51,231
the following table presents a reconciliation of return on common equity to adjusted return on common equity, which is a non-gaap measure. for additional information see use of non-gaap measures.
average aig common shareholders' equity                              $64,704            $63,225           $62,205
add: average cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets                                     3,200              2,653                 -
average adjusted aig common shareholders' equity                     $51,783            $49,912           $49,339
return on common equity                                                 14.5   %          (9.4)   %           5.3   %
adjusted return on common equity                                         8.6   %            4.4   %           8.3   %
84 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | consolidated results of operations the following table presents a reconciliation of revenues to adjusted revenues:
changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits            (60)            (56)         (228)
changes in the fair value of equity securities                                           237           (200)         (158)
net investment income on fortitude re funds withheld assets                          (1,971)         (1,053)             -
net realized gains on fortitude re funds withheld assets                             (1,003)           (463)             -
net realized losses on fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative                   603           2,645             -
non-operating litigation reserves and settlements                                          -            (23)           (9)
* includes all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication and net realized gains and losses on fortitude re funds withheld assets.
(benefit)   controlling               after                          (benefit)   controlling              after                      (benefit)   controlling             after
changes in uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments(a)                                                                  998            -                (998)                                132            -               (132)                           (30)            -                 30
changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits                                      (61)           (13)            -                 (48)                (41)            (9)            -                (32)            (194)          (40)            -              (154)
changes in benefit reserves and dac, voba and dsi related to net realized gains (losses)                        52             11            -                   41                (12)            (3)            -                 (9)             (56)          (12)            -               (44)
changes in the fair value of equity securities                   237             49            -                  188               (200)           (42)            -               (158)            (158)          (33)            -              (125)
net investment income on fortitude re funds withheld assets                                                       (1,971)          (414)            -              (1,557)             (1,053)          (221)            -               (832)                -             -            -                  -
net realized gains on fortitude re funds withheld assets                                              (1,003)          (211)            -                (792)               (463)           (98)            -               (365)                -             -            -                  -
net realized losses on fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative                                              603            126            -                  477               2,645            555            -               2,090                -             -            -                  -
net (gain) loss on divestitures                              (3,044)          (650)            -              (2,394)               8,525          1,610            -               6,915               75             9            -                 66
non-operating litigation reserves and settlements                  3                           -                                     (21)            (4)            -                (17)              (2)             -            -                (2)
net loss reserve discount (benefit) charge                     (193)           (40)            -                (153)                 516            109            -                 407              955           201            -                754
integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses                                 83             18            -                   65                  12              3            -                   9               24             5            -                 19
(a) the years ended december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020 include the completion of audit activity by the internal revenue service (irs). the year ended december 31, 2020 also includes the write-down of net operating loss deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions, which is offset by valuation allowance release.
table of contents item 7 | consolidated results of operations
(c) includes all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication and net realized gains and losses on fortitude re funds withheld assets.
(d) for the year ended december 31, 2021, noncontrolling interests include realized non-operating gains on consolidated investment entities. prior to june 2, 2020, noncontrolling interests was primarily due to the 19.9 percent investment in fortitude holdings by an affiliate of carlyle, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018. carlyle was allocated 19.9 percent of fortitude holdings' standalone financial results through the june 2, 2020 closing date of the majority interest fortitude sale. fortitude holdings' results were mostly eliminated in aig's consolidated income from continuing operations given that its results arose from intercompany transactions. noncontrolling interests was calculated based on the standalone financial results of fortitude holdings. the most significant component of fortitude holdings' standalone results was the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives which changes with movements in interest rates and credit spreads, and which was recorded in net realized gains and losses of fortitude holdings. in accordance with aig's adjusted after-tax income definition, realized gains and losses are excluded from noncontrolling interests. subsequent to the majority interest fortitude sale, aig owns 3.5 percent of fortitude holdings and no longer consolidates fortitude holdings in its financial statements as of such date. the noncontrolling interest in fortitude holdings is carried at cost within aig's other invested assets, which was $100 million as of december 31, 2021.
fortitude holdings' summarized financial information (standalone results), prior to the majority interest fortitude sale on june 2, 2020 is presented below:
fortitude      aig noncontrolling         fortitude      aig noncontrolling
taxes (benefit) expense                                      (10)                     (2)                98                      20
u.s. tax law changes the irs has continued to issue new guidance in relation to the tax act enacted in 2017. guidance has been issued covering provisions for global intangible low-taxed income (gilti) under which taxes are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries, foreign tax credits by which the u.s. mitigates double taxation of foreign operations, and other elements of tax law. changes to this guidance, and other provisions of tax law, are expected in future periods. such guidance may result in changes to the interpretations and assumptions we made and actions we may take, which may impact amounts recorded with respect to international provisions of the tax act, possibly materially. consistent with accounting guidance, we have made an accounting policy election to treat gilti taxes as a period tax charge in the period the tax is incurred.
on march 27, 2020, the u.s. enacted the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act to mitigate the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. the tax provisions of the cares act have not had and are currently not expected to have a material impact on aig's u.s. federal tax liabilities.
on november 15, 2021, the u.s. enacted the infrastructure investment and jobs act to improve infrastructure in the u.s. the tax provisions of the infrastructure investment and jobs act have not had and are currently not expected to have a material impact on aig's u.s. federal tax liabilities.
repatriation assumptions for 2021, we consider our foreign earnings with respect to certain operations in canada, south africa, japan, latin america, bermuda as well as the european, asia pacific and middle east regions to be indefinitely reinvested. these earnings relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active business operations. deferred taxes, if necessary, have been provided on earnings of non-u.s. affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested.
86 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | consolidated results of operations income tax expense analysis for the year ended december 31, 2021, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations was 18.0 percent. the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 21 percent primarily due to:
 tax benefits of:
- $935 million associated with the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions, penalties and interest related to the recent completion of audit activity by the irs, as well as release of reserves for uncertain tax positions and interest related to a new york state tax settlement based on the completion of recent audit activity,
- $109 million of reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities,
- $55 million associated with tax exempt income;
- $700 million associated with the establishment of u.s. federal valuation allowance related to certain tax attribute carryforwards,
- $134 million associated with the effect of foreign operations, and
- $186 million related to tax effects of the majority interest fortitude sale,
- $150 million associated with the establishment of u.s. federal valuation allowance related to certain tax attribute carryforwards,
- $165 million net charge associated with changes in uncertain tax positions primarily driven by the accrual of irs interest,
- $76 million associated with the effect of foreign operations, and
 partially offset by tax benefits of:
- $379 million associated with the remeasurement of tax liabilities, penalties and interest primarily related to the irs audit settlement for tax years 1991-2006,
- $101 million of reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of available for sale securities, and
- $58 million associated with tax exempt income.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations business segment operations our business operations consist of general insurance, life and retirement and other operations.
general insurance consists of two operating segments: north america and international. life and retirement consists of four operating segments: individual retirement, group retirement, life insurance and institutional markets. other operations is primarily comprised of corporate, our institutional asset management business and consolidation and eliminations.
on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. for further discussion on the separation of life and retirement see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
for information regarding aig's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019 see part ii, item 7. md&a - business segment operations of our 2020 annual report.
general insurance north america - underwriting loss                                $(47)         $(1,301)          $(365)
international - underwriting income                              1,102              277             454
institutional markets                                              582              438             308
88 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance general insurance
general insurance is managed by our geographic markets of north america and international. our global presence is reflected in our multinational capabilities to provide our commercial lines and personal insurance products within these geographic markets.
liability: products include general liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, excess casualty and crisis management insurance products. casualty also includes risk-sharing and other customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational customers.financial lines: products include professional liability insurance for a range of businesses and risks, including directors and officers, mergers and acquisitions, fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance.property: products include commercial and industrial property as well as package insurance products and services that cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters, including business interruption.global specialty: products include aero, political risk, trade credit, portfolio solutions, energy-related property insurance products and marine.crop risk services: products include hailstorm and multi-peril insurance.personal lines: products include personal auto and property in selected markets and insurance for high net-worth individuals offered through aig's private client group (pcg) in the u.s. that covers auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections. in addition, we offer extended warranty insurance and services covering electronics, appliances, and hvac.accident &amp; health: products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and other organizations, as well as a broad range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and business travelers.
general insurance products in north america and international markets are distributed through various channels, including captive and independent agents, brokers, affinity partners, airlines and travel agents, and retailers. our global platform enables writing multi-national and cross-border risks in both commercial lines and personal insurance.
business strategy profitable growth: deploy capital efficiently to act opportunistically and optimize diversity within the portfolio to grow in profitable lines, geographies and customer segments, while taking a disciplined approach in managing exposures to those where terms and conditions meet our risk/return appetite. look to inorganic growth opportunities in profitable markets and segments to expand our capabilities and footprint.
reinsurance optimization: strategically partner with reinsurers to effectively manage exposure to losses arising from frequency of large catastrophic events and severity from individual risk losses. we strive to optimize our reinsurance program to manage volatility and protect the balance sheet from tail events and unpredictable net losses in support of our profitable growth objectives.
underwriting excellence: empower and increase accountability of the underwriter and continue to integrate underwriting, claims and actuarial to enable better decision making. focus on enhancing risk selection, driving consistent underwriting best practices and building robust monitoring standards to improve underwriting results.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance competition and challenges operating in a highly competitive industry, general insurance competes against several hundred companies, specialty insurance organizations and other underwriting organizations in the u.s. in international markets, we compete against foreign insurance operations of large global insurance groups and local companies in specific market areas and product types. insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, service and terms and conditions. general insurance seeks to distinguish itself in the insurance industry primarily based on its well-established brand, global franchise, multinational capabilities, financial and capital strength, innovative products, claims handling expertise, expertise in providing specialized coverages and customer service.
we serve our business and individual customers on a global basis - from the largest multinational corporations to local businesses and individuals. our clients benefit from our substantial underwriting expertise.
 over-capacity in certain lines of business that creates downward market pressure on pricing;
 tort environment volatility in certain jurisdictions and lines of business; and
 volatility in claims arising from natural and man-made catastrophes, including public health events, such as the covid-19 pandemic.
the worldwide health and economic impact of covid-19 continues to evolve, influenced by the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic as well as the actions of governments, judiciaries, legislative bodies, regulators and other third parties in response, all of which are subject to continuing uncertainty. while production in certain lines of business continues to remain near or below pre-covid-19 levels, the global economic recovery, although uneven, is having a positive impact on consumer and business demand across our commercial lines and personal insurance businesses. the overall results of general insurance for 2021 reflect continued strong performance from our commercial lines portfolio and positive momentum within personal insurance. across our north america and international commercial lines of business we have seen increased demand for our insurance products with improvement in rates as well as terms and conditions. we continue to monitor inflationary impacts resulting from government stimulus, sharp increases in demand, labor force and supply chain disruptions, among other factors, on rate adequacy and loss cost trends. the ultimate impact of covid-19 on our business will likely be influenced by the evolution of the virus and its potential to further impact the global economy.
general insurance - north america the north america business remains in a firm market with common drivers being higher industry-wide claims severity trends driven by social and economic inflation, higher natural catastrophe losses over recent years driven by increasing loss frequency and severity (in part connected to climate change), the uncertain impact of covid-19 and the low interest rate environment. while market discipline continues to support price increases across most lines (outside of workers' compensation), we are seeing capacity move back into the market in certain segments given the improved pricing levels. we have focused on retaining our best accounts which has led to improving retention across the portfolio. these retention rates are often coupled with an exposure limit management strategy to reduce volatility within the portfolio. we continue to proactively identify segment growth areas as market conditions warrant through effective portfolio management, while non-renewing unprofitable business.
during the first quarter of 2021, aig amended a distribution agreement with one of its largest travel insurance distributors. following the effectiveness of the amendments, the revised agreement no longer represents a risk transfer transaction and as such is accounted for under deposit accounting.
90 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance general insurance - international we believe our global presence provides commercial lines and personal insurance a competitive advantage, as the demand for multinational cross-border coverage and services increases due to the growing number of international customers, while giving us the ability to respond quickly to local market conditions and build client relationships.
we are continuing to pursue growth in our most profitable lines of business and diversify our portfolio across all regions by expanding key business lines (i.e. financial lines and accident & health) while remaining a market leader in key developed and developing markets. overall, commercial lines continue to show positive rate increases, particularly in our global specialty, financial lines and property portfolio and across international markets where market events or withdrawal of capability and capacity have favorably impacted pricing. we are maintaining our underwriting discipline, reducing gross and net limits, increasing use of reinsurance to reduce volatility, as well as continuing our risk selection strategy to improve profitability.
personal insurance focuses on individual customers, as well as group and corporate clients. although market competition within personal insurance has increased, we continue to benefit from the underwriting quality, portfolio diversity, and generally low volatility of the short-tailed risk in these business lines, although some product classes are exposed to catastrophe losses.
underwriting results:
net premiums written                                     $25,890         $22,959        $25,092                  13   %             (9)   %
acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs          3,530           3,538          4,482                   -                (21)
other acquisition expenses                                 1,373           1,283          1,292                                     (1)
total acquisition expenses                                 4,903           4,821          5,774                   2                (17)
underwriting income (loss)                                 1,055         (1,024)             89                  nm                  nm net investment income                                      3,304           2,925          3,444                  13                (15)
acquisition ratio                                             19.6          20.4         21.8       (0.8)       (1.4)
(a) consistent with our definition of apti, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance the following table presents general insurance net premiums written by operating segment, showing change on both reported and constant dollar basis:
total net premiums written                 $25,890        $22,959        $25,092                  13       %             (9)   %                      11       %             (9)   %
(b) geography: north america primarily includes insurance businesses in the united states, canada and bermuda, and our global reinsurance business, aig re. international includes regional insurance businesses in japan, the united kingdom, europe, middle east and africa (emea region), asia pacific, latin america and caribbean, and china. international also includes the results of talbot holdings, ltd. as well as aig's global specialty business.
92 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance north america results years ended december 31,                                                                                 change
underwriting results:
net premiums written                                     $11,733          $9,784        $11,490                  20   %            (15)   %
acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs          1,333           1,365          1,923                 (2)                (29)
other acquisition expenses                                   440             359            478                  23                (25)
total acquisition expenses                                 1,773           1,724          2,401                   3                (28)
underwriting loss                                          $(47)        $(1,301)         $(365)                  96   %           (256)   %
acquisition ratio                                             16.1          16.7         19.8        (0.6)        (3.1)
(a) consistent with our definition of apti, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain.
business and financial highlights the north america general insurance business continues to make progress in strengthening our underwriting, actively managing our portfolio to improve business mix and articulating our revised risk appetite to the marketplace. we are at the forefront of the industry across multiple lines in terms of driving rate momentum while simultaneously increasing the level of business retained in targeted lines. as we see disruption in the marketplace, we are well placed to capitalize on opportunities.
during the second quarter of 2020, aig entered into a series of quota share reinsurance agreements, including with lloyd's syndicate 2019, a lloyd's syndicate managed by talbot underwriting ltd., and with pcg 2019 corporate member ltd., both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of aig, to cede pcg business written by our general insurance operations to third parties. overall, these ceded reinsurance transactions, accounted for under asc 944 financial services - insurance, further aig's continued optimization of its general insurance portfolio, create additional products for clients and diversify aig's capital base. we consolidate our interest in lloyd's syndicate 2019 and account for the reinsurance transactions in a manner consistent with other third-party reinsurance arrangements.
underwriting losses decreased in 2021 compared to the prior year by $1.3 billion primarily due to significantly lower catastrophe losses, improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, higher net favorable prior year reserve development and a lower expense ratio.
net premiums written increased in 2021 compared to the prior year by $1.9 billion primarily due to growth in commercial lines driven by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions, strong new business production and lower ceded premiums driven by 2020 quota share reinsurance agreements. while net premiums written increased across most commercial lines, the increase was particularly strong within our aig re, casualty, financial lines and property businesses. in personal lines, our travel business benefitted from increased consumer spending, while our warranty business saw growth in new and existing programs.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance for information regarding reinsurance activities see enterprise risk management.
north america net premiums written(in millions)
2021 and 2020 comparisonnet premiums written increased by $1.9 billion primarily due to:•
growth in commercial lines ($1.6 billion), particularly within our aig re, casualty, financial lines, and property businesses, driven by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business production; •
increased pcg net premiums written resulting from changes in our reinsurance program ($223 million); and •
growth in personal lines in our travel business driven by increased consumer spending, as well as growth in new and existing programs within our warranty business.
north america underwriting income (loss)(in millions)
2021 and 2020 comparisonunderwriting loss decreased by $1.3 billion primarily due to:•
higher premium with improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted (3.3 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix along with strong rate improvement, focused risk selection and improved terms and conditions;•
lower expense ratio of 1.6 points reflecting a lower acquisition ratio (0.6 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix including the impact of covid-19 most notably in travel, changes in 2021 commercial lines reinsurance program and a lower general operating expense ratio (1.0 points) resulting from continued general expense discipline as we grow the portfolio; and•
94 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance north america combined ratios
higher premium with improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted (3.3 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix along with strong rate improvement, focused risk selection and improved terms and conditions.the decrease in the expense ratio of 1.6 points reflected a lower acquisition ratio (0.6 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix including the impact of covid-19 most notably in travel, changes in 2021 commercial lines reinsurance program and a lower general operating expense ratio (1.0 points) resulting from continued general expense discipline as we grow the portfolio.
underwriting results:
net premiums written                                     $14,157        $13,175        $13,602                   7   %             (3)   %
acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs          2,197          2,173          2,559                   1                (15)
other acquisition expenses                                   933            924            814                   1                  14
total acquisition expenses                                 3,130          3,097          3,373                   1                 (8)
underwriting income                                       $1,102           $277           $454                 298   %            (39)   %
acquisition ratio                                             22.2         23.2         23.6       (1.0)       (0.4)
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance business and financial highlights the international general insurance business is focused on underwriting profits, driving operational efficiency and growing profitably in businesses and geographies that support our growth strategy.
underwriting income increased in 2021 compared to the prior year by $825 million primarily due to significantly lower catastrophe losses, net favorable prior year reserve development compared to net adverse prior year reserve development in 2020 and a lower expense ratio.
net premiums written, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, increased in 2021 compared to the prior year by $646 million primarily due to growth across most commercial lines, in particular financial lines, global specialty and property driven by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business production, partially offset by lower production across most lines within personal insurance due to the impact of covid-19, as well as underwriting actions taken to strengthen our portfolio and maintain pricing discipline.
for a discussion of reinsurance activities see enterprise risk management.
international net premiums written(in millions)
2021 and 2020 comparison net premiums written, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, increased by $646 million due to:
strong growth across commercial lines ($898 million), notably in financial lines, global specialty and property driven by strong rate improvement, higher renewal retentions and strong new business production.these increases were partially offset by lower production in personal insurance ($252 million) due to the impact of covid-19, as well as underwriting actions taken to strengthen our portfolio and maintain pricing discipline.
international underwriting income (loss)(in millions)
2021 and 2020 comparison underwriting income increased by $825 million primarily due to:
lower expense ratio 1.9 points reflected a lower acquisition ratio (1.0 points) primarily driven by lower acquisition expenses, changes in 2021 commercial lines reinsurance program and changes in business mix, as well as a lower general operating expense ratio (0.9 points), which reflects continued general expense discipline as we grow the portfolio; and
96 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | general insurance international combined ratios
lower acquisition ratio (1.0 points) primarily driven by lower acquisition expenses, changes in 2021 commercial lines reinsurance program and changes in business mix; and•
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement life and retirement
life and retirement consists of four operating segments: individual retirement, group retirement, life insurance and institutional markets. we offer a broad portfolio of products in the u.s. through a multichannel distribution network and life and health products in the uk and ireland.
variable annuities: products include variable annuities that offer a combination of growth potential, death benefit features and income protection features. variable annuities are distributed primarily through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent broker-dealers.index annuities: products include fixed index annuities that provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index as well as optional living guaranteed features that provide lifetime income protection. fixed index annuities are distributed primarily through banks, broker-dealers, independent marketing organizations and independent insurance agents.fixed annuities: products include single premium fixed annuities, immediate annuities and deferred income annuities. certain fixed deferred annuity products offer optional income protection features. the fixed annuities product line maintains an industry-leading position in the u.s. bank distribution channel by designing products collaboratively with banks and offering an efficient and flexible administration platform.retail mutual funds: includes our mutual fund offerings and related administration and servicing operations. retail mutual funds are distributed primarily through broker-dealers. on july 16, 2021, the company sold certain assets of the aig retail mutual funds business. for further details on the sale of certain assets of the retail mutual funds business, see executive summary - overview.
group retirement: products and services consist of record-keeping, plan administrative and compliance services, financial planning and advisory solutions offered to employer defined contribution plans and their participants, along with proprietary and non-proprietary annuities and advisory and brokerage products offered outside of plans.aig retirement services offers its products and services through the variable annuity life insurance company and its subsidiaries, valic financial advisors, inc. and valic retirement services company.aig retirement services career financial advisors serve individual clients, including in-plan enrollment support and education, and comprehensive financial planning services.
institutional markets: products primarily include stable value wrap products, structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities (direct and assumed reinsurance), corporate- and bank-owned life insurance, high net worth products and guaranteed investment contracts (gics). institutional markets products are primarily distributed through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement brokers.
98 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement fhlb funding agreements are issued through our individual retirement, group retirement and institutional markets operating segments. funding agreements are issued by our u.s. life and retirement companies to fhlbs in their respective districts at fixed or floating rates over specified periods, which can be prepaid at our discretion. proceeds are generally invested in fixed income securities and other suitable investments to generate spread income. these investment contracts do not have mortality or morbidity risk and are similar to gics.
business strategy deliver client-centric solutions through our unique franchise by bringing together a broad portfolio of life insurance, retirement and institutional products offered through an extensive, multichannel distribution network. life and retirement focuses on ease of doing business, offering valuable solutions, and expanding and deepening its distribution relationships across multiple channels.
position market leading businesses to serve growing needs by continually enhancing product solutions, service delivery and digital capabilities while using data and analytics in an innovative manner to improve customer experience.
individual retirement will continue to capitalize on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income by maintaining innovative variable and index annuity products, while also managing risk from guarantee features through risk-mitigating product design and well-developed economic hedging capabilities.our fixed annuity products provide diversity in our annuity product suite by offering stable returns for retirement savings.                                                               group retirement continues to enhance its technology platform to improve the customer experience for plan sponsors and individual participants. aig retirement services' self-service tools paired with its career financial advisors provide a compelling service platform. group retirement's strategy also involves providing financial planning services for its clients and meeting their need for income in retirement. in this advisory role, group retirement's clients may invest in assets in which aig or a third-party is custodian.
life insurance in the u.s. will continue to position itself for growth and changing market dynamics while continuing to execute strategies to enhance returns. our focus is on materializing success from a multi-year effort of building state-of-the-art platforms and underwriting innovations, which are expected to bring process improvements and cost efficiencies.in the uk, aig life insurance will continue to focus on growing the business organically and through potential acquisition opportunities.   institutional markets continues to grow its assets under management across multiple product lines, including stable value wrap, gics and pension risk transfer annuities. our growth strategy is opportunistic and allows us to pursue select transactions that meet our risk-adjusted return requirements.
enhance operational effectiveness by simplifying processes and operating environments to increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. we continue to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our distribution partners and customers. we believe that simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable growth.
manage our balance sheet through a rigorous approach to our products and portfolio. we match our product design and high-quality investments with our asset and liability exposures to support our cash and liquidity needs under various operating scenarios.
deliver value creation and manage capital by striving to deliver solid earnings and returns on capital through disciplined pricing, sustainable underwriting improvements, expense efficiency, and diversification of risk, while optimizing capital allocation and efficiency within insurance entities to enhance return on common equity.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement competition and challenges life and retirement operates in the highly competitive insurance and financial services industry in the u.s. and select international markets, competing against various financial services companies, including banks and other life insurance and mutual fund companies. competition is primarily based on product pricing and design, distribution, financial strength, customer service and ease of doing business.
our business remains competitive due to its long-standing market leading positions, innovative products, distribution relationships across multiple channels, customer-focused service and strong financial ratings.
 a low interest rate environment and recent inflationary pressures, which makes it difficult to profitably price new products and puts margin pressure on existing business due to lower reinvestment yields;
 increased competition in our primary markets, including aggressive pricing of annuities by competitors, increased competition and consolidation of employer groups in the group retirement planning market, and competitors with different profitability targets in the pension risk transfer space as well as other product lines;
 upgrading our technology and underwriting processes while managing general operating expenses.
the worldwide health and economic impact of covid-19 continues to evolve, influenced by the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, including resurgences in the virus, as well as the actions of governments, judiciaries, legislative bodies, regulators and other third parties in response, as well as the distribution and effectiveness of vaccinations, all of which are subject to continuing uncertainty. covid-19 impacted the results for 2021 primarily through increased mortality as compared to 2020.
on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. on november 2, 2021, aig and blackstone completed the acquisition by blackstone of a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg, which is the holding company for aig's life and retirement business, for $2.2 billion in an all cash transaction, subject to adjustment if the final pro forma adjusted book value is greater or lesser than the target pro forma adjusted book value. this resulted in a $629 million decrease to aig's shareholders' equity. as part of the separation, most of aig's investment operations were transferred to safg or its subsidiaries as of december 31, 2021, and aig entered into a long-term asset management relationship with blackstone to manage an initial $50 billion of life and retirement's existing investment portfolio beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, with that amount increasing by increments of $8.5 billion per year for five years beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022, for an aggregate of $92.5 billion. on november 1, 2021, safg declared a dividend payable to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion. in connection with such dividend, safg issued a promissory note to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion, which will be required to be paid to aig parent prior to the ipo of safg. as of february 16, 2022, no amounts have been paid under the promissory note. while we currently believe the ipo is the next step in the separation of the life and retirement business from aig, no assurance can be given regarding the form that future separation transactions may take or the specific terms or timing thereof, or that a separation will in fact occur. any separation transaction will be subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and approvals, including approval by the aig board of directors, receipt of insurance and other required regulatory approvals, and satisfaction of any applicable requirements of the sec.
for additional information on the sale of safg to blackstone see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
on december 15, 2021, aig and breit, a long-term, perpetual capital vehicle affiliated with blackstone, completed the acquisition by breit of aig's interests in a u.s. affordable housing portfolio for $4.9 billion, in an all cash transaction, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $3.0 billion. the historical results of the u.s. affordable housing portfolio were reported in our life and retirement operating segments.
100 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement on february 8, 2021, aig announced the execution of a definitive agreement with touchstone investments (touchstone), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of western & southern financial group, to sell certain assets of life and retirement's retail mutual funds business. this sale consisted of the reorganization of twelve of the retail mutual funds managed by sunamerica asset management, llc (saamco), a life and retirement entity, into certain touchstone funds and was subject to certain conditions, including approval of the fund reorganizations by the retail mutual fund boards of directors/trustees and fund shareholders. the transaction closed on july 16, 2021, at which time we received initial proceeds and the twelve retail mutual funds managed by saamco, with $6.8 billion in assets, were reorganized into touchstone funds. additional consideration may be earned over a three-year period based on asset levels in certain reorganized funds. six retail mutual funds managed by saamco and not included in the transaction were liquidated. we will retain our fund management platform and capabilities dedicated to our variable annuity insurance products.
for additional information regarding the separation of life and retirement please see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements and part i, item 1a. risk factors - business and operations - "no assurances can be given that the separation of our life and retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. in addition, the separation could cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of other risks to which aig is exposed".
individual retirement increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income securities are leading americans to seek additional financial security as they approach retirement. the strong demand for individual index and fixed deferred annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted increased competition in this product space. in response to the low interest rate environment, which has added pressure to profit margins, we have developed guaranteed income benefits for variable, fixed index, and fixed deferred annuities with margins that are less sensitive to the level of interest rates.
changes in the capital markets (interest rate environment, equity markets, volatility) can have a significant impact on sales, surrender rates, investment returns, guaranteed income features, and net investment spreads in the annuity industry.
group retirement group retirement competes in the defined contribution market under the aig retirement services brand. aig retirement services is a leading retirement plan provider in the u.s. for k-12 schools and school districts, higher education, healthcare, government and other not-for-profit institutions. the defined contribution market is a highly efficient and competitive market that requires support for both plan sponsors and individual participants. to meet this challenge, aig retirement services is investing in a client-focused technology platform to support improved compliance and self-service functionality. aig retirement services' model pairs self-service tools with its career financial advisors who provide individual plan participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services.
changes in the interest rate and equity market environment can have a significant impact on investment returns, fee income, advisory and other income, guaranteed income features, and net investment spreads, and a moderate impact on sales and surrender rates.
life insurance consumers have a significant need for life insurance, whether it is used for income replacement for their surviving family, estate planning or wealth transfer. additionally, consumers use life insurance to provide living benefits in case of chronic, critical or terminal illnesses, and to supplement retirement income.
in response to consumer needs and a low interest rate environment, our life insurance product portfolio will continue to promote products with less long-duration interest rate risk and mitigate exposure to products that have long-duration interest rate risk through sales levels and hedging strategies.
as life insurance ownership remains at historical lows in the u.s. and the uk, efforts to expand the reach and increase the affordability of life insurance are critical. the industry is investing in consumer-centric efforts to reduce traditional barriers to securing life protection by simplifying the sales and service experience. digitally enabled processes and tools provide a fast, friendly and simple path to life insurance protection.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement institutional markets institutional markets serves a variety of needs for corporate clients. demand is driven by a number of factors including the macroeconomic and regulatory environment. we expect to see continued growth in the pension risk transfer market (direct and assumed reinsurance) as corporate plan sponsors look to transfer asset or liability, longevity, administrative and operational risks associated with their defined benefit plans.
changes in the interest rate environment can have a significant impact on investment returns and net investment spreads, as well as the tax efficiency associated with institutional life insurance products, impacting organic growth opportunities.
for additional information on the impact of market interest rate movement on our life and retirement business see executive summary - aig's outlook - industry and economic factors - impact of changes in the interest rate environment.
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                   8,379          6,884          5,824                  22                     18
interest credited to policyholder account balances          3,565          3,551          3,603                   -                    (1)
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs             973            632            672                  54                    (6)
total benefits, losses and expenses                        15,683         13,744         12,803                  14                      7
for additional information including the impact of actuarial assumptions on our life and retirement results, see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - update of actuarial assumptions by business segment.
our insurance companies generate significant revenues from investment activities. as a result, the operating segments in life and retirement are significantly impacted by variances in net investment income on the asset portfolios that support insurance liabilities and surplus.
for additional information on our investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested asset composition see investments.
102 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement individual retirement results years ended december 31,                                                                                  change
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                          536           397           409                 35                  (3)
interest credited to policyholder account balances               1,787         1,751         1,726                  2   1
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                  736           590           449                 25   31
total benefits, losses and expenses                              4,144         3,776         3,666                 10   3
fixed annuities base net investment spread:
fixed annuities base net investment spread                        1.36     %    1.53     %    1.86   %           (17)   bps           (33)   bps variable and index annuities base net investment spread:
variable and index annuities base net investment spread           2.51     %    2.63     %    3.05   %           (12)   bps           (42)   bps
business and financial highlights in 2021, disruptions due to the covid-19 pandemic were less impactful than in 2020. premiums and deposits increased $3.5 billion in 2021 compared to the prior year. net flows improved $4.1 billion in 2021 compared to the prior year.
adjusted pre-tax income increased $1 million in 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher net investment income ($207 million) and higher policy and advisory fee income, net of advisory fee expenses ($138 million). partially offsetting these increases was a net unfavorable impact from the review and update of actuarial assumptions ($195 million), higher dac amortization and policyholder benefits net of premiums excluding the actuarial assumptions update ($82 million) compared to prior year and an increase in non-deferrable insurance commissions ($63 million).
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement individual retirement adjusted pre-tax income (loss)(in millions)
increase in net investment income ($207 million) driven by higher private equity income ($256 million), higher commercial mortgage loan prepayment income ($29 million), and higher call and tender income ($24 million) partially offset by lower base portfolio income ($92 million) resulting from decreased reinvestment rates on the base portfolio; and
higher policy and advisory fee income, net of advisory fee expenses ($138 million), primarily due to an increase in variable annuity separate account assets driven by robust equity market performance.partially offsetting these increases were:
increase in dac amortization and policyholder benefits net of premiums, excluding the actuarial assumption updates ($82 million), primarily due to higher growth in index annuities, coupled with the impact of lower portfolio yields on policyholder benefits; and
higher non-deferrable insurance commissions ($63 million) primarily due to growth in variable annuity separate account assets.
104 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement individual retirement gaap premiums, premiums and deposits, surrenders and net flows for individual retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on life-contingent payout annuities. premiums increased $40 million in 2021 compared to 2020.
premiums and deposits are a non-gaap financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts, fhlb funding agreements and mutual funds under administration.
net flows for annuity products in individual retirement represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. net flows for mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals.
the following table presents a reconciliation of individual retirement gaap premiums to premiums and deposits:
deposits                         13,732         10,228         14,804
premiums and deposits           $13,916        $10,370        $14,899
surrenders as a percentage of average reserves fixed annuities                                   7.2    %   5.9    %   7.2   %
variable and index annuities                      6.5        5.6        6.4
variable annuities                                7.3        6.2        7.2
index annuities                                   4.6        4.0        3.8
the following table presents reserves for fixed annuities and variable and index annuities by surrender charge category:
(in millions)                annuities         annuities         annuities         annuities no surrender charge            $26,419           $36,039           $27,110           $30,954
* certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year amounts for consistency with the current year presentation.
individual retirement annuities are typically subject to a four- to seven-year surrender charge period, depending on the product. for fixed annuities, the proportion of reserves subject to surrender charge at december 31, 2021 increased compared to december 31, 2020. the increase in reserves with no surrender charge for variable and index annuities as of december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 was principally due to normal aging of business.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement a discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits and net flows for each product line follows:
individual retirement premiums and deposits (p&amp;d) and net flows(in millions)
retail mutual fund net flows reflects customer activity and in 2021, it excludes $7.0 billion of funds (i) transferred as part of the touchstone sale or (ii) liquidated.   fixed annuities net flows remained negative but improved ($108 million) over the prior year, primarily due to higher premiums and deposits ($476 million) driven in part by the prior year impact from distribution channel disruptions related to covid-19, and lower death benefits ($222 million), partially offset by higher surrenders and withdrawals ($590 million) due to higher interest rates.
variable annuities variable annuity net flows improved ($690 million) primarily due to higher premium and deposits ($2.0 billion) driven in part due to prior year impact from distribution channel disruptions related to covid-19, partially offset by higher surrenders and withdrawals ($1.1 billion) due to increase in number of policies coming out of surrender charge, and increase in lapses of policies with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits that are out of the money, and higher death benefits ($207 million).
index annuities net flows increased ($1.1 billion) primarily due to higher premiums and deposits ($1.5 billion) driven in part by fewer disruptions related to covid-19, partially offset by higher surrenders and withdrawals ($366 million) due to increased competition and aging of the block, and death benefits ($78 million).
retail mutual funds net flows remained negative but improved ($2.3 billion) due to lower surrenders and withdrawals ($2.7 billion) due to the touchstone sale, partially offset by lower premiums and deposits ($477 million) due to investors' continued preference for passive, low-fee investment vehicles, and the distribution channel disruptions related to covid-19. retail mutual funds net flows reflects customer activity and in 2021 exclude $7.0 billion of funds (i) transferred as part of the touchstone sale or (ii) liquidated. for additional information regarding the sale of certain assets of the aig life and retirement retail mutual funds business, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
106 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement group retirement results years ended december 31,                                                                           change
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                     74            72           65                  3                   11
interest credited to policyholder account balances         1,150         1,123        1,147                  2                  (2)
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs             61             7           81                 nm                 (91)
total benefits, losses and expenses                        2,007         1,957        2,010                  3                 (70)
business and financial highlights group retirement is focused on implementing initiatives to grow its business. however, external factors, including increased competition and the consolidation of healthcare providers and other employers in target markets, continue to impact group retirement's customer retention. premiums and deposits increased $270 million in 2021 compared to the prior year. net flows remained negative and deteriorated $1.3 billion in 2021 compared to the prior year.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement group retirement adjusted pre-tax income (loss)(in millions)
higher net investment income ($174 million) primarily driven by higher private equity returns ($158 million) and higher call and tender income ($32 million) partially offset by lower base portfolio income net of interest credited ($31 million) primarily driven by decreased reinvestment yields;
group retirement gaap premiums, premiums and deposits, surrenders and net flows for group retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts received on life-contingent payout annuities. premiums in 2021, which primarily represents immediate annuities, increased $3 million compared to 2020.
premiums and deposits are a non-gaap financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts, fhlb funding agreements and mutual funds under administration.
net flows for annuity products included in group retirement represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. net flows for mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. client deposits into advisory and brokerage accounts less total client withdrawals from advisory and brokerage accounts, are not included in net flows, but do contribute to growth in assets under administration and advisory fee income.
the following table presents a reconciliation of group retirement gaap premiums to premiums and deposits:
deposits                         7,744         7,477         8,330
premiums and deposits           $7,766        $7,496        $8,346
108 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement the following table presents reserves for group retirement annuities by surrender charge category:
(b) group retirement amounts in this category include general account reserves of approximately $4.7 billion at both december 31, 2021 and 2020, which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations at the participant level and general account reserves of $5.7 billion and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations at the plan level.
group retirement annuity deposits are typically subject to a five- to seven-year surrender charge period, depending on the product. at december 31, 2021, group retirement annuity reserves with no surrender charge increased compared to december 31, 2020 primarily due to growth in assets under management.
a discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits and net flows follows:
group retirement premiums and deposits and net flows(in millions)
2021 and 2020 comparison net flows remained negative and deteriorated ($1.3 billion) due to higher surrenders, withdrawals and death benefits ($1.6 billion) partially offset by higher deposits ($0.3 billion). in general, net outflows are concentrated in fixed annuity products with higher contractual guaranteed minimum crediting rates. large plan acquisitions and surrenders also contributed to the period over period volatility. in 2021, large plan activity contributed net negative flows of $0.1 billion compared to $0.4 billion of net negative flows in the same period in the prior year.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement life insurance results years ended december 31,                                                                       percentage change
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                  3,636         3,569         3,189                                        12
interest credited to policyholder account balances           354                                            (5)                      -
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs            170            30           137                467                   (78)
total benefits, losses and expenses                        5,006         4,735         4,494                  6                      5
business and financial highlights life insurance is focused on selling profitable new products through strategic channels to enhance future returns. adjusted pre-tax income decreased $36 million in 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in premiums and policy fees, net of policyholder benefits, excluding actuarial assumptions update ($301 million) primarily due to higher mortality, partially offset by higher net favorable impact from the review and update of actuarial assumptions ($207 million) and higher net investment income ($93 million).
unfavorable premiums and policy fees, net of policyholder benefits, excluding actuarial assumptions update ($301 million) due to higher mortality.partially offsetting this decrease were:
higher net investment income ($93 million), primarily driven by higher private equity returns ($104 million) due to stronger equity market performance, higher gains on calls ($30 million) partially offset by lower base portfolio income ($39 million) driven by reduced fixed asset income.
110 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement life insurance gaap premiums and premiums and deposits premiums for life insurance represent amounts received on traditional life insurance policies, primarily term life and international life and health. premiums, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased $96 million in 2021 compared to 2020. premiums and deposits for life insurance is a non-gaap financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance.
the following table presents a reconciliation of life insurance gaap premiums to premiums and deposits:
deposits                         1,635         1,648         1,667
premiums and deposits           $4,650        $4,413        $4,282
* other principally consists of adding back ceded premiums to reflect the gross premiums and deposits.
a discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits follows:
life insurance premiums and deposits (in millions)
premiums and deposits, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased $178 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to growth in international life premiums.
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement institutional markets results years ended december 31,                                                                          percentage change
benefits and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                  4,133         2,846         2,161                 45                    32
interest credited to policyholder account balances           274           304           356               (10)                  (15)
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              6             5             5                 20                     -
total benefits, losses and expenses                        4,526         3,276         2,633                 38                    24
business and financial highlights institutional markets is focused on opportunities to grow its portfolio while maintaining pricing discipline. product distribution continues to be strong. growth in assets under management in recent years has partially driven higher net investment income and adjusted pre-tax income. adjusted pre-tax income increased $144 million in 2021 compared to the prior year.
institutional markets adjusted pre-tax income (loss)(in millions)
higher net investment income ($166 million) primarily due to private equity returns ($126 million) and higher base portfolio income ($36 million) driven by growth in average invested assets; and
lower interest credited to policyholder account balances ($30 million) due to interest rate impacts on the gic business and the fair value changes of certain gics and hedging instruments.partially offsetting these increases was:
an increase in policyholder benefits and losses incurred (including interest accretion) on pension risk transfer and structured settlement products driven by new business ($1.3 billion).
112 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | life and retirement institutional markets gaap premiums and premiums and deposits premiums for institutional markets primarily represent amounts received on pension risk transfer or structured settlement annuities with life contingencies. premiums increased $1.2 billion in 2021 compared to the prior year primarily driven by the pension risk transfer business (direct and assumed reinsurance), partially offset by a decrease in structured settlement annuities with life contingencies.
premiums and deposits for institutional markets is a non-gaap financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts. deposits primarily include gics, fhlb funding agreements and structured settlement annuities with no life contingencies.
the following table presents a reconciliation of institutional markets gaap premiums to premiums and deposits:
deposits                         1,158         2,281         931
premiums and deposits           $4,948        $4,846      $2,822
* other principally consists of adding back ceded premiums to reflect the gross premiums and deposits.
a discussion of the significant variances in premiums and deposits follows:
institutional markets premiums and deposits (in millions)
premiums and deposits increased ($102 million) in 2021 primarily due to higher premiums on pension risk transfer ($1.3 billion), partially offset by lower deposits on gics ($1.1 billion) and structured settlement annuities ($115 million).
table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | other operations other operations
other operations primarily consists of income from assets held by aig parent and other corporate subsidiaries, deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, corporate expenses and intercompany eliminations, our institutional asset management business and results of our consolidated investment entities, general insurance portfolios in run-off as well as the historical results of our legacy insurance lines ceded to fortitude re.
benefits, losses and expenses:
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                            250              816            1,650                (69)                   (51)
interest credited to policyholder account balances                     1               89              208                (99)                   (57)
acquisition expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                     37               50               64                (26)                   (22)
other acquisition expenses                                           (1)                1                9                  nm                   (89)
total acquisition expenses                                            36               51               73                (29)                   (30)
total benefits, losses and expenses                                2,756            3,348            4,372                (18)                   (23)
adjusted pre-tax income (loss) by activities:
* interest - asset management primarily represents interest expense on consolidated investment entities of $182 million, $148 million and $158 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
114 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | business segment operations | other operations
2021 and 2020 comparison adjusted pre-tax loss before consolidation and eliminations of $1.4 billion in 2021 compared to $2.0 billion in 2020, a decrease of $545 million, was primarily due to the sale of a majority of the interest in fortitude holdings on june 2, 2020, as prior period results included adjusted pre-tax loss of $233 million. excluding the results of fortitude re, adjusted pre-tax loss decreased $312 million primarily due to:
 higher net investment income associated with consolidated investment entities of $835 million, which was partially offset by a decline in net mark to market gains on cdo securities of $280 million; and
 higher underwriting loss attributable to net prior year development in 2021 of $87 million and higher catastrophe activity of $44 million within other operations run-off, primarily attributable to blackboard; and
adjusted pre-tax loss on consolidation and eliminations of $932 million in 2021 compared to $466 million in 2020, an increase of $466 million, was primarily due to the elimination of the insurance companies' net investment income from their investment in the consolidated investment entities of $462 million.
table of contents item 7 | investments investments overview our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. the primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus. the majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist of fixed maturity securities.
the worldwide health and economic impact of covid-19 continues to evolve, influenced by the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic as well as the actions of governments, judiciaries, legislative bodies, regulators and other third parties in response, including the distribution and effectiveness of vaccinations, all of which are subject to continuing uncertainty. weak initial economic conditions resulting from covid-19 led to price declines in our investment portfolio from spread widening. governments and monetary authorities acted swiftly with intervention aimed at stimulating growth, which resulted in a sharp increase in asset prices back to values that existed pre-covid. further recognition of credit losses and increases in our allowances for credit losses could result if new business closures are imposed or economic conditions worsen in response to future resurgence of the virus.
we continued to make investments in structured securities and other fixed maturity securities with favorable risk compared to return characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income.
we experienced an increase in net investment income in the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the prior year due primarily to higher income on our private equity alternative investments that directionally followed the positive returns achieved in equity markets. 
investment strategies investment strategies are assessed at the segment level and involve considerations that include local and general market conditions, duration and cash flow management, risk appetite and volatility constraints, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations, and tax and legal investment limitations.
 our fundamental strategy across the portfolios is to seek investments with similar characteristics to the associated insurance liabilities to the extent practicable.
 aig embeds environmental, social and governance (esg) considerations in its fundamental investment analysis of the companies or projects we invest in to ensure that they have sustainable earnings over the full term of our investment, as material, relevant and available. aig considers internal and external factors and evaluates changes in consumer behavior, industry trends related to esg factors as well as the ability of the management of companies to respond appropriately to these changes in order to maintain their competitive advantage.
 we seek to originate investments that offer enhanced yield through illiquidity premiums, such as private placements and commercial mortgage loans, which also add portfolio diversification. these assets typically afford credit protections through covenants, ability to customize structures that meet our insurance liability needs, and deeper due diligence given information access.
 given our global presence, we have access to assets that provide diversification from local markets. to the extent we purchase these investments, we generally hedge any currency risk using derivatives, which could provide opportunities to earn higher risk adjusted returns compared to assets in the functional currency.
116 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | investments
 aig parent, included in other operations, actively manages its assets and liabilities, counterparties and duration. aig parent's liquidity sources are held primarily in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements. this strategy allows us to both diversify our sources of liquidity and reduce the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity.
 within the u.s., the life and retirement and general insurance investments are generally split between reserve backing and surplus portfolios.
- insurance reserves are backed by mainly investment grade fixed maturity securities that meet our duration, risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification objectives. we assess asset classes based on their fundamental underlying risk factors, including credit (public and private), commercial real estate and residential real estate regardless of whether such investments are bonds, loans, or structured products.
- surplus investments seek to enhance portfolio returns and are generally comprised of a mix of fixed maturity investment grade and below investment grade securities and various alternative asset classes, including private equity, real estate equity, and hedge funds. over the past few years, hedge fund investments have been reduced with more emphasis given to private equity, real estate and below investment grade credit.
 outside of the u.s., fixed maturity securities held by insurance companies consist primarily of investment-grade securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we operate.
asset liability management the investment strategy within the general insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus, maintenance of sufficient liquidity for unanticipated insurance claims, and preservation of capital. general insurance invests primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. fixed maturity securities of the general insurance companies' north america operations have an average duration of 3.9 years. fixed maturity securities of the general insurance companies' international operations have an average duration of 4.3 years.
while invested assets backing reserves of the general insurance companies are primarily invested in conventional liquid fixed maturity securities, we have continued to allocate to asset classes that offer higher yields through structural and illiquidity premiums, particularly in our north america operations. in addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate asset-backed investments to manage our exposure to potential changes in interest rates and inflation. we seek to diversify the portfolio across asset classes, sectors and issuers to mitigate idiosyncratic portfolio risks.
in addition, a portion of the surplus of general insurance is invested in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments that seek to balance liquidity, volatility and growth of surplus. there is a higher allocation to equity-oriented investments in general insurance surplus relative to other aig portfolios given the underlying inflation risks inherent in that business. although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.
the investment strategy of the life and retirement companies is to provide net investment income to back liabilities that result in stable distributable earnings and enhance portfolio value, subject to asset liability management, capital, liquidity and regulatory constraints.
the life and retirement companies use asset-liability management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses. the life and retirement companies maintain a diversified, high-to-medium quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans that, to the extent practicable, match the duration characteristics of the liabilities. we seek to diversify the portfolio across asset classes, sectors, and issuers to mitigate idiosyncratic portfolio risks. the investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to the specific characteristics of its insurance liabilities, and as a result, duration varies between distinct portfolios. the interest rate environment has a direct impact on the asset-liability management profile of the businesses, and an extended low interest rate environment may result in a lengthening of liability durations from initial estimates, primarily due to lower lapses, which may require us to further extend the duration of the investment portfolio. a further lengthening of the portfolio will be assessed in the context of available market opportunities as longer duration markets may not provide similar diversification benefits as shorter duration markets.
fixed maturity securities of the life and retirement companies' domestic operations have an average duration of 9.0 years.
in addition, the life and retirement companies seek to enhance surplus portfolio returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments. although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved returns in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio returns.
table of contents item 7 | investments naic designations of fixed maturity securities the securities valuation office (svo) of the naic evaluates the investments of u.s. insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six categories called 'naic designations.' in general, naic designations of '1' highest quality, or '2' high quality, include fixed maturity securities considered investment grade, while naic designations of '3' through '6' generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment grade. naic designations for non-agency residential mortgage backed securities (rmbs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (cmbs) are calculated using third party modeling results provided through the naic. these methodologies result in an improved naic designation for such securities compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. the following tables summarize the ratings distribution of aig subsidiaries' fixed maturity security portfolio by naic designation, and the distribution by composite aig credit rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three major rating agencies. for fixed maturity securities where no naic designation is assigned or able to be calculated using third-party data, the naic designation category used in the first table below reflects an internal rating.
the naic designations presented below do not reflect the added granularity to the designation categories adopted by the naic in 2020, which further subdivide each category of fixed maturity securities by appending letter modifiers to the numerical designations.
for a full description of the composite aig credit ratings see - credit ratings below.
the following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio categorized by naic designation, at fair value:
total total                                                                below investment                                                           investment naic designation                                                                             grade                                                                grade           total other fixed maturity securities                         $109,728       $88,546            $198,274      $8,936      $9,198      $1,152           $71            $19,357        $217,631
* excludes an insignificant amount of fixed maturity securities for which no naic designation is available.
the following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio categorized by composite aig credit rating, at fair value:
total total                                                      below investment                                 ccc and         investment composite aig credit rating                               aaa/aa/a           bbb               grade          bb           b           lower              grade           total other fixed maturity securities                           $114,232       $83,652            $197,884      $9,077      $7,734          $2,936            $19,747        $217,631
* excludes an insignificant amount of fixed maturity securities for which no naic designation is available.
credit ratings at december 31, 2021, approximately 89 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held by our domestic entities. approximately 89 percent of these securities were rated investment grade by one or more of the principal rating agencies. our investment decision process relies primarily on internally generated fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings. third-party rating services' ratings and opinions provide one source of independent perspective for consideration in the internal analysis.
moody's investors service inc. (moody's), standard & poor's financial services llc, a subsidiary of s&p global inc. (s&p), or similar foreign rating services rate a significant portion of our foreign entities' fixed maturity securities portfolio. rating services are not available for some foreign-issued securities. our credit risk management department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio's non-rated fixed maturity securities. at december 31, 2021, approximately 94 percent of such investments were either rated investment grade or, on the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated investment grade. approximately 27 percent of the foreign entities' fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance.
118 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | investments composite aig credit ratings with respect to our fixed maturity securities, the credit ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (i) a composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the naic designation assigned by the naic svo (98 percent of total fixed maturity securities), or (ii) our internal ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the naic. the "non-rated" category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the naic or us.
for information regarding credit risks associated with investments see enterprise risk management.
the following table presents the composite aig credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair value:
other fixed maturity securities aaa                                 $15,578                 $11,758            $1,756                $1,803           $17,334               $13,561
table of contents item 7 | investments available-for-sale investments the following table presents the fair value of our available-for-sale securities:
u.s. government and government sponsored entities                                $8,194                 $4,126
obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions                 14,527                 16,124
the following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to non-u.s. governments for our fixed maturity securities:
united kingdom                   1,031               820
united arab emirates               484               519
120 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | investments the following table presents the fair value of our aggregate european credit exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities:
(in millions)                       sovereign         institution         corporates           products         total             total euro-zone countries:
italy                                      21                 106                509                  -           636               580
united kingdom                         $1,031              $4,846             $9,419             $1,612       $16,908           $17,066
switzerland                                18                 982                884                  -         1,884             1,778
investments in municipal bonds at december 31, 2021, the u.s. municipal bond portfolio was composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality tax-exempt bonds with 95 percent of the portfolio rated a or higher.
table of contents item 7 | investments
(a) we did not have material credit exposure to the government of puerto rico.
(b) excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. includes industrial revenue bonds.
investments in corporate debt securities the following table presents the industry categories of our available for sale corporate debt securities:
financial institutions:
securities firms and other finance companies                    350                    312
other financial institutions                                 18,255                 15,581
utilities                                                    24,180                 23,470
capital goods                                                 8,668                  8,773
our investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in available-for-sale fixed maturities, was 4.9 percent and 4.9 percent at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. while the energy investments are primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the category continues to experience volatility that could adversely affect credit quality and fair value.
investments in rmbs the following table presents aig's rmbs available for sale securities:
(a) includes approximately $6.1 billion and $7.6 billion at december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively, of certain rmbs that had experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination. for additional discussion on purchased credit impaired securities see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
our underwriting practices for investing in rmbs, other asset-backed securities (abs) and cdos take into consideration the quality of the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of credit enhancement in the transaction.
122 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | investments investments in cmbs the following table presents our cmbs available for sale securities:
cmbs (traditional)               $13,091               $12,917
the fair value of cmbs holdings remained stable throughout 2021. the majority of our investments in cmbs are in tranches that contain substantial protection features through collateral subordination. the majority of cmbs holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and geographical areas.
investments in abs/cdos the following table presents our abs/cdo available for sale securities by collateral type:
unrealized losses of fixed maturity securities the following table shows the aging of the unrealized losses of fixed maturity securities, the extent to which the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of respective items in each category:
(dollars in millions)              cost(c)            loss   items(e)        cost(c)            loss   items(e)       cost(c)            loss   items(e)         cost(c)           loss(d)   items(e)
table of contents item 7 | investments
(d) the effect on net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in the amortization of certain dac.
(e) item count is by cusip by subsidiary.
the allowance for credit losses was $6 million for investment grade bonds, and $93 million for below investment grade bonds as of december 31, 2021.
* does not reflect allowance for credit losses.
for additional discussion on commercial mortgage loans see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
124 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | investments net realized gains and losses the following table presents the components of net realized gains (losses):
excluding      fortitude re                    excluding               fortitude re fortitude re             funds                    fortitude re                   funds funds          withheld                    funds                       withheld
(in millions)                                   withheld assets            assets         total      withheld assets               assets            total            total sales of fixed maturity securities                         $211              $717          $928      $307                            $707           $1,014             $320
change in allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities                                    19                 7            26                  (270)               (10)            (280)                -
change in allowance for credit losses on loans                                                       163                 9           172                  (105)                  2            (103)             (46)
variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges                                      (39)                 -          (39)      166                                -              166            (294)
net realized gains - excluding fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative                                       1,751             1,003         2,754                   (56)                463              407              632
net realized gains (losses) on fortitude re funds withheld embedded derivative                            -             (603)         (603)                      -            (2,645)          (2,645)                -
net realized gains excluding fortitude re funds withheld assets in 2021 compared to net realized losses in the prior year were primarily due to gains on the sale of global real estate investments and derivatives gains compared to losses in the prior year, which more than offset lower foreign exchange gains compared to the prior year.
variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges, reflected losses in 2021 compared to gains in the prior year. fair value gains or losses in the hedging portfolio are typically not fully offset by increases or decreases in liabilities due to the non-performance or "own credit" risk adjustment used in the valuation of the variable annuities with gmwb embedded derivative, which are not hedged as part of our economic hedging program, and other risk margins used for valuation that cause the embedded derivatives to be less sensitive to changes in market rates than the hedge portfolio.
net realized gains (losses) on fortitude re funds withheld assets primarily reflect changes in the valuation of the modified coinsurance and funds withheld assets. increases in the valuation of these assets result in losses to aig as the appreciation on the assets must under those reinsurance arrangements be transferred to fortitude re. decreases in valuation of the assets result in gains to aig as the depreciation on the assets under those reinsurance arrangements must be transferred to fortitude re. for further details on the impact of the funds withheld arrangements with fortitude re see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
for additional discussion of market risk management related to these product features see enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs. for more information on the economic hedging target and the impact to pre-tax income of this program see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - variable annuity guaranteed benefits and hedging results in this md&a.
table of contents item 7 | investments change in unrealized gains and losses on investments the change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2021 was primarily attributable to movements in interest rates and spreads. for 2021, net unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities were $9.3 billion due primarily to an increase in interest rates.
the change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2020 was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. for 2020, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity securities were $9.5 billion due primarily to lower rates partially offset by a widening of credit spreads.
insurance reserves liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (loss reserves)
net liability for           reinsurance     gross liability        net liability for           reinsurance     gross liability unpaid losses        recoverable on          for unpaid            unpaid losses        recoverable on          for unpaid and loss     unpaid losses and          losses and                 and loss     unpaid losses and          losses and adjustment       loss adjustment     loss adjustment               adjustment       loss adjustment     loss adjustment
(b) other product lines and unallocated loss adjustment expenses includes gross liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense and reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense for the fortitude re reinsurance of $3.5 billion and $3.8 billion as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
126 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves prior year development the following table summarizes incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of reinsurance by segment:
* includes the amortization attributed to the deferred gain at inception from the national indemnity company (nico) adverse development reinsurance agreement of $193 million, $211 million and $232 million in the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. consistent with our definition of apti, the amount excludes the portion of (favorable)/unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under the nico reinsurance agreements of $(249) million, $(228) million and $(278) million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. also excludes the related changes in amortization of the deferred gain, which were $(3) million, $25 million and $(13) million over those same periods.
 favorable development on u.s. workers compensation and short-tailed commercial lines within other product lines, reflecting lower frequency and severity in recent calendar years.
 amortization benefit of $193 million related to the deferred gain on the adverse development cover.
 reserve strengthening within u.s. financial lines, reflecting higher severity of claims in directors & officers, principally from accident years 2018 and prior, and cyber risk from accident years 2019 and 2020.
 favorable development on short-tailed international commercial lines and personal insurance, reflecting lower frequency and severity of claims.
 reserve strengthening on international financial lines, reflecting higher severity of claims, the majority of which is from accident years 2018 and prior.
 unfavorable development primarily attributed to the blackboard insurance portfolio due to increased severity on reported claims.
for additional information on prior year development by line of business see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. for information regarding actuarial methods employed for major classes of business, see critical accounting estimates.
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves the following tables summarize incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of reinsurance, by segment and major lines of business, and by accident year groupings:
 favorable development from amortization of the deferred gain on the adverse development reinsurance agreement with nico for accident years 2015 and prior;
 unfavorable development in u.s. financial lines, notably d&o, employment practices liability (epli), mergers and acquisitions, cyber and non-medical professional errors & omissions business where we reacted to increasing frequency and severity in recent accident years;
 unfavorable development on financial lines driven by low frequency and high severity seen in d&o, especially in uk/europe and australia;
 favorable development on europe and japan personal insurance driven by favorable frequency and severity trends.
for information regarding the 2019 net loss development see part ii, item 7. md&a - insurance reserves - loss reserves of our 2020 annual report.
128 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves significant reinsurance agreements in the first quarter of 2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with nico, under which we transferred to nico 80 percent of the reserve risk on substantially all of our u.s. commercial long-tail exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. under this agreement, we ceded to nico 80 percent of the losses on subject business paid on or after january 1, 2016 in excess of $25 billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of $25 billion. we account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. this transaction resulted in a gain, which under gaap retroactive reinsurance accounting is deferred and amortized into income over the settlement period. nico created a collateral trust account as security for their claim payment obligations to us, into which they deposited the consideration paid under the agreement, and berkshire hathaway inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure nico's obligations under the agreement.
deferred gain liability reflected in aig's balance sheet                                 $869               $1,297               $1,381
the following table presents the rollforward of activity in the deferred gain from the adverse development reinsurance agreement:
the lines of business subject to this agreement have been the source of the majority of the unfavorable prior year development over the past several years, though the overall prior year development has been favorable over the past three years. the agreement has resulted in lower capital charges for reserve risks at our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. in addition, net investment income declined as a result of lower invested assets.
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves fortitude re was established during the first quarter of 2018 in a series of reinsurance transactions related to our run-off operations. those reinsurance transactions were designed to consolidate most of our insurance run-off lines into a single legal entity. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $29.6 billion of reserves from our life and retirement run-off lines and approximately $3.8 billion of reserves from our general insurance run-off lines related to business written by multiple wholly-owned aig subsidiaries, had been ceded to fortitude re under these reinsurance transactions.
of the fortitude re reinsurance agreements, the largest is the amended and restated combination coinsurance and modified coinsurance agreement by and between our subsidiary american general life insurance company (agl) and fortitude re. under this treaty, approximately $22.6 billion of agl reserves as of december 31, 2021 were ceded to fortitude re representing a mix of life and annuity risks. fortitude re provides 100 percent reinsurance of the ceded risks. agl retains the risk of collection of any third party reinsurance covering the ceded business. at effectiveness of the treaty, an amount equal to the aggregate ceded reserves was deposited by agl into a modified coinsurance account of agl to secure the obligations of fortitude re. fortitude re receives or makes quarterly payments that represent the net gain or loss under the treaty for the relevant quarter, including any net investment gain or loss on the assets in the modified coinsurance account. an aig affiliate will serve as portfolio manager of assets in the modified coinsurance account for a minimum of three years after the june 2, 2020 closing of the majority interest fortitude sale.
following receipt of all regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other conditions, effective as of january 1, 2022, aig sold to an affiliate of fortitude re all of the outstanding capital stock of two servicing companies that administer the life and retirement and general insurance ceded business, and the ceding insurers entered into administrative services agreements pursuant to which aig transferred administration of certain life and retirement and general insurance ceded business to such companies.
for a summary of significant reinsurers see enterprise risk management - insurance risks - reinsurance activities - reinsurance recoverable.
life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac the following section provides discussion of life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and deferred policy acquisition costs.
for information regarding 2019 life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and deferred policy acquisition costs, see part ii, item 7. md&a - insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac of our 2020 annual report.
update of actuarial assumptions and models the life insurance companies review and update actuarial assumptions at least annually, generally in the third quarter. assumption setting standards vary between investment-oriented products and traditional long-duration products.
investment-oriented products the life insurance companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions used to amortize dac and related items (which may include voba, dsi and unearned revenue reserves) and assessments used to accrue guaranteed benefit reserves for investment-oriented products at least annually. estimated gross profit projections include assumptions for investment-related returns and spreads, product-related fees and expenses, mortality gains and losses, policyholder behavior and other factors. in estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on dac amortization. if the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change significantly, dac and related reserves are recalculated using the new projections, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. updating such projections may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products.
the life insurance companies also review assumptions related to their respective gmwb living benefits that are accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value. the fair value of these embedded derivatives is based on actuarial assumptions, including policyholder behavior, as well as capital market assumptions.
• the reversion to the mean rates of return (gross of fees) were decreased to 1.04 percent from 3.12 percent for the variable annuity product line in individual retirement and increased to 4.04 percent from 2.87 percent for the variable annuity product line in group retirement primarily due to recent equity market movements. the separate account long-term asset growth rate assumption related to equity market performance remained unchanged at 7.0 percent. the group retirement reversion to the mean rate of return had become and had remained less than zero percent, the rate was unlocked and reset to 3.59 percent, which increased the dac and sales inducement balances by a total of $78 million and decreased reserve balances by $6 million, increasing pre-tax income by a total of $84 million. the long-term growth assumption remained unchanged at 7.0 percent; and
130 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves
• ultimate projected yields on most of our invested assets were lowered on life and annuity deposits. life deposit projected yields decreased up to 42 basis points while annuity insurance deposits saw decreases of up to 52 basis points. projected yields are graded from a weighted average net gaap book yield of existing assets supporting the business based on the value of the assets to a weighted average yield based on the duration of the assets excluding assets that mature during the grading period. the grading period is three years for deferred annuity products and five years for life insurance products due to deferred annuities having a shorter duration than life products. projected yields are held constant after the grading period.
for information regarding actuarial methods see critical accounting estimates - estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products.
traditional long-duration products for traditional long-duration products discussed below, which include whole life insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, prt group annuities, and life-contingent single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements, a "lock-in" principle applies. the assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and dac are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. a loss recognition event occurs when current liabilities together with expected future premiums are not sufficient to provide for all future benefits, expenses, and dac amortization, net of reinsurance. a loss recognition event is driven by observed changes in actual experience or estimates differing significantly from "locked-in" assumptions. underlying assumptions, including interest rates, are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate for loss recognition testing purposes.
the following table presents the decrease in pre-tax income resulting from the third quarter update of actuarial assumptions in the life insurance companies, by line item as reported in results of operations:
interest credited to policyholder account balances              (50)          (6)           19
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs              (139)          225          203
policyholder benefits and losses incurred                        138        (235)        (363)
individual retirement fixed annuities                                                             $(274)         $(77)           $82
variable and indexed annuities                                                   4             2         (145)
institutional markets                                                            -             1             -
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves in 2021, adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable update of $166 million, primarily in fixed annuities driven by changes to earned rates causing spread compression partially offset by favorable updates to full surrender assumptions, and updates to the life insurance reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees and similar features (excluding base policy liabilities and embedded derivatives) model.
in 2020, adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable adjustment of $107 million, primarily in fixed annuities driven by changes to earned rates causing spread compression partially offset by favorable updates to full surrender assumptions, and in life insurance primarily due to mortality modeling enhancements.
in 2021, in fixed annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of $274 million which reflected lower projected investment earnings. in 2020, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of $77 million which reflected lower projected investment earnings, partially offset by lower assumed lapses.
in 2021, in variable and index annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of $4 million, driven by lower assumed lapses. these updates were largely offset by lower projected investment earnings. in 2020, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net favorable adjustment of $2 million driven by guarantee withdrawal benefit utilization assumptions. these updates were partially offset by lower projected investment earnings.
group retirement in 2021, in group retirement, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of $2 million, driven primarily in the variable annuities line by lower projected investment earnings, largely offset by resetting the reversion to the mean rates. in 2020, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a favorable impact of $68 million, primarily in the variable annuities line from extending the dac amortization projection period, partially offset by updates to expense and lapse assumptions. the dac amortization projection period was extended to reflect business still in-force at the end of the previous projection period, resulting in an increase in modeled future profits and an increase in the current dac balance.
life insurance in 2021, in life insurance, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of $106 million, primarily driven by updates to the modeling of certain policy fees for universal life with secondary guarantees and similar features (excluding base policy liabilities and embedded derivatives), which was partially offset by lower projected investment earnings and model updates involving reinsurance. in 2020, the annual update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of $101 million, primarily driven by updates to universal life mortality assumptions. the mortality updates better align the assumptions with experience and reduce future profits which increases the reserves for affected products. the unfavorable updates were partially offset by refinements to reserve modeling.
132 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves variable annuity guaranteed benefits and hedging results our individual retirement and group retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with gmwb riders that provide guaranteed living benefit features. the liabilities for gmwb are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value. the fair value of the embedded derivatives may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads, market volatility, policyholder behavior and other factors.
in addition to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from gmwb, including exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and volatility. the hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value election.
for additional information on market risk management related to these product features see enterprise risk management - insurance risks - life and retirement companies' key risks - variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs.
differences in valuation of embedded derivatives and economic hedge target the variable annuity hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents an estimate of the underlying economic risks in our gmwb riders. the economic hedge target differs from the gaap valuation of the gmwb embedded derivatives, creating volatility in our net income (loss) primarily due to the following:
 the economic hedge target includes 100 percent of rider fees in present value calculations; the gaap valuation reflects only those fees attributed to the embedded derivative such that the initial value at contract issue equals zero;
 the economic hedge target uses best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes explicit risk margins used for gaap valuation, such as margins for policyholder behavior, mortality, and volatility; and
 the economic hedge target excludes the non-performance or "own credit" risk adjustment used in the gaap valuation, which reflects a market participant's view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating a different spread (the npa spread) to the curve used to discount projected benefit cash flows. because the discount rate includes the npa spread and other explicit risk margins, the gaap valuation has different sensitivities to movements in interest rates and other market factors, and to changes from actuarial assumption updates, than the economic hedge target. for more information on our valuation methodology for embedded derivatives within policyholder contract deposits see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
the market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected to be fully offsetting. in addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with the variable annuity hedging program, the life and retirement companies have cash and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these guarantees. the primary sources of difference between the change in the fair value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include:
 basis risk due to the variance between expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative;
 realized volatility versus implied volatility;
 risk exposures that we have elected not to explicitly or fully hedge.
embedded derivative liability                                                   $2,472               $3,572
embedded derivative liability, excluding npa                                     4,980                6,530
economic hedge target liability                                                 $2,808               $4,028
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves impact on pre-tax income (loss)
the impact on our pre-tax income (loss) of variable annuity guaranteed living benefits and related hedging results includes changes in the fair value of the gmwb embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative hedging instruments, both of which are recorded in net realized gains (losses). realized gains (losses), as well as net investment income from changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities used in the hedging program, are excluded from adjusted pre-tax income of individual retirement and group retirement.
the change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to the differences in valuation between the economic hedge target, the gaap embedded derivatives and the fair value of the hedging portfolio, as discussed above. when corporate credit spreads widen, the change in the npa spread generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the change in the npa spread generally increases the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. in addition to changes driven by credit market-related movements in the npa spread, the npa balance also reflects changes in business activity and in the net amount at risk from the underlying guaranteed living benefits.
change in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio:
fixed maturity securities*                                                                              57             44             194
equity derivative contracts                                                                        (1,217)          (679)         (1,274)
change in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio                                         (1,760)            707            (51)
impact to consolidated income statement net investment income, net of related interest credited to policyholder account balances               $57            $44            $194
* beginning in july 2019, the fixed maturity securities portfolio used in the hedging program was rebalanced to reposition the portfolio from a duration, sector, and issuer perspective. as part of this rebalancing, fixed maturity securities where we elected the fair value option were sold. later in the quarter, as new fixed maturity securities were purchased, they were classified as available for sale. the change in fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) was a loss of $122 million in 2021 due to higher interest rates. the change in fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) were gains of $217 million and $57 million for 2020 and 2019, respectively, due to lower interest rates and tightening credit spreads.
134 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves the net impact on pre-tax income of $18 million from the gmwb embedded derivatives and related hedges in 2021 was driven by gains from higher equity markets, impact of higher interest rates on the change in the fair value of embedded derivatives excluding npa, net of the hedging portfolio, offset by the tightening of npa credit spreads, impact of higher interest rates that resulted in npa volume losses from lower expected gmwb payments, and losses from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. in 2020, the net impact on pre-tax income of $210 million was driven by the widening of npa credit spreads, impact of lower interest rates that resulted in npa volume gains from higher expected gmwb payments, gains from higher equity markets, and gains from the review and update of actuarial assumptions, partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates on the change in the fair value of embedded derivatives excluding npa, net of the hedging portfolio.
the change in the fair value of the gmwb embedded derivatives, excluding npa and update of actuarial assumptions in 2021 reflected gains from increases in interest rates and equity markets. in 2020, the change in the fair value of the gmwb embedded derivatives, excluding npa and update of actuarial assumptions, reflected losses from decreases in interest rates, partially offset by gains from higher equity markets.
fair value gains or losses in the hedging portfolio are typically not fully offset by increases or decreases in liabilities on a gaap basis, due to the npa and other risk margins used for gaap valuation that cause the embedded derivatives to be less sensitive to changes in market rates than the hedge portfolio. on an economic basis, the changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio were partially offset by the changes in the economic hedge target, as discussed below. in 2021, we had a net mark to market gain of approximately $109 million from our hedging activities related to our economic hedge target primarily driven by higher equity markets, partially offset by losses from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. in 2020, we estimated a net mark to market gain of approximately $295 million from our hedging activities related to our economic hedge target primarily driven by gains from higher equity markets and gains from the review and update of actuarial assumptions offset by tightening credit spreads.
change in economic hedge target the decrease in the economic hedge target liability in 2021 was primarily driven by higher interest rates and higher equity markets, partially offset by losses from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. the increase in the economic hedge target liability in 2020 was primarily due to lower interest rates and tighter credit spreads, offset by benefits from the review and update of assumptions and higher equity markets.
change in fair value of the hedging portfolio the changes in the fair value of the economic hedge target and, to a lesser extent, the embedded derivative valuation under gaap, were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of the variable annuity hedging portfolio:
 changes in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures and options, resulted in losses in 2021 and 2020, and varied based on the relative change in equity market returns in the respective periods.
 changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, primarily corporate bonds, are used as a capital-efficient way to economically hedge interest rate and credit spread-related risk. the change in the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in 2021 reflected losses due to higher interest rates. the gains in 2020 reflected the impact of decreases in interest rates and tightening credit spreads.
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves dac the following table summarizes the major components of the changes in dac, including voba, within the life and retirement companies:
initial allowance upon the adoption of the current expected credit loss accounting standard             -              15               -
acquisition costs deferred                                                                          1,010             910           1,180
balance, end of year, excluding fortitude re dac(a)                                                 8,086           7,316           8,119
dac on business ceded to fortitude re(b)                                                                -               -             456
(b)as of closing of the majority interest fortitude sale on june 2, 2020, these dac balances were deemed to be not recoverable and were written off.
the net impact to dac amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits, including those reported within change in dac related to net realized gains (losses), represented one percent and two percent of the dac balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
reversion to the mean the projected separate account returns on variable annuities use a reversion-to-the-mean (rtm) approach, under which lower historical returns lead to higher current returns and vice versa. the rtm rate is updated quarterly based on market returns and can change dramatically in periods where market returns move significantly. an anchor date is set in the past, such that the historical returns since the anchor date, combined with the updated rtm rate applied for over the first five years of the projection brings the average growth over the combined period to the long-term rate 7.00 percent assumption. the criterion to review the five-year rtm anchor date is for the current rtm rate to be less than zero or more than double the long-term growth rate assumption for three consecutive months. when the anchor date is reset, the rtm rate is determined to be approximately one-half of the long-term rate. should market returns be significantly out of line with our expectations there are caps and floors that if breached would trigger a reassessment of the long-term rate and the rtm rate.
for additional information on assumptions related to our reversion to the mean methodology see critical accounting estimates - estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products.
dac and reserves related to unrealized appreciation of investments dac and reserves for universal life insurance and investment-oriented products are adjusted at each balance sheet date to reflect the change in dac, unearned revenue, and benefit reserves with an offset to other comprehensive income (loss) (oci) as if securities available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields (changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments). similarly, for long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities with an offset to oci to be recorded.
changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments related to dac and unearned revenue generally move in the opposite direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio, reducing the reported dac and unearned revenue balance when market interest rates decline. conversely, changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments related to benefit reserves generally move in the same direction as the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio, increasing reported future policy benefit liabilities balance when market interest rates decline.
136 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves market conditions in 2021 drove a $7.4 billion decrease in the unrealized appreciation of the available for sale fixed maturity securities portfolio held to support the life and retirement businesses at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020. at december 31, 2021, the changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments reflected increases in amortized balances including dac and unearned revenue reserves, while accrued liabilities such as policyholder benefit liabilities decreased $941 million from december 31, 2020.
reserves the following table presents a rollforward of insurance reserves by operating segments for life and retirement, including future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits, other policyholder funds, and separate account liabilities, as well as retail mutual funds and group retirement mutual fund assets under administration:
premiums and deposits                                                                          13,916            10,370            14,899
surrenders and withdrawals                                                                   (11,368)          (12,023)          (13,135)
death and other contract benefits                                                             (3,138)           (3,075)           (3,204)
premiums and deposits                                                                           7,766             7,496             8,346
surrenders and withdrawals                                                                   (10,097)           (8,696)          (10,317)
death and other contract benefits                                                               (877)             (740)             (675)
premiums and deposits                                                                           4,229             4,046             3,931
surrenders and withdrawals                                                                      (487)             (484)             (663)
death and other contract benefits                                                               (592)             (557)             (663)
table of contents item 7 | insurance reserves institutional markets
premiums and deposits                                                                           4,948             4,846             2,822
surrenders and withdrawals                                                                    (1,821)           (1,788)             (984)
death and other contract benefits                                                               (887)             (886)           (1,102)
total institutional markets reserves                                                          $30,219           $27,297           $23,629
premiums and deposits                                                                          30,859            26,758            29,998
surrenders and withdrawals                                                                   (23,773)          (22,991)          (25,099)
death and other contract benefits                                                             (5,494)           (5,258)           (5,644)
balance at end of year, excluding fortitude re reserves                                       325,663           314,828           297,872
fortitude re reserves(b)                                                                       27,654            28,505            30,441
balance at end of year, including fortitude re reserves                                       353,317           343,333           328,313
fortitude re reinsurance ceded(b)                                                            (27,654)          (28,505)                 -
(b) includes amounts related to policies where aig has partially ceded to other reinsurers and fortitude re.
future policy benefits                                        $57,749               $54,645
policyholder contract deposits                                156,844               154,669
separate account liabilities                                  109,111               100,290
(a) excludes unearned revenue liability.
(b) liabilities for certain universal life products were reclassified from policyholder contract deposits to future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts. for additional information, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
138 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources overview liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations. it is defined as cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at a reasonable cost. we endeavor to manage our liquidity prudently through various risk committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity risk framework established by our treasury group with oversight by enterprise risk management (erm). our liquidity risk framework is designed to manage liquidity at both aig parent and its subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario.
for additional information see enterprise risk management - risk appetite, limits, identification and measurement and enterprise risk management - liquidity risk management below.
capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances. our primary source of ongoing capital generation is derived from the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. we must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum capital positions. these constraints drive the requirements for capital adequacy at aig and the individual businesses and are based on internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations and business needs. actual capital levels are monitored on a regular basis, and using erm's stress testing methodology, we evaluate the capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in relation to the relevant capital constraints of both aig and our insurance subsidiaries.
we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events.
nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital resources. additional collateral calls, deterioration in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus, higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit ratings, catastrophic losses or fluctuations in the capital markets generally may result in significant additional cash or capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. other potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an economic collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations, nationalization, catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing economic or political upheaval. in addition, regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.
for information regarding risks associated with covid-19, see part i, item 1a. - risk factors - market conditions - "covid-19 has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted".
depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and capital management actions. liability management actions may include, but are not limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or engaging in debt exchange offers. capital management actions may include, but are not limited to, issuing preferred stock, paying dividends to our shareholders on the aig common stock, par value $2.50 per share (aig common stock), paying dividends to the holders of our series a 5.85% non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series a preferred stock), and repurchases of aig common stock.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources highlightssourcesliquidity to aig parent from subsidiariesduring 2021, our general insurance companies distributed cash and fixed maturity securities of $2.3 billion, and our life and retirement companies distributed $2.8 billion of cash and $38 million of aig common stock held by certain life and retirement companies to aig parent or applicable intermediate holding companies. warrant exercisesin january 2021, we received aggregate proceeds of approximately $92 million in connection with warrant exercises to purchase approximately 2 million shares of aig common stock that occurred prior to the january 19, 2021 expiration of warrants to purchase shares of aig common stock. tax sharing payment from fortitude rein january 2021, we received $109 million in tax sharing payments in the form of cash from fortitude re related to periods prior to the majority interest fortitude sale. the tax sharing payments from fortitude re may be subject to further adjustment in future periods.blackstone transactionsin november 2021, aig completed the sale of a 9.9 percent equity interest in safg to an affiliate of blackstone for $2.2 billion. in december 2021, aig parent and agl received net proceeds of $3.9 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, from the sale of aig's interests in a u.s. affordable housing portfolio to blackstone real estate income trust.
four quarterly cash dividend payments of $0.32 per share on aig common stock totaling $1.1 billion.repurchases of common stock*during 2021, aig parent repurchased approximately 50 million shares of aig common stock, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.6 billion. approximately $92 million of these share repurchases were funded with proceeds received from warrant exercises that occurred prior to the expiration of warrants to purchase shares of aig common stock on january 19, 2021.irs tax prepaymentduring 2021, aig parent made aggregate prepayments of approximately $364 million to the u.s. treasury in connection with certain settlement agreements described in tax matters below.
* pursuant to an exchange act rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan, from january 1, 2022 to february 15, 2022, we repurchased approximately $522 million of additional shares of aig common stock. as of february 15, 2022, approximately $3.4 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization.
140 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources analysis of sources and uses of cash operating cash flow activities insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits. the ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates, effective management of our investment portfolio and operating expense discipline.
investing cash flow activities net cash used in investing activities in 2021 included approximately $4.7 billion of proceeds from divestitures. net cash used in investing activities in 2020 included $2.2 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of fortitude holdings.
financing cash flow activities net cash used in financing activities in 2021 reflected:
• approximately $156 million in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of debt of consolidated investment entities; and
• approximately $2.2 billion in net inflows from the sale of a 9.9 percent equity interest in safg to an affiliate of blackstone.
net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 reflected:
• approximately $655 million in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of debt of consolidated investment entities.
for information regarding cash flow activities for the year ended december 31, 2019, see part ii, item 7. md&a - liquidity and capital resources - analysis of sources and uses of cash of our 2020 annual report.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources of aig parent and subsidiaries aig parent as of december 31, 2021, aig parent and applicable intermediate holding companies had approximately $15.2 billion in liquidity sources. aig parent's liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities and also include a committed, revolving syndicated credit facility. fixed maturity securities primarily include u.s. government and government sponsored entity securities, u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. aig parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. based upon an assessment of funding needs, the liquidity sources can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase agreements or contributed as admitted assets to regulated insurance companies. aig parent liquidity is monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. aig parent's primary sources of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries and credit facilities. aig parent's primary uses of liquidity are for debt service, capital and liability management, and operating expenses.
we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company subsidiaries. we expect to access the debt and preferred equity markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed.
we utilize our capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. should we have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic growth or acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or aig common stock repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management.
in the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the capital released by our insurance companies, by our other operations or through the utilization of aig's deferred tax assets may be available to support our business strategies, for distribution to shareholders or for liability management.
in developing plans to distribute capital, aig considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to: aig's business and strategic plans, expectations for capital generation and utilization, aig's funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks, as well as rating agency expectations, regulatory requirements, bank creditor covenants and internal stress tests for capital.
the following table presents aig parent and applicable intermediate holding companies liquidity sources:
unencumbered fixed maturity securities(b)                                         6,357                 3,711
total aig parent liquidity                                                       10,691                10,473
available capacity under committed, syndicated credit facility(c)                 4,500                 4,500
total aig parent liquidity sources                                  $15,191                           $14,973
(a) cash and short-term investments include agreements in which securities are purchased by us under agreements to resell totaling $1.9 billion and $5.4 billion as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
(b) unencumbered securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. fixed maturity securities primarily include u.s. government and government sponsored entity securities, u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities.
(c) for additional information relating to this committed, syndicated credit facility see - credit facilities below.
insurance companies we expect that our insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. our insurance companies' liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities.
each of our material insurance companies' liquidity is monitored through various internal liquidity risk measures. the primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables and investment income and maturities. the primary uses of liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, benefit claims, surrenders, withdrawals, interest payments, dividends, expenses, investment purchases and collateral requirements.
142 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources our insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances. for example, large catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to the affected operations of our general insurance companies, and a shift in interest rates may require us to provide support to the affected operations of our life and retirement companies.
downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could result in non-renewals or cancellations by policyholders and adversely affect a subsidiary's ability to meet its own obligations. increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency capital models may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required capital.
management believes that because of the size and liquidity of our life and retirement companies' investment portfolios, normal deviations from projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity risk. furthermore, our life and retirement companies' products contain certain features that mitigate surrender risk, including surrender charges. however, in times of extreme capital markets disruption or as a result of fluctuations in the capital markets generally, liquidity needs could outpace resources.
as part of their risk management framework, our insurance companies continue to evaluate and, where appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to improve their liquidity position and facilitate their ability to maintain a fully invested asset portfolio.
certain of our u.s. insurance companies are members of the fhlbs in their respective districts. borrowings from fhlbs are used to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. our u.s. general insurance companies had no outstanding borrowings from fhlbs at both december 31, 2021 and 2020. our u.s. life and retirement companies had $3.6 billion which were due to fhlbs in their respective districts at both december 31, 2021 and 2020, under funding agreements issued through our individual retirement, group retirement and institutional markets operating segments, which were reported in policyholder contract deposits. proceeds from funding agreements are generally invested in fixed income securities and other investments intended to generate spread income. these investment contracts do not have mortality or morbidity risk and are similar to gics. in addition, our u.s. life and retirement companies had no outstanding borrowings in the form of cash advances from fhlbs at both december 31, 2021 and 2020.
certain of our u.s. life and retirement companies have programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by management. under these programs, these u.s. life and retirement companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. cash collateral received is invested in short-term investments or partially used for short-term liquidity purposes. additionally, the aggregate amount of securities that a life and retirement company is able to lend under its program at any time is limited to five percent of its general account statutory-basis admitted assets. our u.s. life and retirement companies had $3.3 billion and $3.4 billion of securities subject to these agreements at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and $3.4 billion and $3.5 billion of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
aig generally manages capital between aig parent and our insurance companies through internal, board-approved policies and limits, as well as management standards. in addition, aig parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements in place with certain subsidiaries. nevertheless, regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.
aig parent and/or certain subsidiaries are parties to several letter of credit agreements with various financial institutions, which issue letters of credit from time to time in support of our insurance companies. these letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by aig parent and/or certain subsidiaries in the event of a drawdown of these letters of credit. letters of credit issued in support of the general insurance companies totaled approximately $4.8 billion at december 31, 2021. letters of credit issued in support of the life and retirement companies totaled approximately $361 million at december 31, 2021.
in 2021, our general insurance companies collectively paid to aig parent or applicable intermediate holding companies a total of approximately $2.3 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities and received $2 million in tax sharing payments in the form of cash. the fixed maturity securities primarily included u.s. treasuries and securities issued by u.s. agencies.
in 2021, our life and retirement companies collectively paid to aig parent or applicable intermediate holding companies a total of approximately $1.3 billion in dividends in the form of cash and aig common stock and $1.5 billion in tax sharing payments in the form of cash. on november 1, 2021, safg declared a dividend payable to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion. in connection with such dividend, safg issued a promissory note to aig parent in the amount of $8.3 billion, which will be required to be paid to aig parent prior to the initial public offering of safg. as of february 16, 2022, no amounts have been paid under the promissory note.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources tax matters in october 2020, the southern district of new york dismissed the case for the 1997 tax year related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing transactions based upon the settlement reached between aig and the government. the settlement concluded our ongoing dispute related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross border financing transactions for all years and as a result of the settlement, we will be required to make a payment to the u.s. treasury. the amount we currently expect to pay based on settlement terms is approximately $0.2 billion, including obligations of aig parent and subsidiaries. this amount is net of payments previously made with respect to cross border financing transactions from tax years 1997 through 2006 and other matters related to 2006 and prior, including prepayments of approximately $548 million, $354 million and $10 million that aig made to the u.s. treasury in june 2020, june 2021 and october 2021, respectively. the amount also includes interest that will become due after review of the interest calculations and will reflect benefits from the application of interest netting which aig has requested. while we continue to finalize the interest calculations with the irs, the remaining amounts may not be determined until 2023.
for additional information regarding this matter see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.
credit facilities on november 19, 2021, we entered into a new committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the facility) as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. the facility provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in november 2026.
as of december 31, 2021, a total of $4.5 billion remains available under the facility. our ability to utilize the facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. however, our ability to utilize the facility is conditioned on the satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial covenants and other requirements contained in the facility. these include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization. failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the facility would restrict our access to the facility and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. we expect to utilize the facility from time to time, and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.
in connection with our entry into the facility, we terminated our prior $4.5 billion credit facility, and no amounts were outstanding under the prior facility at the time of termination.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes material contractual obligations in total, and by remaining maturity:
insurance and investment contract liabilities           293,624         16,435         36,536             240,653
(b) does not reflect $6.4 billion of debt of consolidated investment entities, for which recourse is limited to the assets of the respective investment entities and for which there is no recourse to the general credit of aig.
loss reserves loss reserves relate to our general insurance companies and represent estimates of future loss and loss adjustment expense payments based on historical loss development payment patterns. the amounts presented in the above table are undiscounted and therefore exceed the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including allowance for credit losses, as presented on the consolidated balance sheets. due to the significance of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be materially different from actual required payments. we believe that our general insurance companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these obligations.
144 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources for additional information on loss reserves see critical accounting estimates - loss reserves and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
insurance and investment contract liabilities insurance and investment contract liabilities, including gic liabilities, relate to our life and retirement companies. these liabilities include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments. these liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. for these policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control.
we have made significant assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these contractual policy benefits. these assumptions include mortality, morbidity, future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates, offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. due to the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be materially different from actual required payments. the amounts presented in the above table are undiscounted and therefore exceed the liabilities for future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts, and policyholder contract deposits included in the consolidated balance sheets.
we believe that our life and retirement companies have adequate financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these obligations. these subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash and short-term investments. in addition, our life and retirement companies maintain significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities, including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are insufficient. we expect liquidity needs related to gic liabilities to be funded through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.
for additional information on loss reserves see critical accounting estimates - loss reserves and notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
for additional information on outstanding debt, see "debt" below.
other contractual obligations we have no other significant contractual obligations not reflected in the table above that in aggregate would have a material effect on aig's financial position, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources.
off-balance sheet arrangements and commercial commitments in the normal course of business, aig and our subsidiaries enter into commitments under which we may be required to make payments in the future on a contingent basis.
the following table summarizes off-balance sheet arrangements and commercial commitments in total, and by remaining maturity:
december 31, 2021                                            amount of commitment expiring
(in millions)                            committed          2022             2024           thereafter commitments:
investment commitments                      $7,254        $4,132           $2,379                 $743
commitments to extend credit                 5,780         1,774            2,769                1,237
letters of credit                              986           752              201                   33
(a) excludes guarantees, cmas or other support arrangements between aig consolidated entities.
(b) excludes commitments with respect to pension plans. the annual pension contribution for 2022 is expected to be approximately $65 million.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources investment commitments we enter into investment commitments in the normal course of business that are aligned with and support our investment strategies. these represent commitments to investment in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds, as well as commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the united states and abroad. the commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding new investments or expenses of the fund. the expiration of these commitments is estimated based on the expected life cycle of the related funds, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. these commitments are primarily made by insurance and real estate subsidiaries of the company.
we also enter into arrangements with variable interest entities (vies) and consolidate a vie when we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.
for additional information on investment commitments and vies see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
commitments to extend credit as part of our normal course of business lending operations, we enter into commitments to fund mortgage loans at certain interest rates and various other terms, within a stated period of time. such commitments are legally binding and generally made by insurance subsidiaries of the company.
letters of credit aig is party to several letter of credit agreements with various financial institutions, which issue letters of credit from time to time for the benefit of third parties in support of our businesses. these letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by aig in the event of a drawdown.
other commitments and guarantees we have no other significant guarantees or commitments not reflected in the table above that in aggregate would have a material effect on aig's financial position, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources.
indemnification agreements we are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. these arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. these arrangements are typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. depending on the specific terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be subject to contractual limitations.
we have recorded liabilities for certain of these arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. these liabilities are not material in the aggregate. we are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. overall, we believe the likelihood that we will have to make any material payments under these arrangements is remote.
for additional information regarding our indemnification agreements see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
debt aig expects to service and repay general borrowings through maturing investments and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from invested assets, future debt or preferred stock issuances and other financing arrangements. aig borrowings supported by assets of aig include gias that are supported by cash and investments held by aig parent, certain non-insurance subsidiaries and amounts posted to third parties as collateral for the repayment of those obligations. total debt includes debt of consolidated investments not guaranteed by aig.
for additional information on gias and associated collateral posted see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
146 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources the following table provides the rollforward of aig's total debt outstanding:
balance at                           maturities         effect of                                   balance at
debt of consolidated investment entities - not guaranteed by aig(c)                                          9,431          4,338              (4,495)         (21)               (2,831)   (d)                 6,422
(a) aig parent guarantees all such debt, except for series aigfp matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of aig parent. collateral posted to third parties was $1.4 billion at both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, respectively. this collateral primarily consists of securities of the u.s. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties.
(c) at december 31, 2021, includes debt of consolidated investment entities primarily related to real estate investments of $1.9 billion and other securitization vehicles of $4.5 billion. at december 31, 2020, includes debt of consolidated investment entities related to real estate investments of $3.1 billion, affordable housing partnership investments of $2.3 billion and other securitization vehicles of $4.0 billion.
debt maturities the following table summarizes maturing long-term debt at december 31, 2021 of aig for the next four quarters:
for additional information on debt outstanding see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources credit ratings credit ratings estimate a company's ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and availability of financing to that company. the following table presents the credit ratings of aig and certain of its subsidiaries as of the date of this filing. figures in parentheses indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency's rating categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.
moody's          s&amp;p          moody's(a)         s&amp;p(b)        fitch(c)
/ stable outlook   creditwatch       rating watch negative          negative aig financial products corp.(d)      p-2              a-2              baa 2 (4th of 9)   bbb+
/ stable outlook   creditwatch negative
(a) moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show relative position within the rating categories.
(b) s&p ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
(c) fitch ratings inc. (fitch) ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
these credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. they may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances. ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. for a discussion of rating agency actions in response to aig's announced intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig, see rating agency actions related to the announced separation of life and retirement below.
we are party to some agreements that contain "ratings triggers." depending on the ratings maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i) the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties.
in the event of a downgrade of aig's long-term senior debt ratings, aig financial products corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively aigfp) and certain other aig entities would be required to post additional collateral under some derivative and other transactions, or certain of the counterparties of aigfp or of such other aig entities would be permitted to terminate such transactions early.
the actual amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the downgrade.
for information regarding the effects of downgrades in our credit ratings see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements and part i, item 1a. risk factors - liquidity, capital and credit - "a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity".
148 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources financial strength ratings financial strength ratings estimate an insurance company's ability to pay its obligations under an insurance policy. the following table presents the ratings of our significant insurance subsidiaries as of the date of this filing.
a.m. best   s&amp;p   fitch   moody's
national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa.       a           a+        a       a2
the variable annuity life insurance company                    a           a+        a+      a2
united states life insurance company in the city of new york   a           a+        a+      a2
these financial strength ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. they may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances.
for a discussion of the effects of downgrades in our financial strength ratings see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements and part i, item 1a. risk factors - liquidity, capital and credit - "a downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the insurer financial strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity".
rating agency actions related to the announced separation of life and retirement on october 26, 2020, aig announced its intention to separate its life and retirement business from aig. on november 2, 2021, aig and blackstone completed the acquisition by blackstone of a 9.9 percent equity stake in safg. in response to such announcements, the rating agencies in the tables above took the following actions:
 on october 27, 2020, a.m. best issued a comment stating that its financial strength and issuer credit ratings on aig and subsidiaries are unchanged as a result of the announcement. on october 7, 2021, a.m. best affirmed all of the financial strength and issuer credit ratings of aig and subsidiaries with stable outlooks.
 on october 28, 2020, fitch placed the credit ratings of aig on "rating watch negative." fitch also affirmed the financial strength ratings and outlooks on aig's insurance subsidiaries.
 on october 28, 2020, moody's placed the debt ratings of aig on review for downgrade. moody's also affirmed the financial strength ratings and outlooks on aig's insurance subsidiaries. on july 15, 2021, moody's lowered its debt ratings of aig to baa2 from baa1 and assigned a stable outlook. moody's also revised the outlook on the a2 financial strength ratings of the life and retirement subsidiaries to negative from stable. the ratings of the general insurance subsidiaries were unaffected by these announcements.
 on october 27, 2020, s&p placed the credit ratings of aig and the financial strength ratings of most of the general insurance subsidiaries on creditwatch with negative implications. s&p also placed the financial strength ratings of the life and retirement subsidiaries on creditwatch with developing implications.
regulation and supervision for information regarding our regulation and supervision by different regulatory authorities in the united states and abroad, including with respect to our liquidity and capital resources see part 1, item 1. business - regulation and item 1a. risk factors - regulation.
table of contents item 7 | liquidity and capital resources dividends the following table presents declaration date, record date, payment date and dividends paid per common share on aig common stock in the twelve months ended december 31, 2021:
the following table presents declaration date, record date, payment date and dividends paid per preferred share and per depository share on the series a preferred stock in the twelve months ended december 31, 2021:
declaration date    record date         payment date                per preferred share          per depositary share november 4, 2021    november 30, 2021   december 15, 2021                      $365.625                     $0.365625
during 2021, aig parent repurchased approximately 50 million shares of aig common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $2.6 billion, including approximately $6 million of shares purchased from certain life and retirement companies. pursuant to an exchange act rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan, from january 1, 2022 to february 15, 2022, we repurchased approximately $522 million of additional shares of aig common stock. as of february 15, 2022, approximately $3.4 billion remained under the share repurchase authorization.
shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise. certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be effected through the exchange act rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. the timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors, as discussed further in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
dividend restrictions payments of dividends to aig by its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities.
150 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management enterprise risk management risk management includes the identification and measurement of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns. we consider risk management an integral part of managing our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance.
overview we have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm-wide risk appetite. our board of directors has oversight responsibility for the management of risk. our enterprise risk management department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of aig's major risk positions. within each business unit, senior leaders and executives approve targeted risk tolerances within the framework provided by erm. erm supports our businesses and management by embedding risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying, monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the risks taken by our businesses and aig overall. nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur.
aig employs a three lines of defense model. aig's business leaders assume full accountability for the risks and controls in their operating units, and erm performs a review, challenge and oversight function. the third line consists of our internal audit group that provides independent assurance for aig's board of directors.
risk governance structure our risk governance structure fosters the development and maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions. accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. we review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern both our risks and risk-taking activities.
our board of directors oversees the management of risk through its risk and capital committee (rcc) and audit committee. these committees regularly interact with other committees of the board of directors which are further described below. our chief risk officer (cro) reports to both the rcc and our chairman and chief executive officer.
the group risk committee (grc): the grc is the senior management group responsible for assessing all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial strength and reputation. the grc is chaired by our cro. our cro reports periodically on behalf of the grc to both the rcc and the audit committee of the board of directors. our cro is also a member of the executive leadership team providing erm the opportunity to contribute to, review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy.
management committees that support the grc are described below. these committees are comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions and business units throughout aig and its subsidiaries. these committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within their respective mandates. in addition, various working groups are in place in support of the grc to manage and monitor the various risks across the organization.
financial risk group (frg): the frg is responsible for the oversight of financial risks taken by aig and our subsidiaries. its mandate includes overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as well as asset-liability management, derivatives activity, and foreign exchange transactions. it provides the primary corporate-level review function for all proposed transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory risks. the frg is chaired by our cro. membership of the frg also includes our cfo, chief investment officer and treasurer.
business unit risk committees: each of our major insurance businesses have established a risk committee that serves as the senior management committee responsible for risk oversight at the individual business unit level. the risk committees are responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within their respective portfolios. specific responsibilities include setting risk tolerances or limits, reviewing the capital allocation framework, considering insurance portfolio optimization, decisions with material impact on the risk profile and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. in performing these responsibilities, the business unit risk committees may leverage input provided by other business unit committees and working groups.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management in addition to the above, where needed and appropriate, there are risk committees at the legal entity level that support the business unit risk committees in executing their duties. these duties include ensuring policies are adhered to and transactions are within the aig risk appetite and have appropriate operational controls or plans for establishing such controls within a reasonable amount of time, as well as ensuring appropriate risk governance at the legal entity level.
risk appetite, limits, identification and measurement risk appetite framework our risk appetite framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. we balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our shareholders. the framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors and a set of supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our risk profile and financial resources.
we articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk tolerances and thresholds on capital and liquidity measures. these measures are set at the aig parent level as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios. we must comply with standards for capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations as they come due in accordance with our capital management and liquidity management policies. our risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. the grc routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk tolerances. a consolidated risk report is also presented periodically to the rcc by our cro.
152 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management risk limits a key component of our risk appetite framework is having a process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate tolerances and limits on the material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates the monitoring and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. framework objectives include:
 establishing risk monitoring, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely oversight and enforceability of limits;
 defining a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance; and
 aligning our business activities with our risk appetite statement.
to support the monitoring and management of aig's and its business units' material risks, erm has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy:
 board-level risk tolerances are aig's aggregate consolidated capital and liquidity limits. they define the minimum level of consolidated capital and liquidity that we should maintain. these board-level risk tolerances are approved by the board of directors and monitored by the rcc.
 aig management level limits are risk type specific limits at the aig consolidated level. these limits are approved by our cro with consultation from the grc.
 business unit and legal entity level limits are set to address key risks identified for the business unit and legal entities, protect capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal entity specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. these limits are defined by the business unit and legal entity risk officers.
all limits are reviewed by the grc or relevant business unit risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved by those committees.
the business units are responsible for measuring and monitoring their risk exposures. erm is responsible for monitoring compliance with limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and risk committees. limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or materiality.
risk identification and measurement we conduct risk identification through a number of processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our material risks. a key initiative is our integrated bottom-up risk identification and assessment process which is conducted down to the product-line level. in addition, we perform an annual top-down risk assessment to identify top risks and assign owners to ensure these risks are appropriately addressed and managed. these processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization.
we employ various approaches to measure, monitor and manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early warning indicators. we use a proprietary internal capital and stress testing framework to measure our quantifiable risks.
the internal capital framework quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence interval, after taking into account diversification benefits between risk factors and business lines. we leverage the internal capital framework to help inform our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and capital allocation for our businesses.
the stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risks in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and risks to aig consolidated capital. the framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and under different levels of stress, and includes multi-factor stresses as well as single factor sensitivities that are designed to reflect aig's risk characteristics. we use this information to support the assessment of resources needed at the aig parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target capitalization levels.
credit risk management                        liquidity risk management                     insurance risks
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management credit risk management overview credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations when they become due. credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty's credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads.
we devote considerable resources to managing our direct and indirect credit exposures. these exposures may arise from, but are not limited to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance and retrocessional insurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and certain general insurance businesses.
governance our credit risks are managed by teams of credit professionals, subject to erm oversight and various control processes. their primary role is to ensure appropriate credit risk management in accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk parameters. erm is primarily responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework, which includes the following elements related to our credit risks:
 developing and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures;
 approving delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified credit professionals;
 developing methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process;
 managing a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may exist or be incurred;
 evaluating, monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations regularly with senior management; and
 approving appropriate credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments and corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios.
we monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. to minimize the level of credit risk in some circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third-party guarantees, reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit and trust collateral accounts. we treat these guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure data. we also closely monitor the quality of any trust collateral accounts.
for additional information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures see investments - credit ratings - available-for-sale investments.
our credit risk management framework incorporates the following elements:
risk identification                                                                                                              including the ongoing capture and monitoring of all existing, contingent, potential and emerging credit risk exposures, whether funded or unfunded
risk measurement                            comprising risk ratings, default probabilities, loss given default and expected loss parameters, exposure calculations, stress testing and other risk analytics risk limits                                 including, but not limited to, a system of single obligor or risk group-based aig-wide house limits and sub-limits for corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and sub-sovereigns when appropriate and a defined process for identifying, evaluating, documenting and approving, if appropriate, breaches of and exceptions to such limits risk delegations                            a comprehensive credit risk delegation framework to authorized credit professionals throughout the company risk evaluation, monitoring and reporting   including the ongoing analysis and assessment of credit risks, trending of those risks and reporting of other key risk metrics and limits, as may be required credit reserving                            including but not limited to development of a proper framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate identification of (i) reserves for credit losses and (ii) other-than-temporary impairments for securities portfolios
154 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management market risk management overview market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their respective levels of volatility.
we are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and other financial services businesses that expose us to market risk, directly and indirectly. we are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and capital markets activities, on both the asset and the liability sides of our balance sheet through on- and off-balance sheet exposures. within each business, the risk officer is responsible for creating a framework for proper identification of market risks, and ensuring that the risks are appropriately measured, monitored and managed, and are in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the cro.
the scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that contains defined risk limits and minimum standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our risk appetite statement. our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in the above mentioned market risk drivers.
many of our market risk exposures, including exposures to changes in levels of interest rates and equity prices, are associated with the asset and liability exposures of our life and retirement companies. these exposures are generally long-term in nature. examples of liability-related exposures include interest rate sensitive surrenders in our fixed deferred annuity product portfolio. also, we have equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity product portfolio. these interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures are regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted above.
governance market risk is overseen at the corporate level within erm through the cro. the cro is supported by a dedicated team of professionals within erm. market risk is managed by our finance, treasury and investment management corporate functions, collectively, and in partnership with erm. the cro is responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management framework that includes the following key components:
 written policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management;
 a limit framework that aligns with our board-approved risk appetite statement;
 independent measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and enterprise-wide market risks; and
 clearly defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities related to market risk management.
these components facilitate the cro's identification, measurement, monitoring, reporting and management of our market risks.
risk identification market risk focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market-observable variables. financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital of aig.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management each of the following systemic risks is considered a market risk:
equity prices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               we are exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of instruments. changes in equity prices can affect the valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, alternative risk premia investment strategies, and other equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities, indexed universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.
residential and commercial real estate values   our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate investments. changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can affect the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage-backed securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include residential/commercial mortgages, trusts that include residential/commercial real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage insurance and reinsurance contracts and commercial real estate investments.
interest rates                                  interest rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. lower interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make some of our product offerings less attractive to investors. conversely, higher interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. however, when rates rise quickly, there can be an asymmetric gaap accounting effect where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported through other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of certain liabilities may not be recognized. changes in interest rates can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance contracts including but not limited to universal life, fixed rate annuities, variable annuities and derivative contracts. additionally, for variable annuity, index annuity, and equity indexed universal life products, deviations in actual versus expected policyholder behavior can be driven by fluctuations in various market variables, including interest rates. policies with guaranteed living benefit options or riders are also subject to the risk of actual benefit utilization being different than expected.
credit spreads                                  credit spreads measure an instrument's risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default-free instrument. changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, asset backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, aig-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives, derivative credit valuation adjustments and economic valuation of insurance liabilities. much like higher interest rates, wider credit spreads paired with unchanged expectations about default losses imply higher investment income in the long term. in the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely reported through other comprehensive income. a precipitous widening of credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses.
foreign exchange (fx) rates                     we are a globally diversified enterprise with income, assets and liabilities denominated in, and capital deployed in, a variety of currencies. changes in fx rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific transactions.
commodity prices                                changes in commodity prices (the value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly-traded commodities, commodity indices, derivatives on commodities and commodity indices, and other commodity-linked investments and insurance contracts. we are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices and credit quality of commodity producers' debt and equity securities in our investment portfolio.
inflation                                       changes in inflation can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including aig-issued debt obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels.
156 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management risk measurement our market risk measurement framework was developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk exposures. at the firm-wide level, market risk is measured in a manner that is consistent with aig's risk appetite statement. this is designed to ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our framework. the framework measures our overall exposure to change in each of the systemic market risk factors on an economic basis.
in addition, we monitor risks through multiple lenses that include economic, gaap and statutory reporting frameworks at various levels of business consolidation. this process aims to establish a comprehensive coverage of potential implications from adverse market risk developments.
sensitivity analysis   measures the impact from a unit change in a market risk input                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           •
a one basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, •
a one basis point increase in credit spreads of fixed maturity securities, and •
a one percent increase in prices of equity securities.
a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world-wide equity markets. scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive at a probability distribution of losses.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management market risk sensitivities the following table provides estimates of sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates on our financial instruments and excludes approximately $178.1 billion and $174.2 billion as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020 respectively, of insurance liabilities. aig believes that the interest rate sensitivities of these insurance and other liabilities serve as an offset to the net interest rate risk of the financial assets presented in the table below. in addition, the table excludes $37.4 billion of interest rate sensitive assets and $1.8 billion of equity and alternative investments supporting the fortitude re funds withheld arrangements as the contractual returns related to the assets are transferred to fortitude re, as well as $40.6 billion of related funds withheld payables.
sensitivity factor                                                                               100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves interest rate sensitive assets:
fixed maturity securities                            $248,632                   $239,694                  $(17,017)                   $(15,325)
equity contracts                                          628                        907                             (228)                       (392)
total interest rate sensitive assets                 $290,024    (b)            $279,167   (b)            $(20,877)                   $(19,553)
interest rate sensitive liabilities:
policyholder contract deposits:
variable annuity and other embedded derivatives                                           (9,736)                    (9,797)                             2,550                       2,675
total interest rate sensitive liabilities          $(163,065)                 $(164,748)                  $15,108                     $16,100
sensitivity factor                                                                                        20% decline in stock prices and alternative investments derivatives:
equity contracts(d)                                      $628                       $908                  $542                        $440
equity and alternative investments:
private equity                                          7,533                      6,294                           (1,507)                     (1,259)
common equity                                             728                      1,042                             (146)                       (208)
total derivatives, equity and alternative investments                                           $14,555                    $18,838                  $(2,244)                    $(3,145)
policyholder contract deposits:
variable annuity and other embedded derivatives(d)                              $(9,736)                   $(9,797)                  $(269)                      $(59)
total liability                                      $(9,736)                   $(9,797)                  $(269)                      $(59)
sensitivity factor                                                                                        10% depreciation of all foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar foreign currency-denominated net asset position:
great britain pound                                    $1,046                     $1,281                  $(105)                      $(128)
total foreign currency-denominated net asset position(e)                                      $3,657                     $4,061                  $(367)                      $(406)
158 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management
(a) the economic effect is the difference between the estimated fair value and the effect of a 100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves on the estimated fair value. the estimated fair values for mortgage and other loans receivable, policyholder contract deposits (investment-type contracts) and long-term debt were $45.7 billion, $143.1 billion and $25.7 billion at december 31, 2021, respectively. the estimated fair values for mortgage and other loans receivable, policyholder contract deposits (investment-type contracts) and long-term debt were $45.1 billion, $144.6 billion and $31.2 billion at december 31, 2020, respectively.
(b) at december 31, 2021, the analysis covered $290.0 billion of $331.5 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. as indicated above, excluded were $33.7 billion and $3.6 billion of fixed maturity securities and loans, respectively, supporting the fortitude re funds withheld arrangements. in addition, $2.3 billion of loans and $2.0 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. at december 31, 2020, the analysis covered $279.2 billion of $324.0 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. as indicated above, excluded were $36.2 billion and $3.6 billion of fixed maturity securities and loans, respectively, supporting the fortitude re funds withheld arrangements. in addition, $3.4 billion of loans and $1.6 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations.
(d) the balance sheet exposures for equity contracts and variable annuity and other embedded derivatives are also reflected under "interest rate sensitive liabilities" above, and are not additive.
(e) the majority of the foreign currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.
the sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of our future financial performance. we cannot ensure that actual financial impacts in any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated above.
interest rate sensitivity is defined as change in value with respect to a 100 basis point parallel shift up in the interest rate environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base value, where base value is the value under the yield curves as of the period end and scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis point parallel increase in all yield curves.
we evaluate our interest rate risk without considering effects of correlation of changes in levels of interest rate with other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the values of our financial assets and liabilities. this scenario does not measure changes in values resulting from non-parallel shifts in the yield curves, which could produce different results.
we evaluate our equity price risk without considering effects of correlation of changes in equity prices with other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the values of our financial assets and liabilities. the stress scenario does not reflect the impact of basis risk, such as projections about the future performance of the underlying contract holder funds and actual fund returns, which we use as a basis for developing our hedging strategy.
foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our aggregated non-u.s. dollar assets less our aggregated non-u.s. dollar liabilities on a gaap basis, with certain adjustments. we use a bottom-up approach in managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of protecting statutory surplus at the regulated insurance entity level. at the aig consolidated level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits.
for illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point parallel increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equity prices and prices of alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar.
risk monitoring and limits the risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. such activities must be reported to the erm market risk team by the relevant business unit. this monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.
to control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a three-tiered hierarchy of limits that are closely monitored by erm and reported to our cro, senior management and risk committees.
for additional information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see risk appetite, limits, identification and measurement - risk limits.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management liquidity risk management overview liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations as they come due. failure to appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action.
aig and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient liquidity both during the normal course of business and under defined liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the obligations as they come due.
aig parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow us to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. we maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under stress conditions. if we project that we could breach these tolerances, we assess and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. however, market or other conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements.
governance liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level within erm. the cro has responsibility for the oversight of the liquidity risk management framework and delegates the day-to-day implementation of this framework to the aig treasurer. our treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to erm oversight and various control processes.
the liquidity risk management framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the board-approved risk appetite statement. the principal objective of this framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed conditions.
our liquidity risk management framework includes liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address aig-specific, broader industry and market-related liquidity events.
risk identification the following sources of liquidity and funding risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.
market/monetization risk   assets may not be readily transformed into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. market liquidity risk may limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values or necessary volumes to meet liquidity needs. unfavorable market conditions could arise from credit deterioration, volatile interest rates, shocks in commodity prices or inflation, foreign exchange risk, equity volatility as well as adverse shocks in housing, employment, trade or other underlying market factors.
cash flow mismatch risk    discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls.
event funding risk         additional funding may be required as the result of a trigger event. event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates a funding obligation or limits existing funding options.
financing risk             we may be unable to raise additional cash on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, aig-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding.
risk measurement comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. we produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and likely cash inflows and outflows. in addition, we perform stress testing by identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity.
160 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management we use a number of approaches to measure our liquidity risk exposure, including:
minimum liquidity limits                                                                           minimum liquidity limits specify the amount of asset liquidity required to be maintained in order to meet obligations as they arise over a specified time horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.
coverage ratios            coverage ratios measure the adequacy of available liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize assets to meet the forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. the portfolio of assets is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash under the assumed stressed conditions and within the specified time horizon.
cash flow forecasts        cash flow forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon.
stress testing             asset liquidity and coverage ratios are re-measured under defined liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets and/or other funding sources.
relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported regularly to aig parent and business unit risk committees. the frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size.
operational risk management overview operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or from external events. operational risk includes legal, regulatory, technology, compliance, third-party and business continuity risks, but excludes business and strategy risks.
operational risk is inherent in each of our business units and functions and can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies and operational and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships.
governance aig and its consolidated subsidiaries establish and maintain operational risk and controls governance forums that include representatives from the relevant business units and functions to appropriately manage significant operational risk exposures.
operational risk is overseen at the corporate level within erm through the head of governance and operational controls. the head of governance and operational controls is responsible for the development and maintenance of the operational risk framework that includes policies, standards and deployment of systems.
risk identification, measurement and monitoring the operational risk management (orm) function within erm oversees adherence to the operational risk policy and risk and control framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, measurement, management and monitoring of operational risk exposures. orm supports the head of governance and operational controls and has responsibility to provide an aggregate view of our operational risk profile. in line with the three lines of defense model, the orm program includes, but is not limited to, several key components outlined below:
 risk event capture - enables every employee to identify, document, and escalate operational risk events, with a view to enhancing processes, promoting lessons learned and embedding a culture of risk management.
 risk assessments - allows for the assessment, measurement and management of the key operational risks within our business units and helps inform on the efficacy of our control environment.
 key risk indicators - enhances the ongoing monitoring and mitigation of operational risks and facilitate risk reporting.
 issues management - enables a consistent tracking and remediation of issues across the firm, including policy and process exceptions, control deficiencies and findings from risk and control assessment activities.
 scenario analyses - executed by first- and second-line professionals to identify potential risks that could result in financial losses to the firm and support the prioritization of operational risk treatment.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management orm, working together with other control and assurance functions (e.g., compliance, financial controls unit / sarbanes oxley, enterprise resiliency, and internal audit) through the risk and control framework, provides an independent view of operational risks for each business, and works with the business units, corporate functions, and the first line risk and control owners. the first line responsibilities include coordinating identification, assessment, control and mitigation of risks to the operating environment and promoting awareness to facilitate implementation of the above programs. this includes coverage of operational risks related to core insurance activities, corporate functions, investing, model risk, technology, third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory matters. based on the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts above, business leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified issues in line with our risk-monitoring procedures. governance committees support these efforts and promote transparency enabling improved management decision making.
the risk and control framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk issues and is designed to:
ensure first line accountability and ownership of risks and controls;
promote role clarity among the business and risk and control functions;
proactively address potential risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for risk treatment; and
cybersecurity risk cybersecurity risk is an important, constant, and evolving focus for aig and the insurance and financial services industries in general. the goal of unauthorized parties, using a variety of attack methods, is to gain access to aig's data and systems to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. aig, like other global companies, continues to witness the increased sophistication and activities of unauthorized parties attempting cyber and other computer-related penetrations such as "denial of service" attacks, phishing, untargeted but sophisticated and automated attacks, and other disruptive software in an effort to compromise systems, networks and obtain sensitive information. cybersecurity risks may also derive from unintentional human error or intentional malice on the part of aig employees or third parties who have authorized access to aig's systems or information.
erm works closely with and supports the risk management practices of information technology, the information security office and the business units and functions that form the lines of defense against the cybersecurity risks that we face. this includes the risks that emerge as a result of the execution of our business strategies and our corresponding exposure to new products, clients, service providers, industry segments and regions. aig seeks to mitigate these risks through initiatives such as investments in technological infrastructure, education and training for employees and vendors, and monitoring of industry developments. as part of our overarching cybersecurity strategy, erm monitors and assesses the programs designed to remediate our exposures and enhance our systems and applications security.
aig's board of directors is regularly briefed by management on aig's cybersecurity matters, including threats, policies, practices and ongoing efforts to improve security. as part of our disclosure controls and procedures, the cyber incident management team, a cross functional group, is responsible for ensuring that the members of management responsible for disclosure controls are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations so that timely notifications and public disclosures can be made as appropriate. there is no guarantee that the measures aig takes and the resources aig devotes to protect against cybersecurity risk will provide absolute security or recoverability of aig's systems given the complexity and frequency of the risk which aig may not always be able to anticipate or adequately address. for additional information regarding the privacy data protection and cybersecurity regulations to which we are subject, see part i, item 1. business - regulation - u.s. regulation - privacy, data protection and cybersecurity and - international regulation - privacy, data protection and cybersecurity. for additional discussion of cybersecurity risks, see part i, item 1a. risk factors - business and operations.
162 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management insurance risks overview insurance risk is defined as the risk of actual claims experience and/or policyholder behavior being materially different than initially expected at the inception of an insurance contract. uncertainties related to insurance risk can lead to deviations in magnitude and/or timing of prospective cash flows associated with our liabilities compared to what we expected.
except as described above, we manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. a primary goal in managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. to achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.
we operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. we manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of processes and procedures, including, but not limited to:
 pricing and risk selection models including regular monitoring;
 underwriting approval processes and authorities;
 modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and catastrophic risk events);
 review and challenge of reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established escalation procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving decisions and judgments made in the establishment of reserves;
 management of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging;
 actuarial profitability and reserve reviews; and
 experience monitoring and assumption updates.
we closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each underwritten line of business, concentrations in industries, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the premiums we charge for taking on the risk. we analyze concentrations of risks using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions (stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches.
governance insurance risks are monitored at the business unit level and overseen by the business unit's chief risk officer. as part of our established governance practices, key decisions and considerations related to insurance risks can, and in certain instances, must be raised and deferred for discussion and consideration to the business unit's risk committees that are chaired by the business unit's chief risk officer. in addition, in some business units, pricing committees review insurance risk considerations associated with pricing of new insurance products. the insurance risk oversight framework includes the following key components:
 articulation of risk appetite by line of business that integrates strategy, financial objectives and capital resources;
 written policies that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;
 a limit / threshold framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our board-approved risk appetite statement;
 clearly defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities related to insurance risk management;
 identification of client segments that meet our selection criteria and a focus on distribution channels that target these customers; and
 underwriting and claims quality/compliance reviews.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management risk identification
 general insurance companies - risks covered include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation, mortgage insurance, professional liability, cyber and management liability. we manage risks in the general insurance business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at multiple levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal entity.
 life and retirement companies - risks include mortality and morbidity in the individual and group life insurance and health coverage products, longevity risk in the individual retirement, group retirement and institutional markets products, and policyholder behavior across all product lines. we manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting, reinsurance and at times hedging instruments in the market.
we purchase reinsurance for our insurance and reinsurance operations. reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. we may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks.
risk measurement, monitoring and limits we use a number of approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure, including:
sensitivity analysis. deterministic analyses are used to measure statistical variances from best estimate assumptions on important risk factors, as well as different distributions risk categories.stochastic methods. stochastic methods are used to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and premium risk. we develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk. in addition, stochastic methods are used to measure risks of impacts of policyholder behavior on values of options and guarantees offered across annuity and life insurance products.scenario analysis. scenario or deterministic analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism and pandemic or to estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios.experience studies. ongoing assessment of mortality, longevity, morbidity and policyholder behavior experience relative to that assumed in pricing and valuation and that experienced in the general market.
additionally, there are risk-specific assessment tools, both internal and third-party, in place to better manage the variety of insurance risks to which we are exposed.
we monitor concentrations of exposure through insurance limits and thresholds aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or counterparty.
the risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. such activities are reported to management by all business units for informative decision-making on a regular basis. this monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. risk limits have a consistent framework used across aig, its business units, and legal entities.
for additional information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see risk appetite, limits, identification and measurement - risk limits.
general insurance companies' key risks we manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. this management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance. underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes or societal trends.
164 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management for general insurance companies, risks primarily include the following:
 loss reserves - the potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the general insurance companies. there is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive the ultimate development of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. we manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts. for further information see critical accounting estimates - loss reserves.
 underwriting - the potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the general insurance companies' ability to achieve an underwriting profit. we develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to generate underwriting profit. this may be driven by adverse economic conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of claims, or unexpected or increased costs or expenses.
 single risk loss exposure - our business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses from a single insured client. events such as fires or explosions can result in loss activity for our clients. the net risk to us is managed to acceptable limits established by the chief underwriting officer through a combination of internal underwriting standards and external reinsurance. furthermore, single risk loss exposure is managed and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis.
 reinsurance - since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers due to either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different than anticipated. the inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework.
natural catastrophe risk we manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate probable maximum loss (pml) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, modifying our gross underwriting standards, and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in addition to other reinsurance protections.
we use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. we apply adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks.
we perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model inefficiencies, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities. lessons learned from post-catastrophe event studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting processes of risk pricing and selection. the majority of policies exposed to catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust our underwriting guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policies to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we provide insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change. our internal product development, underwriting, and modeling, will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.
our natural catastrophe exposure to primary modeled perils is principally driven by the u.s. and secondarily japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple countries and perils. we have exposures to additional perils such as european windstorms and wildfire exposures across multiple countries. within the u.s., we have significant hurricane exposure in florida, the gulf of mexico, the northeast u.s. and mid-atlantic regions and significant earthquake exposure in california and the pacific northwest regions. earthquakes impacting the pacific northwest region may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share of exposure in these regions. additionally, we have significant gross wildfire exposures in california.
the table below details our modeled estimates of pml, net of reinsurance, on an annual aggregate basis. the 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 pmls are the annual aggregate probable maximum losses with probability of 1 percent and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively. estimates as of december 31, 2021 reflect our in-force portfolio for exposures as of october 1, 2021 and all inuring reinsurance covers as of december 31, 2021, except for the catastrophe reinsurance programs, which are as of january 1, 2022.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management the following table presents an overview of annual aggregate modeled losses for world-wide all perils and exposures arising from our largest primarily modeled perils:
(in millions)                              reinsurance         reinsurance, after tax(f)   shareholder equity exposures:
(f) taxed at the statutory tax rate of 21 percent for both the u.s. and japanese modeled losses. the majority of japan exposures are ceded to our u.s. pool.
aig, along with other property casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, uses industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. the use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the projected losses. since there is no industry standard for assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, our modeled losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies.
also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements. however, reinsurance recoverables may not be fully collectible. therefore, these estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our net exposure, inclusive of credit risk, to these events.
our 2022 property catastrophe reinsurance program is a worldwide program providing both aggregate and per occurrence protection, with differing per occurrence and aggregate attachment points for north america, japan, and rest of world (for these purposes, hawaii is included in rest of world and mexico and the caribbean are included in north america). the program includes $1.0 billion of per occurrence limit that is shared across the regional towers, as well as $1.1 billion of aggregate limit that is also shared across the regional towers.
 $1.275 billion of per occurrence protection, the first $275 million of which is partially placed, covering our u.s and caribbean personal lines business, with varying attachment points in specific geographies and for specific perils ranging from $50 million to $150 million
 per occurrence protection of up to $1.75 billion (inclusive of the shared per occurrence limit) excess of $250 million, primarily covering commercial exposures but also personal lines exposures not covered by the above personal lines protection
 aggregate protection utilizing the $1.1 billion of shared limit attaching excess $400 million with per occurrence deductibles of $25 million or $50 million, depending on region/event, primarily covering commercial exposures our coverage for exposure outside north america includes:
 japan per occurrence coverage of $1.45 billion (inclusive of the shared per occurrence limit) excess of $200 million and includes both personal and commercial exposure
 rest of world per occurrence coverage of $1.3 billion (inclusive of the shared per occurrence limit) excess of $100 million, including both personal and commercial exposure
 rest of world and japan $1.1 billion of aggregate shared limit attaching excess of $100 million and $200 million, respectively, with per occurrence deductibles of $20 million although the $1.1 billion of aggregate shared limit coverage for north america, japan and rest of world has varying retentions per region, the maximum aggregate retention globally, after the impact of the per occurrence deductibles, is $600 million for 2022.
we have also purchased property per risk covers that provide protection against large losses globally, which include those emanating from non-critical catastrophe events (all events except for named windstorm and earthquake) globally as well as critical catastrophe events (named windstorm and earthquake) outside north america.
166 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management for validus re, our catastrophe protection comes from a variety of reinsurance protections but is largely providing $400 million of per occurrence limit in excess of a $150 million retention for us windstorm and earthquake, $150 million of per occurrence limit in excess of a $200 million retention for europe, japan and other us perils and in excess of $125 million retention for rest of the world perils. further to the occurrence protection, there is $175 million of limit in excess of a $350 million retention (subject to per event caps) placed on a worldwide aggregate excess of loss cover and $400 million of limit excess $550 million on an aggregate index basis via the renewed tailwind re cat bond which covers u.s., puerto rico and canada named storm losses.
actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios. the occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
for additional information see also part 1, item 1a. risk factors - reserves and exposures.
terrorism risk we actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks. we have set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the general insurance companies' exposures. examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks.
our largest terrorism concentrations are in new york city, and estimated losses are largely driven by the property and workers' compensation lines of business. at our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act (tripra) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $1.3 billion based on the exposures as of october 1, 2021.
our exposure to terrorism risk in the u.s. is mitigated by tripra in addition to limited private reinsurance protections. tripra covers certified terrorist attacks within the united states or u.s. missions and against certain u.s. carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by applicable law. in 2021, tripra covers 80 percent of insured losses above a deductible. the current estimate of our deductible is approximately $1.7 billion for 2021.
we offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. international terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. targeted reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks. we also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-u.s. jurisdictions.
life and retirement companies' key risks we manage risk through product design, experience monitoring, pricing and underwriting discipline, risk limits and thresholds, reinsurance and active monitoring and management of the alignment between risk and cash flow profiles of assets and liabilities, and hedging instruments.
 longevity risk - represents the risk of an increase in liabilities associated with an insurance product, e.g. an annuity policy or a payout benefit as a result of actual mortality experience being lower than the expected mortality experience. this risk could arise from medical advancement and longer-term societal health changes. this risk exists in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our annuity products.
 morbidity risk - represents the risk arising from actual morbidity (e.g. illness, disability or disease) incidence rate being higher than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than expected resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. this risk could arise from longer-term medical advances in detection and treatment for various diseases and medical conditions resulting in higher claim amounts. this risk exists in a number of our product lines such as individual and group accident and health and long-term care businesses which for the most part are in run-off, and ceded to fortitude re.
 mortality (including pandemic) risk - represents the risk of unexpected loss arising from current actual mortality experience being higher than expected mortality experience. this risk could arise from pandemics or other events, including longer-term societal changes that cause higher-than-expected current mortality. this risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most significant for our life insurance products.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management
 policyholder behavior risk (including full and partial surrender/lapses) - represents the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a manner that has an adverse effect on our operating results. there are many related assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will persist and other assumptions which impact the expected utilization of contract benefits, options and guarantees. actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions. this risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in personal policyholder situations and market conditions, especially changes in the levels of yields, equity prices, tax law, regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder preferences. this risk exists in many of our product lines, but most notably within the annuity and individual life portfolio of business.
the emergence of significant adverse experience compared to the experience we expected and priced for could require an adjustment to benefit reserves and/or dac, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations for a particular period.
for additional information on the impact of actual and expected experience on dac and benefit reserves see critical accounting estimates - future policy benefit reserves for life and accident and health insurance contracts and critical accounting estimates - liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products. for additional information on business risks see part i, item 1a. risk factors - business and operations.
variable annuity, index annuity and universal life risk management and hedging programs our individual and group retirement businesses offer variable and index annuity products with guaranteed living benefit (glb) riders that guarantee a certain level of lifetime benefits. under gaap rules, variable and certain index annuity glbs are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in other realized gains (losses). glb features subject the life and retirement companies to market risk, including exposure to changes in levels of interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility.
product design is the first step in managing our exposure to these market risks. risk mitigation features of our variable annuity product designs include glb rider fees indexed to a broad equity market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in periods of increased market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and for some of the variable annuity products, the utilization of volatility control funds, which have an ability to adjust equity exposures in these funds in response to changes in market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements.
we utilize asset liability management and hedging programs to manage economic exposure to market risks that are not fully mitigated through product designs. our hedging program is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of embedded derivatives associated with our variable annuity, index annuity and index universal life liabilities, within established thresholds. the hedging program is designed to provide additional protection against large and combined movements in levels of interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under multiple scenarios.
our hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the underlying economic risks in the embedded derivatives. for example, for variable annuity glbs, the hedge targets are calculated as a difference between present value of the future expected benefit payments for the glb and the present value of future glb rider fees, with present values determined over numerous equally weighted stochastic scenarios. this stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization) in conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate option prices. policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare current assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made to the policyholder behavior assumptions. the risk of changes in policyholder behavior is not explicitly hedged, and such differences between expected and actual policyholder behaviors will result in hedge ineffectiveness.
due to differences between the calculation of the value of the economic hedge target and the u.s. gaap valuation of the embedded derivative, which include differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements in the economic hedge target and the u.s. gaap embedded derivative valuation will vary over time with changes in levels of equity markets, interest rates, credit spreads and volatility.
for information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the valuation of the embedded derivatives see insurance reserves - life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and dac - variable annuity guaranteed benefits and hedging results.
168 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management in designing the hedging portfolio for our variable annuity hedging program, we make assumptions that are used in projections of future performance of the underlying mutual funds elected by the variable annuity policyholders. we use these assumptions to project future policy level account value changes. we map the mutual funds to a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best represent the liability to be hedged. basis risk exists due to the variance between funds returns projected under these assumptions and actual fund returns, which may result in variances between changes in the value of the hedging portfolio and changes in the economic value of the hedge liability target. net hedge results and the associated cost of hedging are also impacted by differences between realized volatility and implied volatility.
our hedging programs associated with index annuity and index universal life products, are designed to manage market risk associated with the index crediting strategies offered on these product platforms. these hedging programs are designed to offset the economic risk arising in conjunction with index returns, associated with the crediting strategies that will be occurring during the current crediting rate reset period. similarly, as with the variable annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the value of the economic liability hedge target and the u.s. gaap valuation of the index annuity and index universal life embedded derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative movements.
to manage the capital market exposures embedded within the economic liability hedge targets, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in equity markets, interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit spreads. each hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having sensitivities that offset corresponding sensitivities in the associated economic hedge targets, within internally defined threshold limits. since the relative movements of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits. as such, periodic adjustments are made to the hedging portfolio in order to return the net exposure to within the threshold limits.
our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and swaptions, as well as other hedging instruments. in addition, within the variable annuities hedging program, we purchase certain fixed income securities classified as available for sale. to minimize counterparty credit risk, the majority of the derivative instruments utilized within the hedging programs are cleared through global exchanges. over the counter derivatives utilized within the hedging programs are subject to two-way collateralization, managed under a net zero collateral threshold.
the hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to ensure that the economic liability hedge targets and the associated derivative portfolios stay within the threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedging strategies. in addition, monthly stress tests are performed to determine the program's effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under an array of combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads. finally, hedging strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of our overall risk appetite.
reinsurance activities reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy and mitigate the insurance loss (life and non-life) exposure related to certain events, such as natural and man-made catastrophes, death events, or single policy level events. our subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting and accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those risks exceed the desired retention level. in addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting transactions, we may be required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance entities, such as captives, other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory pools.
 traditional local and global reinsurance markets including those in the united states, bermuda, london and europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance intermediaries;
 capital markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance transactions, such as catastrophe bonds, sidecars and similar vehicles; and
we continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives.
table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from their direct obligations to insureds. however, an effective reinsurance program substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses.
in certain markets, we are required to participate on a proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct writings in those markets. such mandatory reinsurance generally covers higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake, as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers' compensation.
 life and annuity reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves and policyholder contract deposits).
at december 31, 2021, total reinsurance recoverable assets were $74.3 billion. these assets include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $3.3 billion, ceded loss reserves of $35.3 billion including reserves for ibnr claims, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums of $4.3 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverable of $31.4 billion. the methods used to estimate ibnr and to establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple years. these methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. any adjustments are reflected in income. we believe that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at december 31, 2021 reflects a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. actual losses may, however, differ from the reserves currently ceded.
the reinsurance credit department (rcd) conducts periodic detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. the rcd monitors both the financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers, and sets limits with regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. as part of these assessments, we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity and liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. the rcd reviews the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk. for example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs. furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or relevant rbc ratios fall below certain levels. we also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from unexpected events for a reinsurer. in addition, credit executives within erm review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. finally, even where we conclude that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes. at december 31, 2021, we held $77.5 billion of collateral, in the form of funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from unaffiliated reinsurers.
fortitude re                            nr          a                  $34,228                46.1   %            $34,228                    $-
170 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents item 7 | enterprise risk management at december 31, 2021, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. reduced profitability associated with lower interest rates, market volatility and catastrophe losses (including covid-19), could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. the rcd, in conjunction with the credit executives within erm, reviews these developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material risks arising from these developments.
for additional information on reinsurance recoverable see critical accounting estimates - reinsurance assets.
other business risks derivative transactions we utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure associated with changes in levels of interest rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equity prices and other risks. credit risk associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to us. the maximum potential exposure will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a function of maturity and market conditions. all derivative transactions must be transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by erm.
we evaluate counterparty credit quality via an internal analysis that is consistent with the aig credit policy. we utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements and subordination to reduce the credit risk related to outstanding financial derivative transactions. we require credit enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. furthermore, we enter into certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as isda master agreements. these provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. as a result, where a legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair values.
the fair value of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options, swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as a component of other assets, was approximately $0.8 billion at both december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020. where applicable, these amounts have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting agreements.
the following table presents the fair value of our derivatives portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit rating:
for additional information related to derivative transactions see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisition ratio acquisition costs divided by net premiums earned. acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of voba and dac. acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting.
additional premium represents a premium on an insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of the policy. an additional premium may be assessed if the insured's risk is found to have increased significantly.
adjusted revenues exclude net realized gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in other income for gaap purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in net investment income for gaap purposes). adjusted revenues is a gaap measure for our segments.
assets under management include assets in the general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional value of stable value wrap contracts.
attritional losses are losses recorded in the current accident year, which are not catastrophe losses.
base spread net investment income excluding income from alternative investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding amortization of deferred sales inducements.
base yield net investment income excluding income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments, other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value option has been elected.
book value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (aoci) adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets and deferred tax assets (dta) (adjusted book value per common share) is a non-gaap measure and is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-common share basis. adjusted book value per common share is derived by dividing total aig common shareholders' equity, excluding aoci adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets and dta (adjusted common shareholders' equity), by total common shares outstanding.
casualty insurance insurance that is primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.
combined ratio sum of the loss ratio and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios.
csa credit support annex a legal document generally associated with an isda master agreement that provides for collateral postings which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels.
credit valuation adjustment (cva)/non-performance risk adjustment (npa) the cva/npa adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. also, the cva/npa reflects the fair value movement in aigfp's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. finally, the cva/npa also accounts for our own credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability positions and liabilities where aig has elected the fair value option, when appropriate.
dac deferred policy acquisition costs deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business.
172 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents glossary dac related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments an adjustment to dac and reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in dac and unearned revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields. an adjustment to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also recognized to reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated assessments that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.
for long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded.
deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred as a result of past insurable events. if the amount of premium paid by the ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. any related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain if favorable.
dsi deferred sales inducements represents enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and amortized over the life of the contract.
expense ratio sum of acquisition expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned.
general operating expense ratio general operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. general operating expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and bad debt expenses. general operating expenses exclude losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses.
isda master agreement an agreement between two counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions.
lae loss adjustment expenses the expenses directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster's fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs.
loss reserves liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. the estimated ultimate cost of settling claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.
master netting agreement an agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract.
net premiums written represent the sales of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given period. net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk during a given period. net premiums written are a measure of performance for a sales period, while net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a coverage period.
noncontrolling interests the portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent company.
table of contents glossary pool a reinsurance arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage.
premiums and deposits - life and retirement includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts, fhlb funding agreements and mutual funds.
rbc risk-based capital a formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus compared to the risks inherent in its business.
reinstatement premiums additional premiums payable to reinsurers or receivable from insurers to restore coverage limits that have been reduced or exhausted as a result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance contracts.
reinsurance the practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has issued.
return on common equity - adjusted after-tax income excluding aoci adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to fortitude re funds withheld assets and dta (adjusted return on common equity) is a non-gaap measure and is used to show the rate of return on common shareholders' equity. adjusted return on common equity is derived by dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to aig common shareholders by average adjusted common shareholders' equity.
solvency ii legislation in the european union which reforms the insurance industry's solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. the solvency ii directive (2009/138/eec) was adopted on november 25, 2009 and became effective on january 1, 2016.
surrender charge a charge levied against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.
surrender rate represents annualized surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and group retirement mutual fund assets under administration.
unearned premium reserve liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the contract term.
voba value of business acquired present value of projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses.
174 aig | 2021 form 10-k table of contents acronyms acronyms a&amp;h accident and health insurance                     gmwb guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
abs asset-backed securities                                   isda international swaps and derivatives association, inc.