item 1a. risk factors the company's business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and stock price can be negatively affected by many risk factors. investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information in this annual report. the company's past financial performance, including historical trends, should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that we currently consider immaterial may materialize and impair the company's business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and/or stock price. in addition to the risk factor included below related to adverse public health developments and, in particular, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and its effects on public health and the global economy, the company also notes that the effects of the pandemic have and may continue to exacerbate the risks detailed in many of the other risk factors described below.
if actions taken by management to limit, monitor or control enterprise risk exposures are not successful, the company's business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in such case, the trading price of the company's common stock and debt securities could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
risks related to our global operations the company is exposed to political, economic, military and other risks related to operating in countries outside the united states, and changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, u.s. trade policies and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact our business and operating results.
the company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and u.s. economic and geopolitical conditions. during 2021, non-u.s. markets constituted approximately 71% of the company's net sales, with china constituting approximately 28% of the company's net sales. the company employs approximately 90% of its workforce outside the united states. the company's customers are located throughout the world and the company has many manufacturing, administrative and sales facilities outside the united states.
in recent years, the u.s. government has enacted new laws and taken actions that directly affect our business in china. for example, during the last few years, the u.s. department of commerce has added a number of chinese-based companies to its "entity list", including existing customers of the company. more recently, the u.s. government enacted the uyghur forced labor prevention act, which bars the importation into the united states of products made from forced labor in the xinjiang region of china. the chinese government could also enact laws and take actions that affect our business in china. we cannot predict what additional laws or actions may be taken by the u.s. or chinese governments, but any such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition to the new laws outlined above, during the last few years there have also been significant changes to u.s. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including, but not limited to, trade policies and tariffs affecting china. these changes have, in certain cases, increased our costs of doing business. the imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets, and may cause our customers to find alternative sourcing or could make it more difficult for us to sell our products in some markets. other countries where we operate or sell our products have changed, and may continue to change, their own policies on trade as well as business and foreign investment in their respective countries. additionally, it is possible that u.s. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. as a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict the impact to our business of any future changes to the u.s.'s or other countries' trading relationships or the impact of new laws or regulations adopted by the u.s. or other countries.
in addition to the risks noted above, a number of other legal, economic and geopolitical factors both in the united states and abroad could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations, such as:
●   a global or regional economic slowdown in any of the company's market segments;
●   postponement of customer spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other global economic factors;
●   effects of significant changes in economic, monetary and/or fiscal policies in the united states and/or abroad including significant income tax changes, currency fluctuations and inflationary pressures;
●   intergovernmental conflicts or actions, including but not limited to armed conflict, trade wars, cyberattacks and acts of terrorism or war;
●   employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which the company currently operates;
●   industrial policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that restrict foreign companies altogether;
●   changes in exchange control regulations, including any government actions that prohibit, limit or increase the cost of paying a dividend or otherwise moving cash between the company's subsidiaries located in different countries;
●   credit risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable;
●   changes in assumptions, such as discount rates, along with lower than expected investment returns and performance related to the company's benefit plans; and
●   the impact of each of the foregoing on outsourcing and procurement arrangements.
we face significant risks related to adverse public health developments, including epidemics and pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic.
any outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries where we operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. for example, the covid-19 pandemic has affected our offices and manufacturing facilities throughout the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers' contract manufacturers. the covid-19 pandemic caused widespread disruptions to our company during the first half of 2020, and to a lesser extent, those disruptions continued during the second half of 2020 and throughout all of 2021. as of december 31, 2021, we continue to experience some disruptions, and at a minimum, particularly given the surge of cases resulting from the omicron variant, we expect those disruptions to continue into 2022 and potentially beyond. these disruptions have included and may continue to include government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply-chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions and reduced demand from certain customers. during 2021 and into 2022, there have been resurgences in covid-19 cases in several regions around the world, particularly related to new variant strains, including delta and omicron. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and financial results going forward will be dependent on future developments such as the length and severity of the crisis, the impact of the recent resurgence of the crisis due to the omicron variant, as well as any additional future resurgences from known or new variants, future government regulations and actions in response to the crisis, the timing, availability, effectiveness and adoption rates of vaccines and treatments, and the overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy and capital markets, among many other factors, all of which remain highly uncertain and unpredictable. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic could impact the health of our management team and other employees. given these uncertainties, we expect the pandemic to continue to have an impact on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in 2022 and potentially beyond. there can be no assurance that the covid-19 pandemic will not have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in the future.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic has and continues to increase the likelihood and potential severity of other risks (some discussed separately within this item 1a. risk factors), including but not limited to, the following:
●   increased consumer demand, product shortages and supply chain and logistics challenges have caused, and may continue to result in, significant inflationary pressures that have and may continue to increase the company's costs of doing business.
●   our efforts to comply with any legally required vaccine mandates amongst some or all of our employees, could lead to increased labor attrition, along with potential difficulties in attracting and recruiting personnel, which could have a negative impact on our business and operations. in addition, employees in certain geographies could choose to take legal action against the company if we institute vaccine mandates.
●   a scarcity of resources or other hardships caused by the covid-19 pandemic may result in increased nationalism, protectionism and political tensions which may cause governments and/or other entities to take actions that may have a significant negative impact on the ability of the company, its suppliers and its customers to conduct business.
●   certain subsets of our employee population continue to work in a "hybrid" or remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of covid-19. this change may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, an increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and an increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information.
●   travel restrictions to certain countries, especially china, have limited our executive management's ability to visit certain operations during the last two years and such restrictions could remain in place for all of 2022 and beyond.
●   if the financial performance of our businesses were to decline significantly as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we could incur a material non-cash charge to our income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets.
●   if there is a general market downturn and continued high degree of volatility in the financial markets, we may experience a material re-valuation of, for example, our pension assets and obligations.
the company and certain of its suppliers and customers are experiencing difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the company's raw materials and components is increasing.
the company uses basic materials like aluminum, steel, copper, titanium, metal alloys, gold, silver, palladium and plastic resins in its manufacturing processes as well as a variety of components and relies on third-party suppliers to secure these materials and components. the covid-19 pandemic initially disrupted the supply of such raw materials and components, primarily in the first half of 2020. however, more recently, in 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, we, along with many of our suppliers and customers, have experienced widespread supply chain disruptions that have resulted in significant cost increases across certain raw materials and components as well as some supply shortages, that collectively have had an adverse impact on our business and operating results. for example, the recent market shortage of semiconductors has caused disruptions, from both a supply and pricing standpoint, in some of the markets we serve, in particular, the automotive market. recent inflationary pressures have been exacerbated by the lower availability of, and increased prices for, freight and logistics, including air, sea and ground freight. in addition, the company may not be able to pass along increased raw material or component prices to its customers. while the company has taken and continues to take measures to procure and obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components at acceptable prices from our suppliers, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to do so. accordingly, any future delays, disruptions, and supply and pricing risks, such as the ongoing supply chain challenges and disruptions that we expect to continue during 2022, could affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in limited instances we depend on a single source of supply or participate in commodity markets that may be served by a limited number of suppliers. delays in obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, and any delay could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. the cost and availability of raw materials may fluctuate significantly due to external factors including, but not limited to, product scarcity, disruptions caused by climate change and adverse weather conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, governmental policies and regulations such as trade tariffs, as well as pandemics and epidemics (such as, but not limited to, the covid-19 pandemic), which may, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused by climate change and global warming.
from time to time, extreme weather conditions and natural disasters have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our operations, as well as the operations of our suppliers, vendors, customers and distributors. such extreme weather conditions and natural disasters including, but not limited to, earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, and stronger and longer-lasting weather patterns, and their consequences and effects have, in the past, temporarily disrupted our business operations both in the united states and abroad. these events could cause some of the company's operations to suffer from supply chain disruptions and potential delays in fulfilling customer orders or order cancellations altogether, lost future business and sales, and/or damage to our property or harm to our people, each and all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations.
our international operations require us to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various foreign jurisdictions and our business reputation and financial results may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or any other business partners.
doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the u.s. government and various foreign jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to significant liabilities. these laws and regulations may apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. in particular, our international operations are subject to u.s. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, as amended ("fcpa"). as part of our business, we deal with state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the fcpa. in addition, some of the foreign locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. as a result of the above activities, we are exposed to the risk of violating u.s. and foreign anti-corruption laws.
we have established policies and procedures designed to assist us and our personnel in complying with applicable u.s. and international laws and regulations. however, there can be no assurance that these policies will be effective in preventing our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors and agents from taking actions that violate these legal requirements. violations of these legal requirements could subject us to criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts and other remedial measures. in addition, any actual or alleged violations could disrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
the company's results have at times been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates.
the company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies, including possible foreign currency restrictions and/or devaluations. changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the company's sales, operating margins and equity. the company manages currency exposure risk in a number of ways, including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold (thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency), cost reduction and pricing actions, working capital management and hedging contracts. however, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the company's worldwide operations, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is dependent on attracting, recruiting, hiring and retaining skilled employees, including as part of our various management teams.
our performance is dependent on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled personnel, including our executive and management teams. given the current inflationary wage environment and strong demand for skilled labor in many of the countries and regions in which we operate, the ability to identify and attract new talent, as well as retain existing talent, may prove to be difficult. it is possible that the current labor market could have an adverse effect on our ability to attract, recruit, hire and retain skilled employees, which in turn, could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, many workers around the world have re-assessed their career plans and priorities, which could lead to increased difficulty of the company in retaining its experienced team members.
risks related to our end markets the company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications.
approximately 42% of the company's 2021 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, including information technology and data communication, wireless communications and broadband communications, with 12% of the company's 2021 net sales coming from sales to the mobile devices market. demand for these products is subject
to rapid technological change. in addition, these markets are dominated by several large manufacturers and operators who regularly exert significant pressure on their suppliers, including the company. furthermore, a trend among customers has been to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to meet these standards or maintain competitive pricing and therefore continue to compete successfully in the communications industry. the company's failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
approximately 4% and 5% of the company's 2021 net sales came from sales to the broadband communications and mobile networks markets, respectively. demand for the company's products in these markets depends primarily on capital spending by operators for constructing, rebuilding or upgrading their systems. the amount of this capital spending and, therefore, the company's sales and profitability could be affected by a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, consolidation within the communications industry, the financial condition of operators and their access to financing, competition, technological developments, new legislation and regulation of operators. there can be no assurance that existing levels of capital spending will continue or that spending will not decrease.
changes in defense expenditures may reduce the company's sales.
approximately 11% of the company's 2021 net sales came from sales to the military market. the company participates in a broad spectrum of defense programs. the company's military sales are generally to contractors and subcontractors of the u.s. or foreign governments or to distributors that in turn sell to the contractors and subcontractors. accordingly, the company's sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets of the u.s. and foreign governments. a significant decline in u.s. or foreign government defense expenditures could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. u.s. and foreign government expenditures are also subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints, which may result in significant unexpected changes in levels of demand for our products.
the company encounters competition in substantially all areas of our business.
the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. competitors include large, diversified companies, some of which have greater assets and financial resources than the company, as well as medium- to small-sized companies. in addition, rapid technological changes occurring in the communications industry could also lead to the entry of new competitors of all sizes against whom we may not be able to successfully compete. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition, and the inability to do so may result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could have an adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to acquisitions the company has at times experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses.
the company has completed a number of acquisitions in recent years, including seven in 2021. the company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. from time to time, the company experiences difficulty and unanticipated expenses associated with purchasing and integrating acquisitions, and acquisitions do not always perform and deliver the financial benefits expected. the company has also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including but not limited to: managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology; maintaining and increasing the customer base; or retaining key employees, suppliers and distributors. in certain limited cases, the company has pursued indemnification claims against the seller or sellers of an acquired business for pre-acquisition liabilities, breaches of representations, warranties or covenants or for other reasons provided for in the relevant acquisition agreement. to the extent we pursue indemnification claims against the seller or sellers of any acquired business, such seller or sellers may successfully contest such claims, such seller or sellers may not have the financial capacity to compensate us for such claims or such claims may otherwise be difficult or impractical to enforce. we cannot predict or guarantee whether and to what extent anticipated cost savings, benefits and growth prospects will be achieved from recent or future acquisitions.
on december 31, 2021, the total assets of the company were $14.7 billion, which included $6.4 billion of goodwill (the excess of fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net identifiable assets of businesses acquired) and $756.9 million of other intangible assets, net. the company performs annual evaluations (or more frequently, if necessary) for the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets. such evaluations to date have not resulted in the need to recognize an impairment. however, if the financial performance of the company's businesses were to decline significantly, the company could incur a material non-cash charge to its income statement for the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that impairment charges in the future will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the company fail to achieve expected returns.
risks related to our liquidity and capital resources the company's credit agreement contains certain covenants, which if breached, could have a material adverse effect on the company.
the second amended and restated credit agreement that governs our $2.5 billion unsecured credit facility (the "revolving credit facility"), which also backstops the company's u.s. commercial paper program ("u.s. commercial paper program") and euro commercial paper program ("euro commercial paper program"), contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a limit on priority indebtedness and limits on incurrence of liens. although the company believes none of these covenants is presently restrictive to the company's operations, the ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond the company's control, and the company cannot provide assurance that it will meet those tests. a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under the revolving credit facility, the lenders could terminate all commitments to extend further credit and elect to declare amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable which could result in the acceleration of certain of the company's other indebtedness and the company not having sufficient assets to repay the revolving credit facility and such other indebtedness. as of december 31, 2021, the company had approximately $795.2 million of outstanding borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program, and no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and euro commercial paper program.
the company relies on the global capital markets, and an inability to access those markets on favorable terms could adversely affect the company's results.
the company has used the global capital markets to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions. if general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the company's ability to access the capital markets. the capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in the past. market conditions could make it more difficult to access capital to finance capital investments, acquisitions and other initiatives including dividends and share repurchases. as such, this could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in addition, if the credit rating agencies that rate the company's debt were to downgrade the company's credit rating, it would likely increase the company's cost of capital and make it more difficult for the company to obtain new financing and access capital markets, which could also have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the company may be subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. the company monitors its mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, as well as its mix of short-term and long-term debt. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $804 million, or 17%, of the company's outstanding borrowings were subject to floating interest rates and were primarily comprised of borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program. a 10% change in floating interest rates at december 31, 2021 would not have a material effect on the company's interest expense. however, there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change more significantly.
legal and regulatory risks cybersecurity incidents affecting our information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to our reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations.
cybersecurity threats, including but not limited to malware, phishing, credential harvesting, ransomware and other increasingly sophisticated attacks, continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. globally, there has been an increased volume of cyber threats and ransomware attempts throughout the covid-19 pandemic. ransomware attacks have become easier to execute, and the rise of cryptocurrency has facilitated payments to criminals, making ransomware a more lucrative business. while the company has been a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, the impact of such attacks has not been material. future cybersecurity incidents could lead to unauthorized access to and potentially impair the company's information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers and third-party service providers. cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the disruption of our business operations and/or misappropriation, destruction or corruption of critical data and confidential or proprietary information. cybersecurity events could also result in the loss of or inability to access confidential information and critical business, financial or other data, and/or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information. cybersecurity incidents could also result from unauthorized parties gaining access to our systems or information through fraudulent or other means of deceiving our employees, suppliers or third-party service providers. in addition, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic may increase our susceptibility to cybersecurity incidents and risks, especially as some of our employees have transitioned and continue to work from home. despite the company's implementation of preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, our infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, security breaches, computer viruses, outages, systems failures, natural disasters, adverse public health developments, or other catastrophic events, any of which could include reputational damage, loss of our intellectual property, release of highly sensitive confidential information, the inability to access critical data, litigation with third parties and/or governmental investigations and fines, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we and our business partners maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world.  this data relates to all aspects of our business, including financial information and current and future products under development, and also contains certain customer, supplier, partner and employee data.  we maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion, cyberattacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data or make the data inaccessible to us.  in addition, in certain cases, in order to conduct business, we outsource to third-party business partners.  we generally obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect our data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protection of our data; nonetheless, those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or a cyberattack.  any compromise of the data could substantially disrupt our operations, harm our customers, employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations, and subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which became effective in may 2018, the state of california's california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which became effective january 1, 2020, and more recently in august 2021, the standing committee of the national people's congress of the people's republic of china's personal information protection law ("pipl"), which became effective on november 1, 2021, impose significant requirements and additional obligations for companies on how they collect, process and transfer personal data by enhancing consumer privacy rights and imposing significant fines for non-compliance. the potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with the gdpr, ccpa, pipl or other existing or proposed information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial results.
our business and financial results may be adversely affected by government contracting risks.
we are subject to various laws and regulations applicable to parties doing business with the u.s. and other governments, including laws and regulations governing performance of government contracts, the use and treatment of government furnished property and the nature of materials used in our products. in the u.s., we may be unilaterally suspended or barred from conducting business with the u.s. government or its suppliers (both directly and indirectly), or
become subject to fines or other sanctions if we are found to have violated such laws or regulations. as a result of the need to comply with these laws and regulations, we are subject to increased risks of governmental investigations, civil fraud actions, criminal prosecutions, whistleblower lawsuits and other enforcement actions. for example, in august 2018, we received a subpoena from the u.s. department of defense, office of the inspector general, requesting documents pertaining to certain products manufactured by the company's military and aerospace group that are purchased or used by the u.s. government, as noted herein in item 3. legal proceedings and note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the u.s. laws and regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, export administration regulations, the federal acquisition regulation, the false claims act, international traffic in arms regulations, regulations from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms and the fcpa. we are subject to a wide range of similar laws and regulations in other countries throughout the world. failure, or the perceived failure, to comply with applicable requirements also could harm our reputation and our ability to compete for future government contracts or sell commercial equivalent products. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
in addition, u.s. government contracts are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the u.s. government without prior written notice, either for convenience or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. if our contracts are terminated by the u.s. government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the u.s. government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. we are also prohibited from assigning prime u.s. government contracts without the prior consent of the u.s. government contracting officer. furthermore, the u.s. government periodically audits our governmental contract costs, which could result in fines, penalties or adjustment of costs and prices under the contracts. any such fines, penalties or payment adjustments resulting from such audits could adversely affect our reputation, business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
the company is subject to governmental export and import controls.
certain of our products, including purchased components of such products, are subject to export controls and may be exported only with the required export license or through an export license exception. in addition, we are required to comply with certain u.s. and foreign sanctions and embargoes. these laws and regulations are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally become more stringent over time and have intensified under recent u.s. administrations, especially in light of recent trade tensions with china. for example, in 2019, the u.s. government added certain of the company's customers based in china to its "entity list", which imposes additional restrictions on sales to such customers. although such restrictions did not have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, the u.s. government has the power to place even greater restrictions on these and other customers, and such restrictions could further limit or prohibit the company from selling products to such customers. if we were to fail to comply with these restrictions or applicable export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions and other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines for us, the incarceration of responsible employees and managers, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. in addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.
changes in fiscal and tax policies, audits and examinations by taxing authorities could impact the company's results.
the company is subject to tax in the u.s. and in numerous foreign jurisdictions. the company is currently under tax examination in several jurisdictions, and, in addition, new examinations could be initiated by additional tax authorities. as the company has operations in jurisdictions throughout the world, the risk of tax examinations will continue to occur. the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows may be materially impacted by the results of these tax examinations.
any future changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting standards for income taxes and/or other tax guidance, including related interpretations, could materially impact the company's current and non-current tax liabilities, along with deferred tax assets and liabilities, and consequently, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights, which could result in loss of market share, and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on patent and trade secret laws, copyright, trademark, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights. despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and, from time to time, we encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights, particularly in certain countries outside the u.s. we cannot provide assurance that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. changes in laws concerning intellectual property, or the enforcement of such laws, may affect our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our intellectual property, potentially resulting in loss of market share. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. litigation is inherently uncertain and outcomes are unpredictable. if we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive.
the intellectual property rights of others could inhibit our ability to introduce new products. other companies hold patents on technologies used in our industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. we periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by, third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach of our agreements with them. these third parties may include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute products or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse. in addition, some foreign competitors may take advantage of the intellectual property laws in their home countries and the more favorable litigation and regulatory environment to our detriment. third party claims of infringement may result in loss of revenue, substantial costs, or lead to monetary damages or injunctive relief against us.
the company is subject to customer claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings.
the company is currently engaged in, or subject to, various customer claims, litigation and other regulatory and legal matters and may be subject to additional claims, litigation and other regulatory or legal proceedings in the future. such matters expose the company to risks that could be material, including but not limited to, risks related to employment disputes, tax controversies, government investigations, intellectual property infringement, compliance with environmental laws, unfair sales practices, product safety and liability, and product warranty, indemnity and other contract-related claims. these matters may subject the company to lawsuits, voluntary or forced product recalls, government investigations and criminal liability, including claims for compensatory, punitive or consequential damages, and could result in disruptions to our business and significant legal expenses. these matters could also damage our reputation, harm our relationships with customers or negatively affect product demand.
while the company does maintain certain insurance coverages that may mitigate losses associated with some of these types of claims and proceedings, the policies may not respond and, where insurance exists, the amount of insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the total claims and liabilities. in some cases, particularly with respect to product warranty claims from customers, we self-insure against this risk, meaning that any product liability claims will likely have to be paid from company funds and not by insurance. any current or future substantial liabilities or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.
the company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business.
the company operates in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions, and we must comply with locally enacted laws and regulations addressing health, safety and environmental matters in such jurisdictions in which we manufacture and/or sell our products. certain operations of the company are subject to locally enacted environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. the company and its operations may be subject to liabilities, regardless of fault, for investigative and/or remediation efforts on such matters that may arise at any of the company's former or current properties, either owned or leased. for example, as disclosed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the company was named as one of several defendants in four separate lawsuits filed in the state of indiana relating to a manufacturing site in franklin, indiana where the company has been conducting an environmental clean-up effort under the direction of the united states environmental protection agency. all the costs incurred by the company relating to these lawsuits as well as all costs associated with the clean-up effort at the manufacturing site have been reimbursed by the former owner pursuant to an indemnification agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of the manufacturing site as part of a larger acquisition that led to the establishment of the company's
business in 1987. environmental liabilities can result from the use of hazardous materials in production, the disposal of products, damages associated with the use of any of our products or other related matters. we cannot be certain as to the potential impact of any changes to environmental conditions or environmental policies that may arise in any of our jurisdictions. our failure to comply with these local environmental laws and regulations could result in fines or other punitive damages and/or modifications to our production processes as well as subject us to reputational harm, any of which could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
the company may be subject to incremental costs and risks associated with efforts to combat the negative effects of climate change.
there continues to be an increased global focus on climate change issues which has led to international treaties and agreements and legislative and regulatory efforts. in addition to the risks discussed under the heading "the company may be negatively impacted by extreme weather conditions and natural catastrophic events, including those caused by climate change and global warming," the company may also be subject to larger, global climate change initiatives, laws, regulations or orders. for example, in early 2021, the united states rejoined the paris climate agreement, an international treaty focused on climate change, with several goals, including but not limited to, the reduction of greenhouse gas ("ghg") emissions. more recently, in late 2021, the united states participated in the 2021 united national climate change conference ("cop26"). at the cop26, participating countries agreed on a new climate change-focused deal, the glasgow climate pact, which marks the first-ever climate deal to explicitly commit to a reduction in coal use. the cop26 also resulted in many countries pledging to end deforestation and reduce methane emissions, among other pledges.
given our global manufacturing presence, any future increased regulation surrounding ghg emissions and other climate change-related laws and regulations, beyond initiatives already in process at the company, could subject us to additional and/or unforeseen compliance costs and limitations, including increased energy and raw material costs and capital expenditures. any future regulatory changes in any of the countries in which we operate could result in transition risks to the company, including but not limited to (i) the nature and timing of any requirement to lower ghg emissions and adopt more energy-efficient energy use, which could result in changes or disruptions to the way the company operates, (ii) financial risks where the compliance with such regulations requires unforeseen capital expenditures and becomes costly or financially burdensome, (iii) legal risks associated with the failure to adapt to or comply with future climate change-related regulations, (iv) risks associated with the implementation of any new technologies required to comply with such regulations, which could impede our ability to innovate new products, meet customer and market demand or compete on pricing and quality in the market, and/or (v) reputational risks associated with our customers' and investors' perceptions of the company and their preferences for maintaining relationships with companies with lower emissions, all of which could harm our reputation in the marketplace. we are not able to predict how any future definitive agreements, pacts and/or regulations, if and when they are adopted and required, and the commitments necessary to comply with such requirements, will affect our reputation, business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(amounts in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise noted)
the following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, herein for amphenol corporation (together with its subsidiaries, "amphenol," the "company," "we," "our," or "us"). the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in u.s. dollars, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap" or "gaap"). any references to the company's results in this item 7 are specifically to our continuing operations only and exclude discontinued operations, unless otherwise noted. the following discussion and analysis also includes references to certain non-gaap financial measures, which are defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, including "constant currency net sales growth" and "organic net sales growth". for purposes of the following discussion, the terms "constant currencies" and "organically" have the same meaning, respectively, as these aforementioned non-gaap financial measures. refer to "non-gaap financial measures" within this item 7 for more information, including our reasons for including non-gaap financial measures and material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures.
in addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis also contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risk factors described in part i, item 1a herein, as well as the risks and uncertainties that exist with the use of forward-looking statements as described in the "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" section included herein at the beginning of this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report").
stock split on january 27, 2021, the company announced that its board of directors (the "board") approved a two-for-one split of the company's class a common stock ("common stock"). the stock split was effected in the form of a stock dividend paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on february 16, 2021. the additional shares were distributed on march 4, 2021, and the company's common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on march 5, 2021. as a result of the stock split, stockholders received one additional share of common stock for each share held as of the record date. all current and prior year data impacted by the stock split and presented in this item 7 and throughout this annual report, including number of shares and per share information, earnings per share, and dividends per share amounts, among others, have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the stock split. refer to note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the stock split.
overview general amphenol is one of the world's largest designers, manufacturers and marketers of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. through december 31, 2021, the company operated through two reporting segments: (i) interconnect products and assemblies and (ii) cable products and solutions. in 2021, approximately 71% of the company's sales were outside the united states. the primary end markets for our products are:
●   information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video and data communications;
●   a broad range of industrial applications and traditional, hybrid and electric automotive applications; and
●   military and commercial aerospace applications.
the company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by a wide array of customers around the world. the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. a trend among customers has been to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. the company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. the company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers.
effective january 1, 2022, the company aligned its businesses into three newly formed reportable business segments: (i) harsh environment solutions, (ii) communications solutions and (iii) interconnect and sensor systems. this new alignment replaces our historic reportable business segments.  all businesses previously reported in the interconnect products and assemblies segment have now been aligned with one of the three newly formed segments. all businesses previously reported in the cable products and solutions segment have now been aligned with our newly formed communications solutions segment. this new alignment reinforces the company's entrepreneurial culture and the clear accountability of each of our business unit general managers, while enhancing the scalability of amphenol's business for the future. the company will begin reporting its new reportable segments in connection with its quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarterly period ending march 31, 2022, including the recasting of relevant prior year period segment information for conformity of presentation. for further details related to the company's change in its reportable business segments effective january 1, 2022, refer to note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements herein.
strategy the company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. the company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. the company is also focused on controlling costs. the company does this by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower cost areas.
the company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing the following success factors:
●   pursue broad market diversification;
●   develop high-technology performance-enhancing solutions;
●   control costs;
●   pursue strategic acquisitions and investments; and
●   foster collaborative, entrepreneurial management.
in 2021, the company reported net sales, operating income and net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation of $10,876.3, $2,105.1 and $1,569.4, respectively, representing an increase of 26%, 28% and 30%, respectively, from 2020. in 2021, the company's net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation was impacted by (a) excess tax benefits of $63.4 related to stock-based compensation resulting from stock option exercises and (b) a discrete tax benefit of $14.9 related to the settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain non-u.s. jurisdictions, partially offset by (c) acquisition-related expenses of $70.4 ($57.3 after-tax) comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of mts systems corporation ("mts") in the second quarter of 2021 and external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the acquisition of halo technology limited ("halo") in the fourth quarter of 2021. in 2020, the company's net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation was impacted by (a) excess tax benefits of $42.8 related to stock-based compensation resulting from stock option exercises and (b) a discrete tax benefit of $19.9 related to the settlements of refund claims in a non-u.s. jurisdiction and the resulting adjustments to deferred taxes, partially offset by (c) acquisition-related expenses of $11.5 ($10.7 after-tax) comprised primarily of external transaction costs related to acquisitions that were announced or closed. excluding the effects of these items, adjusted operating income and adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below and reconciled within this part ii, item 7, increased by 32% and 34%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020. sales and profitability trends are discussed in detail in "results of operations" below. in addition, a strength of the company has been its ability to consistently generate net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations ("operating cash flow"). the company uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. in 2021, the company generated operating cash flow of $1,523.9 and free cash flow of $1,167.2. free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, is defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below and reconciled within this part ii, item 7.
impact of covid-19 on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations the covid-19 pandemic has affected our offices and manufacturing facilities throughout the world, as well as the facilities of our suppliers, customers and our customers' contract manufacturers. the covid-19 pandemic caused widespread disruptions to our company during the first half of 2020, and to a lesser extent, those disruptions continued during the second half of 2020 and throughout all of 2021. as of december 31, 2021, we continue to experience some disruptions, and at a minimum, particularly given the surge of cases resulting from the omicron variant, we expect those disruptions to continue into 2022 and potentially beyond. these disruptions have included and may continue to include government regulations that inhibit our ability to operate certain of our facilities in the ordinary course, travel restrictions, supplier constraints, supply-chain interruptions, logistics challenges and limitations, labor disruptions and reduced demand from certain customers. during 2021 and into 2022, there have been resurgences in covid-19 cases in several regions around the world, particularly related to new variant strains, including delta and omicron. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business and financial results going forward will be dependent on future developments such as the length and severity of the crisis, the impact of the recent resurgence of the crisis due to the omicron variant, as well as any additional future resurgences from known or new variants, future government regulations and actions in response to the crisis, the timing, availability, effectiveness and adoption rates of vaccines and treatments, and the overall impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy and capital markets, among many other factors, all of which remain highly uncertain and unpredictable. in addition, the covid-19 pandemic could impact the health of our management team and other employees. given these uncertainties, we expect the pandemic to continue to have an impact on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in 2022 and potentially beyond. there can be no assurance that the covid-19 pandemic will not have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations in the future. for further discussion on the risks and uncertainties associated with the covid-19 pandemic, refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors.
results of operations the following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to amphenol corporation as a percentage of net sales for the years indicated.
acquisition-related expenses                                                            0.6                 0.1                 0.3
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                  18.3                17.8                18.2
provision for income taxes                                                            (3.8)               (3.7)               (4.1)
net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests        (0.1)               (0.1)               (0.1)
net sales were $10,876.3 for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $8,598.9 for the year ended december 31, 2020, which represented an increase of 26% in u.s. dollars, 25% in constant currencies, and 18% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts), over the prior year. the increase in net sales in 2021 was driven by growth in several markets in the interconnect products and assemblies segment, as described below.
net sales in the interconnect products and assemblies segment (approximately 96% of net sales) increased 27% in u.s. dollars, 25% in constant currencies, and 19% organically, in 2021, compared to 2020. the sales growth in 2021 was driven by strong growth across nearly all end markets, including the industrial, automotive, information technology and data communications, military and mobile networks markets, along with moderate growth in the mobile devices
market and contributions from the company's acquisition program. this sales growth was partially offset by a decline in the commercial aerospace market, which continued to be negatively impacted by the significant impact of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and aircraft production. the strong sales growth in 2021 in the interconnect products and assemblies segment also reflected a recovery in certain markets from the more negative impact resulting from the covid-19 pandemic during 2020. net sales to the industrial market increased (approximately $864.6), with broad-based growth across nearly all market segments of the global industrial market, with particular strength in heavy equipment, factory automation, industrial instrumentation, battery and heavy electric vehicle, alternative energy, rail mass transit, and transportation, along with contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the automotive market increased (approximately $683.4), reflecting the continued recovery and growth in most regions of the global automotive market, as well as the company's expanded position in next-generation electronics, including in particular electric and hybrid drive trains. net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately $482.7), driven primarily by continued strong sales growth to web service providers and broad-based market demand for server, storage and networking related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth. net sales to the military market increased (approximately $135.8), driven by strength across nearly all segments of the military market, including missile, military communications and naval and space-related applications, along with a recovery from the impact of pandemic-related production disruptions experienced during the first half of 2020, as well as contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the mobile networks market increased (approximately $60.5), driven by a recovery in demand from mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators, which was primarily driven by increased demand for products used in 5g network build-outs and contributions from acquisitions, offset in part by reductions of sales to certain customers in china that were added to the u.s. department of commerce's "entity list". net sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately $45.7), driven by growth in products incorporated into laptops and wearable devices, along with production-related products, and was partially offset by moderations of sales into smartphones and tablets. net sales to the commercial aerospace market decreased (approximately $26.6) primarily due to the continued significant impact of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and aircraft production.
net sales in the cable products and solutions segment (approximately 4% of net sales), which primarily serves the broadband communications market, increased 21% in u.s. dollars, 20% in constant currencies and 15% organically in 2021, compared to 2020. the increase in net sales in the cable products and solutions segment was primarily driven by increased market demand from broadband operators and mobile network service providers, as well as the contribution from one acquisition in this segment that closed during the first quarter of 2021.
the table below reconciles constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, by segment, geography and consolidated, for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020:
net sales                   foreign               constant                                          organic growth in                   currency              currency net                acquisition           net sales u.s. dollars (2)            impact (3)            sales growth (4)            impact (5)            growth (4)
united states                              $3,155.9             $2,494.0             27         %                -       %             26         %                9       %             17      %
foreign                                           7,720.4              6,104.9       26         %                2       %             24         %                5       %             19      %
(1)   percentages in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding.
(2)   net sales growth in u.s. dollars is calculated based on net sales as reported in the consolidated statements of income and note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. while the term "net sales growth in u.s. dollars" is not considered a u.s. gaap financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measure based on gaap results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(3)   foreign currency translation impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current reporting year compared to the prior reporting year. such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the prior year from current year reported net sales, taken as a percentage of the prior year's net sales.
(4)   constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth are non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section.
(5)   acquisition impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the company's consolidated results for the full current year and/or prior comparable year presented. such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis.
(6)   net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped.
the increase in foreign net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by strong growth in both europe and asia. the comparatively weaker u.s. dollar in 2021 had the effect of increasing sales by approximately $159.1, compared to 2020.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $1,226.3, or 11.3% of net sales for 2021, compared to $1,014.2, or 11.8% of net sales for 2020. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2021 was driven primarily by higher sales during the year, relative to 2020 which was more negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, slightly offset by the impact of mts's sensors business, acquired in 2021, which currently has higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales compared to the average of the company. administrative expenses increased $78.6 in 2021, and represented approximately 4.5% of net sales in 2021 and 4.8% of net sales in 2020. research and development expenses increased $57.0 in 2021 primarily related to increases in expenses for new product development, and represented approximately 2.9% of net sales in 2021 and 3.0% of net sales in 2020. selling and marketing expenses increased $76.5 in 2021 compared to 2020, and represented approximately 3.8% of net sales in 2021 and 4.0% of net sales in 2020.
operating income was $2,105.1, or 19.4% of net sales in 2021, compared to $1,638.4, or 19.1% of net sales in 2020. operating income in 2021 included acquisition-related expenses of $70.4, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the mts acquisition in the second quarter of 2021, along with external transaction costs and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the halo acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021. operating income in 2020 included acquisition-related expenses of $11.5, comprised primarily of external transaction costs related to acquisitions that were announced or closed. these acquisition-related expenses in 2021 and 2020 had the effect of decreasing net income from continuing operations by $57.3, or $0.09 per share, and $10.7, or $0.02 per share, respectively. acquisition-related expenses are separately presented in the consolidated statements of income. excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, were $2,175.5 and 20.0% of net sales, respectively, in 2021, and $1,649.9 and 19.2% of net sales, respectively, in 2020. the increase in adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin in 2021 relative to 2020 was primarily driven by the interconnect products and assemblies segment, as discussed further below.
operating income for the interconnect products and assemblies segment in 2021 was $2,296.8, or 22.0% of net sales, compared to $1,741.2, or 21.2% of net sales in 2020. the increase in operating margin for the interconnect products and assemblies segment for 2021 compared to 2020 is driven by normal operating leverage on the higher sales volumes combined with the benefit of a lower cost impact resulting from the covid-19 pandemic compared to 2020, partially offset by the impact of the more challenging commodity and supply chain environment experienced in 2021.
operating income for the cable products and solutions segment in 2021 was $22.8, or 5.1% of net sales, compared to $35.4, or 9.6% of net sales in 2020. the decrease in operating margin for the cable products and solutions segment in 2021 compared to 2020 is driven by the impact of the more challenging commodity, logistics and supply chain environment experienced in 2021.
interest expense was $115.5 in 2021 compared to $115.4 in 2020. refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the company's debt.
provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 20.6% in 2021 and 20.5% in 2020. provision for income taxes in 2021 included (i) excess tax benefits of $63.4 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of $14.9 related to the settlement of uncertain tax positions in certain non-u.s. jurisdictions, all of which was partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. these items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. provision for income taxes in 2020 included (i) excess tax benefits of $42.8 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of $19.9 related to the settlements of refund claims in a non-u.s. jurisdiction and the resulting adjustments to deferred taxes, which were partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. these items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. excluding the effect of these items, the adjusted effective tax rate, a non-gaap financial measure as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, was 24.3% and 24.5% for 2021 and 2020, respectively, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on gaap results. for additional details related to the reconciliation between the u.s. statutory federal tax rate and the company's effective tax rate for these years, refer to note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation and net income from continuing operations per common share attributable to amphenol corporation-diluted ("diluted eps") were $1,569.4 and $2.51, respectively, for 2021, compared to $1,203.4 and $1.96, respectively, for 2020. excluding the effect of the aforementioned items discussed above, adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation and adjusted diluted eps, non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, were $1,548.4 and $2.48, respectively, for 2021, compared to $1,151.4 and $1.87, respectively, for 2020.
the following table reconciles adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted diluted eps (all on a continuing operations basis only, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below) to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
acquisition-related expenses                                         70.4        0.6                         57.3           (0.2)               0.09              11.5        0.1                         10.7           (0.1)               0.02
excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation              -           -                         (63.4)             3.2             (0.10)              -           -                         (42.8)             2.8             (0.07)
discrete tax item                                                    -           -                         (14.9)             0.7             (0.02)              -           -                         (19.9)             1.3             (0.03)
note: all data in the tables above are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude results associated with discontinued operations
(1)   while the terms "operating margin" and "effective tax rate" are not considered u.s. gaap financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measures based on gaap results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   all percentages and per share amounts in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding.
net sales were $8,598.9 for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to $8,225.4 for the year ended december 31, 2019, which represented an increase of 5% in u.s. dollars, 4% in constant currencies, and 2% organically (excluding both currency and acquisition impacts), over the prior year. the increase in net sales in 2020 was driven by strong growth in several markets, which was partially offset by the sudden and severe slowdown in certain of our markets resulting from the global outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic, which also caused production disruptions in many parts of the world during much of the first half of 2020.
net sales in the interconnect products and assemblies segment (approximately 96% of net sales) increased 5% in u.s. dollars, 4% in constant currencies, and 2% organically, in 2020, compared to 2019. the sales growth was driven by strong growth in the industrial, information technology and data communications, and mobile devices markets, along with moderate growth in the military market, and contributions from the company's acquisition program. this sales growth was partially offset by declines in the commercial aerospace, mobile networks and automotive markets, all of which were negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. net sales to the industrial market increased (approximately $246.4), primarily driven by strength in battery and electric vehicle, industrial instrumentation, heavy equipment, alternative energy and medical applications, along with contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased (approximately $234.0), driven primarily by strong sales growth to data center customers and market demand for storage and networking related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth to support work, school and entertainment activities during the pandemic, along with contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the mobile devices market increased (approximately $179.9), driven by strength in products incorporated into laptops, tablets, wearable devices, and accessories along with production-related products, and was partially offset by a slight moderation of sales into smartphones. net sales to the military market increased (approximately $32.2), driven by strength across multiple segments of the military market, offset in part by the impact of pandemic-related production disruptions experienced during the first half of the year. net sales to the commercial aerospace market decreased significantly (approximately $135.3) primarily due to the significant impact of the covid-19 pandemic on travel and aircraft production. net sales
to the mobile networks market decreased (approximately $98.5), which reflected the impact of the 2019 u.s. government restrictions on certain chinese customers as well as reduced demand from both mobile networks equipment manufacturers and mobile operators, partially as a result of the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic, offset in part by contributions from acquisitions. net sales to the automotive market decreased (approximately $86.0), due to a significant reduction in demand resulting from customer factory shutdowns together with production disruptions in the first half of 2020 resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, which was partially offset by a strong recovery of demand during the second half of the year.
net sales in the cable products and solutions segment (approximately 4% of net sales), which primarily serves the broadband communications market, decreased 4% in u.s. dollars, 1% in constant currencies and 1% organically in 2020, compared to 2019. the decrease in net sales in the cable products and solutions segment was largely driven by the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic primarily during the first half of 2020, as well as an overall weakness in market demand.
the table below reconciles constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, by segment, geography and consolidated, for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019:
net sales                   foreign               constant                                          organic growth in                   currency              currency net                acquisition           net sales u.s. dollars (2)            impact (3)            sales growth (4)            impact (5)            growth (4)
united states                              $2,494.0             $2,524.7             (1)        %                -       %             (1)        %                4       %             (5)     %
foreign                                           6,104.9              5,700.7       7          %                1       %             7          %                2       %             5       %
(1)   percentages in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding.
(2)   net sales growth in u.s. dollars is calculated based on net sales as reported in the consolidated statements of income and note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. while the term "net sales growth in u.s. dollars" is not considered a u.s. gaap financial measure, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measure based on gaap results, which serves as the basis for the reconciliation to its comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(3)   foreign currency translation impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from foreign currency exchange rate changes in the current reporting year compared to the prior reporting year. such amount is calculated by subtracting current year net sales translated at average foreign currency exchange rates for the prior year from current year reported net sales, taken as a percentage of the prior year's net sales.
(4)   constant currency net sales growth and organic net sales growth are non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section.
(5)   acquisition impact, a non-gaap measure, represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the company's consolidated results for the full current year and/or prior comparable year presented. such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis.
(6)   net sales by geographic area are based on the customer location to which the product is shipped.
the increase in foreign net sales in 2020 compared to 2019 was driven primarily by strong growth in asia. the comparatively weaker u.s. dollar in 2020 had an insignificant effect on net sales compared to 2019.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $1,014.2, or 11.8% of net sales for 2020, compared to $971.4, or 11.8% of net sales for 2019. administrative expenses increased $27.5 in 2020, and represented approximately 4.8% of net sales in 2020 and 4.7% of net sales in 2019. research and development expenses increased $26.5 in 2020 primarily related to increases in expenses for new product development, and represented approximately 3.0% of net sales in 2020 and 2.8% of net sales in 2019. selling and marketing expenses decreased $11.2 in 2020 compared to 2019, and represented approximately 4.0% of net sales in 2020 and 4.3% of net sales in 2019.
operating income was $1,638.4, or 19.1% of net sales in 2020, compared to $1,619.2, or 19.7% of net sales in 2019. operating income in 2020 included acquisition-related expenses of $11.5, comprised primarily of external transaction costs related to acquisitions that were announced or closed. operating income in 2019 included acquisition-related expenses of $25.4, comprised of the amortization of $15.7 related to the value associated with the acquired backlog resulting from two of our 2019 acquisitions, with the remainder representing external transaction costs. these acquisition-related expenses in 2020 and 2019 had the effect of decreasing net income from continuing operations by $10.7, or $0.02 per share, and $21.0, or $0.03 per share, respectively. acquisition-related expenses are separately
presented in the consolidated statements of income. excluding the effect of these acquisition-related expenses, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, were $1,649.9 and 19.2% of net sales, respectively, in 2020, and $1,644.6 and 20.0% of net sales, respectively, in 2019.
operating income for the interconnect products and assemblies segment in 2020 was $1,741.2, or 21.2% of net sales, compared to $1,722.7, or 22.0% of net sales in 2019. the decrease in operating margin for the interconnect products and assemblies segment for 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily driven by the significant incremental costs incurred, primarily during the first half of 2020, related to the covid-19 pandemic. this decrease in the operating margin during the first half of 2020 was partly offset by strong operating leverage on higher sales volumes during the second half of 2020.
operating income for the cable products and solutions segment in 2020 was $35.4, or 9.6% of net sales, compared to $39.5, or 10.2% of net sales in 2019. the decrease in operating margin for the cable products and solutions segment in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily driven by lower volumes as well as the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic, primarily during the first half of 2020.
interest expense was $115.4 in 2020 compared to $117.6 in 2019. refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the company's debt.
loss on early extinguishment of debt was $14.3 in 2019, which related to refinancing-related costs, specifically premiums and fees incurred associated with the early extinguishment of certain redeemed principal amounts of the 3.125% senior notes due september 2021 (the "2021 senior notes") and 4.00% senior notes due february 2022 (the "2022 senior notes") (collectively, the "tendered notes") as a result of the tender offers in september 2019. refer to note 4 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information related to the tendered notes.
provision for income taxes was at an effective rate of 20.5% in 2020 and 22.2% in 2019. provision for income taxes in 2020 included (i) excess tax benefits of $42.8 from stock option exercises and (ii) a discrete tax benefit of $19.9 related to the settlements of refund claims in a non-u.s. jurisdiction and the resulting adjustments to deferred taxes, which were partially offset by the tax effects related to acquisition-related expenses during the year. these items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. provision for income taxes in 2019 included excess tax benefits of $38.1 from stock option exercises, which was partially offset by the tax effects related to (i) acquisition-related expenses during the year and (ii) refinancing-related costs associated with the early extinguishment of debt. these items had the aggregate effect of decreasing the effective tax rate and increasing earnings per share by the amounts noted in the table below. excluding the effect of these items, the adjusted effective tax rate, a non-gaap financial measure as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, was 24.5% for both 2020 and 2019, as reconciled in the table below to the comparable effective tax rate based on gaap results. for additional details related to the reconciliation between the u.s. statutory federal tax rate and the company's effective tax rate for these years, refer to note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation and diluted eps were $1,203.4 and $1.96, respectively, for 2020, compared to $1,155.0 and $1.88, respectively, for 2019. excluding the effect of the aforementioned items discussed above, adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation and adjusted diluted eps, non-gaap financial measures as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below within this item 7, were $1,151.4 and $1.87, respectively, for 2020, compared to $1,150.4 and $1.87, respectively, for 2019.
the following table reconciles adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, adjusted effective tax rate and adjusted diluted eps (all on a continuing operations basis only, as defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below) to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019:
acquisition-related expenses                                         11.5        0.1                       10.7         (0.1)                 0.02                25.4        0.3                       21.0         (0.1)                 0.03
excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation              -           -                         (42.8)       2.8                   (0.07)              -           -                         (38.1)       2.5                   (0.06)
discrete tax item                                                    -           -                         (19.9)       1.3                   (0.03)              -           -                         -            -                     -
note: all data in the tables above are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude results associated with discontinued operations
(1)   while the terms "operating margin" and "effective tax rate" are not considered u.s. gaap financial measures, for purposes of this table, we derive the reported (gaap) measures based on gaap results, which serve as the basis for the reconciliation to their comparable non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   all percentages and per share amounts in this table were calculated using actual, unrounded results; therefore, the sum of the components may not add due to rounding.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and cash requirements at december 31, 2021 and 2020, the company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1,241.4 and $1,738.1, respectively, with the majority of the company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand located outside of the united states. on april 7, 2021, the company used a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under its u.s. commercial paper program (defined below) to fund the acquisition of mts. in addition, on december 1, 2021, the company used cash on hand to fund the acquisition of halo.
the company's primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash provided by operating activities, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand, the u.s. commercial paper program, the euro commercial paper program, and the revolving credit facility (each as defined and discussed further below within this item 7).  the company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash from operating activities, availability under its revolving credit facility, and access to capital markets (including the recent issuance of the company's $750.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.200% senior notes due september 15, 2031 (the "2031 senior notes") in september 2021, along with borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program), provide adequate liquidity to meet both its short-term (next twelve months) and reasonably foreseeable long-term requirements and obligations.
cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations the company's primary ongoing cash requirements will be for operating and working capital needs, capital expenditures, product development activities, repurchases of our common stock, dividends, debt service, payments associated with the one-time tax on the deemed repatriation of all of the company's pre-2018 accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries ("transition tax") which is payable in annual installments until 2025, taxes due upon the repatriation of foreign earnings (which will be payable upon the repatriation of such earnings), funding of pension obligations, and other contractual obligations and commitments (refer to the table below for the company's material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations). the company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of future acquisitions. the company's debt service requirements consist primarily of principal and interest on the company's senior notes, and to the extent of any amounts outstanding, the revolving credit facility and the commercial paper programs (all as defined below). the company expects that capital expenditures in 2022 will be in a range of 3% to 4% of net sales.
the following table summarizes the company's material short- and long-term cash requirements from known obligations pursuant to certain contracts and commitments as of december 31, 2021, as well as an estimate of the timing in which such obligations and payments are expected to be satisfied.
accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations (4)              59.8               7.3            11.5              12.7              28.3
transition tax (5)                                                      86.2              15.8            69.1               1.3                 -
(1)   the company has excluded expected interest payments on the revolving credit facility, u.s. commercial paper program and euro commercial paper program from the above table, as this calculation is largely dependent on average debt levels the company expects to have during each of the years presented. the actual interest payments made related to the company's revolving credit facility and both commercial paper programs combined, in 2021, were approximately $2.4. expected debt levels, and therefore expected interest payments, are difficult to predict, as they are significantly impacted by items such as future acquisitions, repurchases of common stock and dividend payments, as well as payments or additional borrowings made to reduce or increase the underlying revolver balance.
(2)   the company's operating lease payments included in this table reflect the future minimum undiscounted fixed lease payments, which serve as the basis for calculating the company's operating lease liabilities as of december 31, 2021. the table above excludes any variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the company's right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities, due to their uncertainty. finance leases are not material to the company individually or in the aggregate and as such have been excluded from the table above.
(3)   purchase obligations relate primarily to open purchase orders for goods and services, including but not limited to, raw materials and components to be used in production.
(4)   this table includes estimated benefit payments expected to be made under the company's unfunded pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as the anticipated minimum required contributions under the company's funded pension plans, the most significant funded plan of which covers certain of its u.s. employees. over the past several years, there has been no minimum requirement for company contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in the united states ("u.s. plans") due to prior contributions made in excess of minimum requirements, and as a result, there was no anticipated minimum required contribution included in the table above related to the u.s. plans for 2022. the company did not make any voluntary contributions to its u.s. plans in 2021 and 2020. it is not possible to reasonably estimate expected required contributions in the above table after 2022 since several assumptions are required to calculate minimum required contributions, such as the discount rate and expected returns on pension assets.
(5)   as a result of the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax act") in december 2017, the united states changed to a modified territorial tax system, which significantly reduced the u.s. tax expense associated with the remittance of foreign earnings, among other changes. the tax act also imposed the transition tax associated with all of the company's pre-2018 accumulated unremitted earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries. as a result, on december 31, 2017, the company recorded a provisional u.s. tax expense for the transition tax, which was adjusted and finalized in 2018. the transition tax is to be paid in annual installments over the eight-year period until 2025, as permitted under the tax act. the table above reflects the remaining amounts associated with the transition tax, which is net of applicable tax credits and deductions. the fourth installment of the transition tax was paid in the second quarter of 2021.
(6)   as of december 31, 2021, the company has recorded net liabilities of approximately $176.5 related to unrecognized tax benefits. these liabilities have been excluded from the above table due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows. it is difficult to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which all of these liabilities might be paid.
repatriation of foreign earnings and related income taxes following the enactment of the tax act in december 2017, the company has previously indicated an intention to repatriate most of its pre-2021 accumulated earnings and has accrued the foreign and u.s. state and local taxes, if applicable, on those earnings, as appropriate. the associated tax payments are due as the repatriations are made. the company intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining pre-2021 foreign earnings. the company intends to distribute certain 2021 foreign earnings and has accrued foreign and u.s. state and local taxes, where applicable, on those earnings, as of december 31, 2021, and intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining 2021 foreign earnings. the company intends to evaluate certain post-2021 earnings for repatriation, and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, and to indefinitely reinvest all other foreign earnings. as of december 31, 2021, the company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $1,000 related to certain geographies, as it is the company's intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. it is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated.
cash flow summary the following table summarizes the company's cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flow:
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations       $1,523.9                      $1,592.0        $1,502.3
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations                  (2,604.4)               (333.5)               (1,228.8)
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations                    (145.1)               (516.6)                 (648.4)
net cash change from discontinued operations                                          733.0                     -                       -
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                         (12.3)                  68.9                  (13.2)
note: net cash change from discontinued operations in the table above includes the proceeds from the sale of the divested mts business during the year ended december 31, 2021, as discussed in further detail later within this item 7.
operating activities the ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations ("operating cash flow") was $1,523.9 in 2021, compared to $1,592.0 in 2020 and $1,502.3 in 2019. the decrease in operating cash flow in 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to a higher usage of cash related to the change in working capital as discussed below, partially offset by an increase in net income from continuing operations. the increase in operating cash flow in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to the increase in net income from continuing operations, along with a lower usage of cash related to the change in working capital as discussed below.
in 2021, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $496.4, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to increases in accounts receivable, inventories, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $398.4, $263.0 and $20.2, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of $131.7 and accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of $53.5. in 2020, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $38.9, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, due to increases in accounts receivable, inventories, and prepaid expenses and other current assets of $146.3, $102.0 and $88.6, respectively, partially offset by increases in accounts payable of $204.3 and accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of $93.7. in 2019, the components of working capital as presented on the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow increased $81.6, excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency translation, primarily due to decreases in accrued liabilities, including income taxes, of $129.3 and accounts payable of $60.2, partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of $117.3.
the following describes the significant changes in the amounts as presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020. accounts receivable increased $503.2 to $2,454.8 primarily due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2021 relative to the fourth quarter of 2020, along with the impact of the seven acquisitions (collectively, the "2021 acquisitions") that closed during 2021, in particular the mts and halo acquisitions, all of which was partially offset by the effect of translation from exchange rate changes ("translation") at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020. days sales outstanding at december 31, 2021 and 2020 were 71 days and 72 days, respectively. inventories increased $431.9 to $1,894.1, primarily due to higher sales, along with the impact of our 2021 acquisitions, partially offset by translation. inventory days at december 31, 2021 and 2020 were 80 days and 79 days, respectively. prepaid expenses and other current assets increased $29.0 to $367.9, primarily due to increases in certain prepaid expenses and other current receivables as well as the impact of the 2021 acquisitions. property, plant and equipment, net, increased $120.7 to $1,175.3, primarily due to capital expenditures of $360.4 and the impact of the 2021 acquisitions, partially offset by depreciation of $302.9, disposals and translation. goodwill increased $1,344.7 to $6,376.8, resulting from goodwill recognized related to the 2021 acquisitions, primarily from the mts and halo acquisitions, partially offset by translation. other intangible assets, net, increased $359.4 to $756.9 due to the recognition of certain intangible assets related to the 2021 acquisitions, primarily from the mts and halo acquisitions, partially offset by amortization of $86.4 related to the company's intangible assets. other long-term assets increased $58.9 to $411.2, primarily due to increases in (i) overfunded pension plans primarily in the u.s. and (ii) operating lease right-of-use assets resulting from both leases assumed from the 2021 acquisitions as well as new and renewed lease agreements entered into during the year. accounts payable increased $191.3 to $1,312.0, primarily as a result of increased purchasing activity related to higher sales levels, along with the
impact of the 2021 acquisitions. payable days at december 31, 2021 and 2020 were 56 days and 61 days, respectively. total accrued expenses, including accrued income taxes, increased $177.8 to $1,131.1, primarily as a result of the mts acquisition and the other 2021 acquisitions, along with an increase in accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits, and other accrued expenses, partially offset by a decrease in accrued income taxes, primarily resulting from u.s. federal tax payments. accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations decreased $35.2 to $193.4, primarily due to the impact of higher discount rates used to calculate our projected benefit obligation, along with translation. other long-term liabilities, including deferred tax liabilities, increased $156.6 to $862.9, primarily as a result of an increase in deferred tax liabilities resulting from the mts and halo acquisitions, along with an increase in long-term operating lease liabilities resulting from both leases assumed from the 2021 acquisitions as well as new and renewed lease agreements entered into during the year.
in 2021, 2020 and 2019, the company made aggregate cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans of approximately $6.8, $6.5 and $6.6, respectively. there is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the company's u.s. plans, and the company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the plans' assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future, as discussed in more detail in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in addition to operating cash flow, the company also considers free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure defined in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, as a key metric in measuring the company's ability to generate cash. the following table reconciles free cash flow to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. the decrease in free cash flow in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by the increase in capital expenditures to support our strong sales growth and, to a lesser extent, the decrease in operating cash flow, as described above. the increase in free cash flow in 2020 compared to 2019 was driven by the increase in operating cash flow, as described above, and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in capital expenditures. the following table is on a continuing operations basis only and excludes any cash flows related to discontinued operations:
capital expenditures (gaap)                                                  (360.4)              (276.8)              (295.0)
investing activities cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with capital expenditures, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, purchases (sales and maturities) of short-term investments, net, and acquisitions.
net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $2,604.4 in 2021, compared to $333.5 in 2020 and $1,228.8 in 2019. in 2021, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by the use of $2,225.4 to fund acquisitions, capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $356.7, and net purchases of short-term investments of $8.6. in 2020, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $264.1, the use of $50.4 to fund acquisitions, and net purchases of short-term investments of $18.4. in 2019, net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by the use of $937.4 to fund acquisitions, capital expenditures (net of disposals) of $287.6, and net purchases of short-term investments of $3.8.
financing activities cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with borrowings and repayments of the company's credit facilities and other long-term debt, repurchases of common stock, proceeds from stock option exercises, dividend payments, and distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests.
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $145.1 in 2021, compared to $516.6 in 2020 and $648.4 in 2019. in 2021, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) debt repayments of $912.6, primarily related to the repayment of the assumed outstanding mts senior notes in the
second quarter of 2021 as well as the redemption of the 3.125% senior notes in the third quarter of 2021 and the redemption of the 4.00% senior notes in the fourth quarter of 2021, (ii) repurchases of the company's common stock of $661.7, (iii) dividend payments of $346.7, (iv) a cash transfer of $28.7 made by the company's continuing operations to its discontinued operations in order to fund the september 2021 payment of contingent consideration assumed as part of the mts acquisition, (v) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $18.9, (vi) payments of $9.3 related to debt financing costs associated with the 2031 senior notes, and (vii) payments of $4.1 associated with the deferred purchase price related to acquisitions, partially offset by (a) net borrowings of $796.3 primarily under the u.s. commercial paper program, the majority of the proceeds of which were used to fund acquisitions and to redeem the 3.125% senior notes and the 4.00% senior notes, (b) net cash proceeds of $752.1, primarily related to the september 2021 issuance of the 2031 senior notes, and (c) cash proceeds of $288.5 from the exercise of stock options. in 2020, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) repurchases of the company's common stock of $641.3, (ii) debt repayments of $404.4 related to the company's 2.20% u.s. senior notes due april 2020 and other debt, (iii) net repayments of $385.8 related to the company's commercial paper programs, (iv) dividend payments of $297.6, (v) payment of $75.0 related to acquisition-related contingent consideration, (vi) payment of $16.2 associated with the deferred purchase price related to an acquisition, (vii) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $14.9, (vii) payments of $8.7 related to debt financing costs primarily associated with the 2025 senior notes and 2026 euro notes (each as defined below), and (viii) net repayments of $0.7 under the company's credit facilities, partially offset by (a) aggregate net cash proceeds of $942.3 from both the february 2020 issuance of the 2025 senior notes and the may 2020 issuance of the 2026 euro notes and (b) cash proceeds of $385.7 from the exercise of stock options. in 2019, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was driven primarily by (i) the aggregate debt repayments of $1,111.5 associated with certain of the company's senior notes (the 2.55% u.s. senior notes due january 2019 and the early extinguishment of the tendered notes in september 2019) and other long-term debt, (ii) repurchases of the company's common stock of $601.7, (iii) dividend payments of $279.5, (iv) net repayments of $229.0 related to the company's commercial paper programs, (v) distributions to and purchases of noncontrolling interests of $43.3, (vi) payments of $14.9 related to debt financing costs primarily associated with the revolving credit facility, the 4.350% senior notes due june 2029 (the "2029 senior notes"), and the 2.800% senior notes due february 2030 (the "2030 senior notes"), and (vii) premiums and fees paid of $13.4 related to the early extinguishment of the tendered notes, partially offset by (a) aggregate net cash proceeds of $1,398.8 from the issuances of the 2029 senior notes and the 2030 senior notes and (b) cash proceeds of $246.1 from the exercise of stock options.
the company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. the company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. the company's debt financing includes the use of the commercial paper programs, the revolving credit facility and senior notes as part of its overall cash management strategy.
on november 30, 2021, the company amended and restated its $2,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility"). as a result, the revolving credit facility no longer references libor for interest rate determinations. the revolving credit facility maintains the lenders' aggregate commitments under the facility at $2,500.0. the revolving credit facility matures in november 2026 and gives the company the ability to borrow, in various currencies, at a spread that varies based on the company's debt rating over certain currency-specific benchmark rates, which benchmark rates in the case of u.s. dollar borrowings are either the base rate or the adjusted term secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). the company may utilize the revolving credit facility for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. the revolving credit facility requires payment of certain annual agency and commitment fees and requires that the company satisfy certain financial covenants. at december 31, 2021, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the revolving credit facility.
the company has a commercial paper program pursuant to which the company may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the "uscp notes") in one or more private placements in the united states (the "u.s. commercial paper program"). the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of uscp notes at any time is $2,500.0. on april 7, 2021, a combination of borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program and cash on hand were used to fund the acquisition of mts. the company also used borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program to (i) redeem, in the third quarter of 2021, its unsecured 3.125% senior notes due september 15, 2021, of which $227.7 aggregate principal amount was outstanding and (ii) redeem, in the fourth quarter of 2021, its unsecured 4.00% senior notes due february 1, 2022, of which $295.0 aggregate principal amount was outstanding. as of december 31, 2021, the amount of uscp notes outstanding was $795.2, with a weighted average interest rate of 0.29%.
in july 2018, the company and one of its wholly owned european subsidiaries (the "euro issuer") entered into a commercial paper program (the "euro commercial paper program" and, together with the u.s. commercial paper program, the "commercial paper programs") pursuant to which the euro issuer may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes (the "ecp notes" and, together with the uscp notes, the "commercial paper"), which are guaranteed by the company and are to be issued outside of the united states. the ecp notes may be issued in euros, sterling, u.s. dollars or other currencies. the maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding of ecp notes at any time is $2,000.0. as of december 31, 2021, there were no ecp notes outstanding.
amounts available under the commercial paper programs may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. in conjunction with the revolving credit facility, as of december 31, 2021, the authorization from the board limits the maximum principal amount outstanding of uscp notes, ecp notes, and any other commercial paper or similar programs, along with outstanding amounts under the revolving credit facility, at any time to $2,500.0 in the aggregate.  the commercial paper programs are rated a-2 by standard & poor's and p-2 by moody's and, based on the board's authorization described above, are currently backstopped by the revolving credit facility, as amounts undrawn under the company's revolving credit facility are available to repay commercial paper, if necessary. net proceeds of the issuances of commercial paper are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. the company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future.
principal           interest amount                  rate       maturity
on february 20, 2020, the company issued $400.0 principal amount of unsecured 2.050% senior notes due march 1, 2025 (the "2025 senior notes"). on april 1, 2020, the company used the net proceeds from the 2025 senior notes, together with cash on hand, to repay the $400.0 outstanding principal amount of unsecured 2.20% senior notes due april 1, 2020 upon maturity.
all of the company's outstanding senior notes in the united states (the "u.s. senior notes") are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the company's and the euro issuer's other unsecured senior indebtedness. interest on each series of u.s. senior notes is payable semiannually. the company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of u.s. senior notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions.
on may 4, 2020, the euro issuer issued €500.0 (approximately $545.4 at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured 0.750% senior notes due may 4, 2026 (the "2026 euro notes"). the company used the net proceeds from the 2026 euro notes to repay amounts outstanding under the then existing revolving credit facility.
in 2018, the euro issuer issued €500.0 (approximately $574.6 at date of issuance) principal amount of unsecured 2.000% senior notes due october 8, 2028 (the "2028 euro notes", collectively with the 2026 euro notes, "euro notes", and collectively with the 2026 euro notes and the u.s. senior notes, the "senior notes"). the company used a portion of the net proceeds from the 2028 euro notes to repay a portion of the outstanding amounts under its commercial paper programs, with the remainder of the net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes.
the euro notes are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with the company's and the euro issuer's other unsecured senior indebtedness, and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the
company. interest on each series of euro notes is payable annually. the company may, at its option, redeem some or all of any series of euro notes at any time, subject to certain terms and conditions.
the senior notes impose certain obligations on the company and prohibit various actions by the company unless it satisfies certain financial requirements. on december 31, 2021, the company was in compliance with all requirements under its senior notes. refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the company's debt.
in april 2018, the board authorized a stock repurchase program under which the company could purchase up to $2,000.0 of the company's common stock during the three-year period ending april 24, 2021 (the "2018 stock repurchase program") in accordance with the requirements of rule 10b-18 of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"). during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company repurchased 3.1 million shares of its common stock for $203.8 under the 2018 stock repurchase program. as a result of these purchases, the company completed all purchases authorized under the 2018 stock repurchase program and, therefore, the 2018 stock repurchase program has terminated. of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2018 stock repurchase program, 0.3 million shares, or $19.8, were retained in treasury stock at the time of repurchase; the remaining 2.8 million shares, or $184.0, were retired by the company. during the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, the company repurchased 12.0 million and 13.1 million shares of its common stock for $641.3 and $601.7, respectively, under the 2018 stock repurchase program. of the total repurchases made in 2020, 2.7 million shares, or $153.9, were retained in treasury stock at the time of repurchase; the remaining 9.3 million shares, or $487.4, were retired by the company. of the total repurchases made in 2019, 2.0 million shares, or $87.6, were retained in treasury stock at the time of repurchase; the remaining 11.1 million shares, or $514.1, were retired by the company.
on april 27, 2021, the board authorized a new stock repurchase program under which the company may purchase up to $2,000.0 of the company's common stock during the three-year period ending april 27, 2024 (the "2021 stock repurchase program") in accordance with the requirements of rule 10b-18 of the exchange act. during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company repurchased 6.2 million shares of its common stock for $457.9 under the 2021 stock repurchase program. of the total repurchases made in 2021 under the 2021 stock repurchase program, 0.4 million shares, or $33.0, have been retained in treasury stock at the time of repurchase; the remaining 5.8 million shares, or $424.9, have been or will be retired by the company. from january 1, 2022 through january 31, 2022, the company repurchased 0.6 million additional shares of its common stock for $50.0 under the 2021 stock repurchase program, and, as of february 1, 2022, has remaining authorization to purchase up to $1,492.1 of its common stock under the 2021 stock repurchase program. the price and timing of any future purchases under the 2021 stock repurchase program will depend on a number of factors such as levels of cash generation from operations, the volume of stock options exercised by employees, cash requirements for acquisitions, dividends paid, economic and market conditions and the price of the company's common stock.
contingent upon declaration by the board, the company pays a quarterly dividend on shares of its common stock. on october 20, 2020, the board approved an increase to its quarterly dividend rate from $0.125 per share to $0.145 per share effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2020, and then on october 26, 2021, approved a further increase to its quarterly dividend rate from $0.145 per share to $0.20 per share effective with dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2021, contingent upon declaration by the board. the following table summarizes the declared quarterly dividends per share for each of the three years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
the following table summarizes the dividends declared and paid for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
libor transition in july 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced its intent to phase out the use of libor by the end of 2021. in december 2020, the ice benchmark administration published a consultation on its intention to extend the publication of certain u.s. dollar libor ("usd libor") rates until june 30, 2023. subsequently in march 2021, the fca announced some usd libor tenors (overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month) will continue to be published until june 30, 2023. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, identified the sofr as its preferred benchmark alternative to usd libor. the sofr represents a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and is calculated based on directly observable u.s. treasury-backed repurchase transactions. in march 2020, in response to this transition, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting guidance providing certain optional expedients and exceptions for applying u.s. gaap to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference libor or another reference rate expected to be discontinued by reference rate reform, and addresses operational issues likely to arise in modifying contracts to replace discontinued reference rates with new rates. in january 2021, the fasb issued further clarifying guidance surrounding derivatives, as it relates to this transition. effective november 30, 2021, the revolving credit facility no longer references libor for interest rate determinations. due to our current limited reliance on borrowings tied to libor, the company currently believes that the libor transition will not have a material impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
pensions the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the united states have defined benefit pension plans ("u.s. plans"), which cover certain u.s. employees and which represent the majority of the plan assets and benefit obligations of the aggregate defined benefit plans of the company. the u.s. plans' benefits are generally based on years of service and compensation and are generally noncontributory. the majority of u.s. employees are not covered by the u.s. plans and are instead covered by various defined contribution plans. certain foreign subsidiaries also have defined benefit plans covering their employees (the "foreign plans" and, together with the u.s. plans, the "plans"). the total liability for accrued pension and postretirement benefit obligations associated with the company's underfunded pension and postretirement benefit plans decreased in 2021 to $173.9 from $211.0 in 2020, primarily due to the impact of higher discount rates on our projected benefit obligation, along with actual returns on plan assets. there is no current requirement for cash contributions to any of the u.s. plans, and the company plans to evaluate annually, based on actuarial calculations and the investment performance of the plans' assets, the timing and amount of cash contributions in the future.
refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's benefit plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
acquisitions and divestitures during 2021, the company completed seven acquisitions for $2,225.4, net of cash acquired, while also completing the divestiture of the divested mts business, as defined and discussed below. all but one of the 2021 acquisitions were included in the interconnect products and assemblies segment. the 2021 acquisitions were not material, either individually or in the aggregate, to the company.
acquisition of mts on april 7, 2021, pursuant to a definitive agreement dated december 9, 2020, by and among the company and mts systems corporation ("mts"), the company completed the acquisition of mts for a total enterprise value of approximately $1,700, net of cash acquired and including the repayment of all outstanding debt and certain liabilities. the mts acquisition was funded through a combination of borrowings under the u.s. commercial paper program and cash on hand. at closing, the company paid approximately $1,300, net of cash acquired, for 100% of the common stock of mts, including certain liabilities settled at closing, which is reflected within net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2021. in addition, the company also assumed mts's then-outstanding $350.0 principal amount of senior notes due august 15, 2027. shortly after the closing, the company repaid and settled the mts senior notes for approximately $387.3, which included accrued interest and a make-whole premium incurred as a result of the early extinguishment of the senior notes. the repayment of the outstanding senior notes, including the make-whole premium and excluding
interest, was reflected within net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2021. prior to the acquisition, mts was a leading global supplier of precision sensors, advanced test systems and motion simulators. mts was historically organized into two business segments: sensors ("mts sensors") and test & simulation ("mts t&s"). the mts sensors business provides the company with a highly complementary offering of high-technology, harsh environment sensors sold into diverse end markets and applications. the mts sensors business further expands the company's range of sensor and sensor-based products across a wide array of industries and is reported as part of our continuing operations and within our interconnect products and assemblies segment. in the second quarter of 2021, the company incurred $55.4 ($44.6 after-tax, or $0.07 per diluted share) of acquisition-related expenses, comprised primarily of transaction, severance, restructuring and certain non-cash purchase accounting costs related to the mts acquisition.
sale of the divested mts business on january 19, 2021 and prior to the closing of the mts acquisition, the company entered into a definitive agreement to sell mts (including the mts t&s business, but excluding the mts sensors business) to illinois tool works inc. ("itw"). throughout this annual report, we refer to mts (including the mts t&s business, but excluding the mts sensors business) as the "divested mts business". as a result of the agreement to sell the divested mts business to itw, the company concluded that the divested mts business met the discontinued operations reporting criteria and "held for sale" accounting criteria as of the mts acquisition date of april 7, 2021, and consequently, the company did not assign the divested mts business to either of its two reportable business segments. accordingly, the company accounted for the operating results and related cash flows associated with the divested mts business as discontinued operations through the date of its sale to itw in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. income from discontinued operations attributable to amphenol corporation, net of income taxes, was $21.4 for the year ended december 31, 2021. on december 1, 2021, the company completed the sale of the divested mts business for approximately $750, net of cash divested and excluding related transaction fees and expenses. the proceeds from the sale of the divested mts business were included in net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2021. amphenol has no continuing involvement with the divested mts business now that its sale has been consummated. after giving effect to the sale of the divested mts business as well as the repayment of the aforementioned mts senior notes as part of the mts acquisition, the company paid approximately $950, net of cash acquired and excluding related transaction fees and expenses, for the retained mts sensors business. refer to note 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details related to the completed divestiture of the divested mts business.
acquisition of halo technology limited on december 1, 2021, the company completed the acquisition of approximately 97% of the common stock of halo technology limited ("halo") for a purchase price of approximately $694, net of cash acquired. the sellers retained a less than 3% noncontrolling interest in halo, which includes redeemable features that are outside the control of the company and therefore, has been classified as temporary equity on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021, as discussed in more detail in notes 1 and 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the acquisition was funded with cash on hand. halo, which is headquartered in the united states (california), is a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components, with product offerings that are highly complementary to our existing high-speed and fiber optic interconnect solutions for the communications infrastructure markets. the operating results for halo have been included within continuing operations in the consolidated statements of income since the acquisition date.
for further discussion of the company's acquisitions, as well as the company's discontinued operations and completed divestiture of the divested mts business, refer to note 11 and note 12, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters certain operations of the company are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. the company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. for more information on certain environmental matters, refer to note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
inflation and costs the cost of the company's products is influenced by the cost of a wide variety of raw materials. the company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost saving programs. however, in certain markets, particularly in communications related markets, implementing price increases can be difficult and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. from time to time, the company may encounter difficulties in obtaining certain raw materials or components necessary for production due to supply chain constraints and logistical challenges, which may also negatively impact the pricing of materials and components sourced or used by the company. while the company does not currently anticipate any significant, broad-based difficulties in obtaining raw materials or components necessary for production, beginning in 2021 and into 2022, there have been supply chain and logistical challenges that have impacted the global economy, including our company, and have caused supply constraints and commodity price increases on certain raw materials and components used by the company in production, as well as lower availability of, and increased prices for, freight and logistics, including air, sea and ground freight. consequently, the company may experience supply shortages for discrete raw materials or components in the future, which could be further exacerbated by increased commodity prices and additional inflation. for a discussion of certain risks related to inflation and costs, refer to the risk factor titled "the company and certain of its suppliers and customers are experiencing difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the company's raw materials and components is increasing" in part i, item 1a herein.
foreign currency exchange rates the company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies, including possible currency devaluations. changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the company's sales, operating margins and equity. the company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, working capital management and hedging contracts. however, there can be no assurance that these actions will be fully effective in managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the company's worldwide operations. for further discussion of foreign exchange exposures, risks and uncertainties, refer to the risk factor titled "the company's results have at times been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates" in part i, item 1a herein.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to assessing the company's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows in accordance with u.s. gaap, management utilizes certain non-gaap financial measures defined below as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating and forecasting the company's financial performance, communicating operating results to the board and assessing related employee compensation measures. management believes that these non-gaap financial measures may be helpful to investors in assessing the company's overall financial performance, trends and year-over-year comparative results, in addition to the reasons noted below. non-gaap financial measures related to operating income, operating margin, net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, effective tax rate and diluted eps from continuing operations exclude income and expenses that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented. items excluded in the presentation of such non-gaap financial measures in any period may consist of, without limitation, acquisition-related expenses, refinancing-related costs, and certain discrete tax items including but not limited to (i) the excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and (ii) the impact of significant changes in tax law. non-gaap financial measures related to net sales exclude the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and acquisitions.  non-gaap financial measures and their most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures presented within this item 7 are on a continuing operations basis only and exclude any results associated with discontinued operations. the non-gaap financial information contained herein is included for supplemental purposes only and should not be considered in isolation, as a substitute for or superior to the related u.s. gaap financial measures. in addition, these non-gaap financial measures are not necessarily the same or comparable to similar measures presented by other companies as such measures may be calculated differently or may exclude different items.
the non-gaap financial measures defined below should be read in conjunction with the company's financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. the reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the
most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are included in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" within this item 7:
●   adjusted diluted eps is defined as diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap), excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented. adjusted diluted eps is calculated as adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, as defined below, divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares as reported in the consolidated statements of income.
●   adjusted effective tax rate is defined as provision for income taxes, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, expressed as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, each excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   adjusted net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation is defined as net income from continuing operations attributable to amphenol corporation, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, excluding income and expenses and their specific tax effects that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   adjusted operating income is defined as operating income, as reported in the consolidated statements of income, excluding income and expenses that are not directly related to the company's operating performance during the years presented.
●   constant currency net sales growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. the company's results are subject to volatility related to foreign currency translation fluctuations. as such, management evaluates the company's sales performance based on actual sales growth in u.s. dollars, as well as organic net sales growth (defined below) and constant currency net sales growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends.
●   free cash flow is defined as (i) net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations ("operating cash flow" - as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap) less (ii) capital expenditures (as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap), net of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment (as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap), all of which are derived from the consolidated statements of cash flow. free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for the company, as we believe it is useful for management and investors to assess our ability to generate cash, as well as to assess how much cash can be used to reinvest in the growth of the company or to return to stockholders through either stock repurchases or dividends.
●   organic net sales growth is defined as the year-over-year percentage change in net sales growth resulting from operating volume and pricing changes, and excludes the impact of (i) changes in foreign currency exchange rates (described above), which is outside the control of the company, and (ii) acquisitions, both of which are taken as a percentage of the respective prior year period(s) net sales. the acquisition impact represents the percentage impact on net sales resulting from acquisitions that have not been included in the company's consolidated results for the full current year period(s) and/or prior comparable year period(s) presented. such net sales related to these acquisitions do not reflect the underlying growth of the company on a comparative basis. management evaluates the company's sales performance based on actual sales growth in u.s. dollars, as well as constant currency net sales growth (defined above) and organic net sales growth, and believes that such information is useful to investors to assess the underlying sales trends.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including those adopted by the company.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. management bases its estimates on historical experience along with other assumptions that we believe are reasonable in formulating our bases for making judgements regarding the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent elsewhere. estimates are adjusted as new information becomes available. actual results could differ from those estimates. the company believes that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical since they require significant assumptions and judgments that inherently are subject to risks and uncertainties. the significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition topic 606
the company's net sales in the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are presented under accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) (collectively with its related subsequent amendments, "topic 606"). the company's primary source of revenues consist of product sales to either end customers and their appointed contract manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers) or to distributors. our revenues are derived from contracts with customers, which in most cases are customer purchase orders that may be governed by master sales agreements. for each contract, the promise to transfer the control of the products, each of which is individually distinct, is considered to be the identified performance obligation. as part of the consideration promised in each contract, the company evaluates the customer's credit risk. our contracts do not have any significant financing components, as payment terms are generally due net 30 to 120 days after delivery. although products are almost always sold at fixed prices, in determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund (due to returns) or adjustment (due to volume discounts, rebates, or price concessions) to determine the net consideration we expect to be entitled to. we allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected from the customer, including but not limited to sales and use taxes and value-added taxes, are not included in the transaction price.
the vast majority of our sales are recognized at a point-in-time under the core principle of recognizing revenue when control transfers to the customer, which generally occurs when we ship or deliver the product from our manufacturing facility to our customers, when our customer accepts and has legal title of the goods, and where the company has a present right to payment for such goods. based on the respective contract terms, most of our contracts' revenues are recognized either (i) upon shipment based on free on board ("fob") shipping point or (ii) when the product arrives at its destination. for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, less than 5% of our net sales were recognized over time, where the associated contracts relate to the sale of goods with no alternative use as they are only sold to a single customer and whose underlying contract terms provide the company with an enforceable right to payment, including a reasonable profit margin, for performance completed to date, in the event of customer termination. for the contracts recognized over time, we typically record revenue using the input method, based on the materials and labor costs incurred to date relative to the contract's total estimated costs. this method reasonably depicts when and as control of the goods transfers to the customer, since it measures our progress in producing the goods which is generally commensurate with this transfer of control. since we typically invoice our customers at the same time that we satisfy our performance obligations, contract assets and contract liabilities related to our contracts with customers recorded in the consolidated balance sheets were not material as of december 31, 2021 and 2020.
standard product warranty coverage, which provides assurance that our products will conform to the contractually agreed-upon specifications for a limited period from the date of shipment, is typically offered, while extended or separately priced warranty coverage is typically not offered. the warranty claim is generally limited to a credit equal to the purchase price or a promise to repair or replace the product for a specified period of time at no additional charge. we estimate our warranty liability based on historical experience, product history, and current trends.
income taxes deferred income taxes are provided for revenue and expenses which are recognized in different periods for income tax and financial statement reporting purposes.  the company recognizes the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on deferred income taxes in the period in which legislation is enacted. deferred income taxes are provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries in the period in which the company determines it no longer intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. as of december 31, 2021, the company has not provided for deferred income taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $1,000 related to certain geographies, as it is the company's intention to permanently reinvest such earnings outside the united states. it is impracticable to calculate the amount of taxes that would be payable if these undistributed foreign earnings were to be repatriated. in addition, the company remains indefinitely reinvested with respect to its financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries. it is not practicable to determine the deferred tax liability with respect to such basis differences. deferred tax assets are regularly assessed for recoverability based on both historical and anticipated earnings levels and a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that these amounts will not be recovered.
the tax effects of an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns are recognized only if it is "more likely than not" to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on its technical merits as of the reporting date.  the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  the company includes estimated interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
as a result of the tax act, the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provision imposed a tax on certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the company elected an accounting policy to account for gilti as a period cost. the u.s. treasury department has issued final interpretive guidance relating to certain provisions of the tax act and proposed additional guidance related to the same provisions. the company will account for the impact of additional guidance in the period in which any new guidance is released, if appropriate.