item 1a.    risk factors we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k, the following material factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our regulated businesses are subject to extensive regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our regulated businesses also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for an inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to regulation by state pucs. this regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us with the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
•cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
•enable us to recover our investment; and
•provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval by the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our regulated businesses, which are required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions, dispositions, debt and/or equity financing, and, in certain cases, affiliated transactions. some state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
pucs and other governmental authorities have taken, and may continue to take, emergency or other actions in light of the on-going covid-19 pandemic that may impact us, including prohibiting the termination of service for non-payment and extending or delaying procedural schedules in our regulatory proceedings. we are unable to predict the range of impacts that the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and other related events may have on our ability to obtain these approvals as needed or requested by our regulated businesses in the ordinary course or at all, or the nature or impacts of any further emergency or other action that may be taken by the pucs or other governmental authorities.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if the rates approved are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including, but not limited to, water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, customers increase their conservation efforts, or we experience unanticipated impacts of the on-going covid-19 pandemic, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the levels estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including with respect to contaminants of emerging concern, compliance with which could impact both our operating costs and capital expenditures, and violations of which could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation.
our regulated water and wastewater operations and the operations of our market-based businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. these requirements include, among others, cercla, the clean water act, the safe drinking water act, the lcr, and other federal and state requirements. for example, state pucs and environmental regulators set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves providing water service for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
in addition, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations and their enforcement, have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our regulated businesses through customer rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination, including potential releases of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of residual waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
attention is being given to contaminants of emerging concern, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). examples of sources of contaminants include, but are not limited to, newly created chemical compounds (including, for example, manufactured nanomaterials); human and veterinary products; perfluorinated and polyfluorinated compounds; bacteria, microbes, viruses (including the coronavirus), amoebae and other pathogens; and residual by-products of disinfection. we rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants, and our role is to provide service that meets these standards, if any. in some of our states, pucs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for a contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. furthermore, given the rapid pace at which these contaminants are being created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system or supplies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. in addition, we believe these contaminants may form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams, groundwater aquifers and recycled water sources, are held in the public trust and are not generally owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the source water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities or by entering into water purchase agreements. these requirements, which can change from time to time, and vary by state or region, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water. if we are unable to secure available or alternative sources of water, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order"), as amended by a july 2016 order (the "2016 order"), of the swrcb that requires our california subsidiary to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule that terminated on december 31, 2021 (the "2021 deadline"). see item 3-legal proceedings-alternative water supply in lieu of carmel river diversions, which includes additional information regarding this matter. we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. beginning in january 2022, cal am currently expects that it will be able to comply with the diversion reduction requirement schedule contained in the 2016 order, but continued compliance with the diversion reduction requirements for 2023 and future years will depend on successful development of alternate water supply sources sufficient to meet customer demand. the 2009 order and the 2016 order remain in effect until cal am certifies to the swrcb, and the swrcb concurs, that cal am has obtained a permanent supply of water to substitute for past unauthorized carmel river diversions. while the company cannot currently predict the likelihood or result of any adverse outcome associated with these matters, further attempts to comply with the 2009 order and the 2016 order may result in material additional costs or obligations, including fines and penalties against our california subsidiary in the event of noncompliance with the 2009 order and the 2016 order, which could have a material adverse effect upon us and our business, results of operations and cash flows.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, climate variability patterns or natural or other disasters may disrupt our operations or reduce the demand for our water services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather, climate variability patterns and natural or other events are possible across all our businesses. these include, among other things, storms, freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, drought, wildfires, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic) and epidemics, severe electrical storms, sinkholes and solar flares. weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. tariffs in place or cost recovery proceedings with respect to our regulated businesses may not provide reimbursement to us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. responses may range from voluntary to mandatory water use restrictions, rationing restrictions, water conservation regulations, and requirements to minimize water system leaks. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant puc determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot assure that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
climate variability may cause increased volatility in weather and may impact water usage and related revenue or require additional expenditures, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise.
the issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. there is consensus among climate scientists that there will be worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. many climate variability predictions present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, including us, such as:
•increased precipitation and flooding;
•increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events;
•challenges associated with changes in temperature or increases in ocean levels;
•potential degradation of water quality;
•decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns;
•increased costs to repair damaged facilities; or
•increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency and severity of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of our water and wastewater treatment and conveyance facilities and systems.
because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. furthermore, laws and regulations have been enacted that seek to reduce or limit ghg emissions and require additional reporting and monitoring, and these regulations may become more pervasive or stringent in light of changing governmental agendas and priorities, although the exact nature and timing of these changes is uncertain. although some or all potential expenditures and costs associated with the impact of climate variability and related laws and regulations on our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates, infrastructure replacement surcharges or other regulatory mechanisms, there can be no assurance that state pucs would authorize rate increases to enable us to recover such expenditures and costs, in whole or in part.
the current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses as a result of inflation or other factors, incur increased cost of capital, including as a result of increasing short- and long-term rates, or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in rate case applications; our inability to mitigate or minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time our regulated businesses make a capital investment or incur an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory practices. for example, two of our states have approved revenue stability mechanisms that adjust rates periodically to ensure that a utility's revenue will be sufficient to cover its costs regardless of sales volume, including recognition of declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in addition, 10 of our state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the general rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. furthermore, in setting rates, nine of our state pucs allow us to use future test years, which extend beyond the date a rate request is filed to allow for current or projected revenues, expenses and investments to be reflected in rates on a more timely basis. other examples of such regulatory practices include expense mechanisms that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs, property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under a general rate case application process without the mechanisms.
while these mechanisms have mitigated or reduced regulatory lag in several of our regulated states, we continue to seek approval of regulatory practices to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag in those jurisdictions that have not approved them. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharges and existing mechanisms may not continue in their current form, or at all, or we may be unable or become ineligible to continue to utilize certain of these mechanisms in the future. although we intend to continue our efforts to seek state puc approval of constructive regulatory practices to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if partially successful, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations can significantly and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to our regulated businesses is uncertain. changes in laws or regulations, the imposition of additional laws and regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operations, results of operations and cash flows. certain of the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes of the individuals who serve as regulators and changes in the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
•making it more difficult for us to increase our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
•changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases and other regulatory proceedings;
•restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
•requiring us to provide water or wastewater services at reduced rates to certain customers;
•limiting or restricting our ability to acquire water or wastewater systems, purchase or dispose of assets, or issue long-term debt or equity, or making it less cost-effective for us to do so;
•negatively impacting, among other things: (i) tax rates or positions or the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, (ii) the availability or amount of, or our ability to comply with the terms and conditions of, tax credits or tax abatement benefit, (iii) the amount of taxes owed, (iv) the timing of tax effects on rates or (v) the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
•changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
•increasing the associated costs of, or difficulty complying with, environmental, health, safety, consumer privacy, water quality, and water quality accountability laws and regulations to which our operations are subject;
•changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
•making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or for governmental agencies or private plaintiffs to assess liability against us for damages under these or similar processes;
•placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
•restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
•revoking or altering the terms of a cpcn issued to us by a state puc or other governmental authority.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs and liabilities.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated or inadequately treated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. certain of our wastewater systems have commercial and industrial customers that are subject to specific limitations on the type, character and strength of the wastewater they are permitted to discharge into our systems. the failure by these commercial and industrial customers to comply with their respective discharge requirements could, in turn, negatively impact our operations, damage our facilities or cause us to exceed applicable discharge limitations and requirements. liabilities resulting from such exceedance events could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a loss of one or more large industrial or commercial customers could have a material adverse impact upon the results of operations of one or more of our regulated businesses.
adverse economic conditions, including the covid-19 pandemic or other factors, may cause our customers, particularly industrial and large commercial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by such a customer typically results in reduced water usage by that customer. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions affecting these customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. tariffs in place with respect to our regulated businesses may not reimburse us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, experience increases in short- and long-term interest rates or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment, and to improve aging infrastructure. in 2021, we invested $1.8 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems will continue into the future and, we believe, will increase. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations (including, among other things, a portion of the net proceeds from the sales of hos and our new york subsidiary), borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt and equity. we may not be able to access our revolving credit facility or the commercial paper, long-term debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all. if we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of supply chain interruptions, construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, legal and regulatory challenges, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aging infrastructure may lead to service disruptions, property damage and increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including water and sewer mains, pumping stations and water and wastewater treatment facilities. additionally, we may have limited information regarding buried and newly acquired assets, which could challenge our ability to conduct efficient asset management and maintenance practices. assets that have aged beyond their expected useful lives may experience a higher rate of failure. failure of aging infrastructure could result in increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, and negatively impact our future o&m efficiency ratio. in addition, failure of aging infrastructure may result in property damage, and in safety, environmental and public health impacts. to the extent that any increased costs or expenditures are not fully recovered in rates, our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
seasonality could adversely affect the volume of water sold and our revenues.
the volume of water we sell during the warmer months, typically in the summer, is generally greater than during other months, due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, the volume of water sold tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the amount of water we sell may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
two of our jurisdictions, california and illinois, have adopted revenue stability mechanisms that permit us to recover the revenues authorized in a general rate case, regardless of sales volume. revenue stability mechanisms are designed to recognize declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in those jurisdictions that have not adopted a revenue stability mechanism, our operating results could continue to be affected by seasonality.
contamination of water supplies or our water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reductions in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants or are delivered through our distribution system, or the water service that is provided to our customers, may be subject to contamination, including, among other items, contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from manufactured sources (such as perchlorate, perfluorinated and polyfluorinated compounds, methyl tertiary butyl ether, 1,4-dioxane, lead and other materials, or chemical spills or other incidents that result in contaminants entering the water source), and possible terrorist attacks or other similar incidents. in addition, new categories of contaminants continue to emerge in the water industry. if one of our water supplies or the water service provided to our customers is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) limiting use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply, in whole or in part, potentially impacting basic sanitation and fire protection needs. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through the expansion of our current treatment facilities or the development of new sources of supply or new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through insurance, customer rates, tariffs or contract terms, and any recovery of these costs that we are able to obtain through regulatory proceedings or otherwise may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of an interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies. see item 3-legal proceedings for information on certain pending lawsuits related to interruptions of water service.
since we are engaged in the business of providing water service to our customers, contamination of the water supply, or the water service provided to our customers, could result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. we may not be protected from these claims or negative impacts of these claims in whole or in part by tariffs or other contract terms. negative impacts to our reputation may occur even if we are not liable for any contamination or other environmental damage or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances within the water supply or distributed finished drinking water. in addition, insurance coverage may not cover all or a portion of these losses, and are subject to deductibles and other limitations. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions.
our business and operations have a large direct and indirect customer base and, as a result, we are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of water service, wastewater and related or ancillary services, the quality of water provided, and the amount, timeliness, accuracy and format of bills that are provided for such services. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment arising out of these and other incidents may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view us in a favorable light, and may cause us to be susceptible to less favorable legislative, regulatory and economic outcomes, as well as increased regulatory or other oversight and more stringent regulatory or economic requirements. unfavorable regulatory and economic outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations and less favorable economic terms in our agreements related to our military services group, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on us and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulated businesses segment include 76 dams, the majority of which are earthen dams. the failure of any of these dams could result in personal injury and property damage, including without limitation downstream property damage, for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes, water mains and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes, water mains and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes, mains or reservoirs could result in injuries, property and other damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes, mains and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems, which involves risks, including competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers, which may hinder or limit our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition and optimization of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other systems or businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
the negotiation and execution of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired systems or businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
•incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities and environmental liabilities and obligations, including liabilities that were unknown or undisclosed at the time of acquisition;
•failure to recover acquisition premiums;
•unanticipated capital expenditures;
•failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
•the need to successfully integrate the acquired systems' operations and water quality, cybersecurity and infrastructure protection measures;
•recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
•unanticipated acquisition-related expenses;
•failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
•difficulties in integrating or assimilating personnel, benefits, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business. the systems and businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated revenue, return on equity or profitability, or other perceived synergies, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our net income and profitability or adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers for acquisition opportunities. as consolidation activity increases in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions continues to increase, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions.
our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation and other proceedings through eminent domain or other similar authorized process, which could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and financial condition.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. a municipality, other government subdivision or a citizen group may seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition.
for example, in november 2018, monterey, california ballot measure j, which was added by a citizens group, was certified as having been approved by a public vote, requiring the mpwmd to conduct a study and submit a written plan concerning the feasibility of a potential purchase of the monterey system assets without an additional public vote. the public vote led to the issuance by the mpwmd in november 2019 of a preliminary report finding, among other things, that the acquisition of the monterey system assets by the mpwmd would be economically feasible. also, five municipalities in the chicago, illinois area formed a water agency that filed an eminent domain lawsuit against our illinois subsidiary in january 2013, seeking to condemn a water pipeline that serves those five municipalities. this lawsuit remains pending, and a valuation trial is scheduled for the second quarter of 2022. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-condemnation and eminent domain, which includes additional information regarding these matters.
furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which our regulated businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if the public utility's infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. in these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. in california, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. some of these lawsuits have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. in some cases, the puc has disallowed recovery in rates of losses incurred by these utilities as a result of such lawsuits.
contesting an exercise of condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of management. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation, eminent domain or other process may not be successful, which may require us to sell the operations at issue in a condemnation proceeding or to pay a private property owner compensation for the property damage suffered. if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant charges. any of these outcomes may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and cyber attacks from internal or external sources. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our operational and technology systems throughout our businesses may be vulnerable to unauthorized external or internal access, due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our sensitive information, could also be targets of cyber attacks and unauthorized access. while we have instituted safeguards to protect our operational and technology systems, those safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cyber vulnerabilities. we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, our operations could be disrupted, property damaged, and customer and other confidential information lost or stolen; we could experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; we could suffer a loss of management time, attention and resources from our regular business operations; and we may be subject to increased regulation, litigation and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. experiencing a cyber security incident could also cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties. these types of events, either impacting our facilities or the industry in general, could also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. in many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. any theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others.
we have obtained cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
our business is subject to complex and evolving federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding consumer privacy and the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, which could result in, among other things, private or governmental claims or litigation against us, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased cost of operations.
laws and regulations are changing and increasing rapidly with respect to data and consumer privacy, security and protection. we are becoming subject to an increasing number of complex and continually evolving data and consumer privacy, security and protection laws and regulations administered by various federal, state and local governments, including, for example, the california consumer privacy act of 2018. federal and state governments have also adopted or are proposing other limitations on, or requirements regarding, the collection, distribution, use, security and storage of personally identifiable information. in addition, the federal trade commission and state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards on the collection, use and dissemination of data. moreover, we expect that current laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the united states will continue to evolve and increase, and we cannot determine the impact that compliance with such future laws, regulations or standards will have on us or on our business. any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with current or future federal, state, or local data or consumer privacy or security laws, regulations, policies, guidance, industry standards, or legal obligations, or any incident resulting in unauthorized access to, or acquisition, release, or transfer of personally identifiable information or other data relating to our customers, employees and others, may result in private or governmental enforcement actions, litigation or other claims against us, fines and penalties, or adverse perception or publicity about us and our businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and could result in us incurring substantial costs. these events could also require us to change our business practices, and the events or such changes may result in significant diversions of resources, distract management and divert the focus and attention of our security and technical personnel from other critical activities. any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our regulated businesses, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, cybersecurity, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to obtain insurance coverage related to our business, there can be no assurance that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we rely on technology to facilitate the management of our business as well as our customer and supplier relationships, and a failure or disruption of implemented technology could materially and adversely affect our business.
technology is an integral part of our business and operations, and any failure or disruption of the technology or related systems we implement could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business effectively and efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. we use technology systems to, among other things, bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage certain plant operations and construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor our plants and facilities, and manage human resources, supply chain, inventory, and accounts receivable collections. as a specific example, we depend on water meters to record and communicate the amount of water our customers use, and in recent years, we have experienced greater than expected performance failures with certain water meters used in the regulated businesses. when these occur, we work with meter manufacturers to determine and address the cause of such failures. while these and other failures that we have experienced have not to date had a material adverse effect on our operations, there can be no assurance that efforts to address performance failures or other issues we may experience with water meters will be successful and that these or future failures of water meters or other issues will not have a material adverse effect on us.
although we do not believe that the technology we have implemented or may in the future implement is at a materially greater risk of failure than that used by other similar organizations, our technology and operations that use or rely on technology remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things: failure or interruption of the technology or its related systems; loss or failure of power, internet, telecommunications or data network systems; and operator error or improper operation by, the negligent or improper supervision of, or the intentional acts of, employees, contractors and other third parties. any or all of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
an inability to successfully develop and implement new technologies poses substantial risks to our business and operational excellence strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a significant part of our long-term strategic focus on safety, operational excellence, o&m expense efficiency, water quality, asset and capital management and the customer experience includes implementing new technologies for, among other things: customer service and support; environmental compliance; water metering; water quality and source monitoring; cybersecurity; business development and growth; data analysis; employee development and training; and other initiatives. for example, we have made and plan to continue to make significant investments in developing, deploying and maintaining customer-facing technologies, applications to support field service and customer service operations, water source sensor and evaluation technologies, data analytics and hyperautomation technologies and artificial intelligence technologies. where appropriate, we also seek to align these new technologies with existing technology infrastructure and systems. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in designing, developing, deploying, integrating or maintaining these new technologies. because these efforts can be long-term in nature, these new technologies may be more costly or time-consuming than expected to design, develop, integrate and complete and may not ultimately deliver the expected or desired benefits upon completion. while we have and will continue to seek to recover costs and earn a return on capital expenditures with respect to the costs and expenses of development and deployment of these new technologies in our regulated businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in every instance or at all, and our inability to do so may adversely affect our ability to achieve intended o&m expense efficiencies or other key performance results and, ultimately, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational and technology systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks, or the implementation of new systems, may require substantial amounts of management's time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to multiple factors, including employees' ability to effectively use the new or upgraded system. we continue to implement technology to improve our business processes and customer interactions, and have installed new, and upgraded existing, technology systems. any technical or other difficulties in upgrading and improving existing or implementing new technology systems may increase costs beyond those anticipated and have an adverse or disruptive effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. we may also experience difficulties integrating current systems with new or upgraded systems, which may impact our ability to serve our customers effectively or efficiently. although we make efforts to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, business and operations, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been or will be mitigated, and any such impacts could harm our business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
disruptions in our supply chain related to goods, such as pipe, chemicals, fuel, electricity, equipment, water and other raw materials, and services, could adversely impact our operations and our ability to serve our customers, as well as our financial results.
our ability to serve our customers and operate our business in compliance with regulatory requirements is dependent upon purchasing or securing necessary goods and services from our suppliers and vendors. these items include but are not limited to contracted services, chemicals, pipe, valves, hydrants, fittings, fuel, equipment (including personal protective equipment), water and electricity. examples of supply chain disruptions include reduced quantities of goods available in the marketplace, delays in manufacturing or shipping goods, labor shortages at our suppliers or vendors, natural disasters and operational impacts to some of our suppliers or vendors. disruptions in our supply chain related to goods and services have occurred and we anticipate will continue to occur into the foreseeable future. supply chain disruptions may cause us to be unable to purchase or otherwise obtain needed goods or services at a reasonable price or at all, and may significantly increase the price of goods and services we may obtain from suppliers and vendors. this, in turn, may adversely impact our operations and our ability to serve our customers in compliance with regulatory requirements, as well as our associated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. while we attempt to plan for and have contingencies in place to address supply chain disruptions, our mitigation efforts may not be successful or may have further negative impacts on us.
our business has inherently dangerous work sites. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we may experience workforce or customer injuries or loss of life, and be exposed to financial losses, including penalties and other liabilities.
safety is a core value and a strategy at american water. our safety performance and progress to our ultimate desired goal of zero injuries are critical to our ability to carry out our operations effectively and to serve our customers, and thereby, to support our reputation. we maintain health and safety practices to protect our employees, customers, contractors, vendors and the public. eliminating all hazards all of the time is extremely challenging, but through strict adherence to our health and safety practices, and empowering employees to be safety leaders who are expected to stop work if deemed "unsafe," we believe we can achieve an injury-free workplace.
at our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, our employees, contractors and others are often in close proximity to large mechanical operating equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, electric and gas utility lines, below grade trenches and vaults, electrical and pneumatic hazards, fall from height hazards, suspended loads, hazardous chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites, we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement important safety procedures and practices above governmental regulatory requirements. as an essential business that must continue to provide water and wastewater services during the covid-19 pandemic, we are focused on the health and safety of our employees, contractors, vendors, customers and others who work at or visit our worksites. if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, or we fail to implement procedures, our employees, contractors and others may experience illness, or minor, serious or fatal injuries. unsafe work sites have the potential to increase employee turnover, expose us to litigation and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the delivery, handling, storage, use and disposal of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly delivered, handled, stored, used or disposed of, could result in serious injury, death, environmental damage or property damage, and could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to various environmental, transportation and occupational health and safety regulations. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to implement effective environmental health and safety work procedures and practices throughout our organization, including construction sites and operating facilities, the failure to comply with these regulations or procedures could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations and the ability to serve our customers.
as of december 31, 2021, approximately 47% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 73 collective bargaining agreements in place with 14 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements, 21 of which will expire during 2022, are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to successfully renew or renegotiate these labor contracts, or enter into new agreements, on terms that are acceptable to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations, may disrupt our operations, negatively impact the ability to serve our customers, and result in higher labor costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
financial, economic and market-related risks our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2021, our aggregate long-term and short-term debt balance (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $11.0 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
•exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
•limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;
•impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
•requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
•limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to borrow additional funds under the revolving credit facility or issue a combination of new short-term and long-term debt securities and/or equity. we continue to assess our short- and long-term liquidity needs in light of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the financial and capital markets, especially with respect to the market for corporate commercial paper, which experienced volatility and shortages of liquidity in march 2020. in response to these events, in march 2020, we entered into a $750 million 364-day term loan facility and immediately executed a $500 million draw thereunder to support our short-term liquidity by retaining that amount in cash. we repaid this term loan facility in full in march 2021. during 2021, we utilized other existing sources of liquidity, such as our current cash balances, cash flows from operations and borrowings under the revolving credit facility as necessary or desirable to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. we believe that existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. however, as the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy, the financial and capital markets and our operations continue to evolve, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. in the event of a sustained market deterioration, we may need to obtain additional sources of liquidity, which would require us to evaluate available alternatives and take appropriate actions.
moreover, additional borrowings may be required to repay or refinance outstanding indebtedness. other than debt with respect to the term loan facility, debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2022, 2023 and 2024 will be $57 million, $280 million and $474 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt or equity capital markets on favorable terms, if at all, to repay or refinance this debt. moreover, as new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to repay or refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
we have in the past entered into, and in the future may enter into, financial derivative instruments, including without limitation, interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps and u.s. treasury lock agreements. see item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. however, these efforts may not be effective to fully mitigate interest rate risk, and may expose us to other risks and uncertainties, including quarterly "mark to market" valuation risk associated with these instruments, that could negatively and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends in significant part on our future performance, which will be affected by the financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative (including tax initiatives and reforms, and other similar legislation or regulation), regulatory and other risk factors described in this section, many of which are beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected materially and adversely.
our inability to access the debt or equity capital or financial markets or other events could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, during 2021, we generally relied primarily on a $2.25 billion revolving credit facility, a $2.10 billion commercial paper program, our $750 million 364-day term loan facility (which expired and was repaid in full in march 2021) and the capital markets, to satisfy our liquidity needs. the revolving credit facility currently expires in accordance with its terms in march 2025. historically, we have regularly used our commercial paper program rather than the revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally could obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, $584 million of commercial paper outstanding and $76 million in outstanding letters of credit. there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to access this commercial paper program or revolving credit facility, when, as and if desired, or that the amount of capital available thereunder will be sufficient to meet all of our liquidity needs at a reasonable, or any, cost.
under the terms of the revolving credit facility, our consolidated debt cannot exceed 70% of our consolidated capitalization, as determined under the terms of the facility. if our equity were to decline or debt were to increase to a level that causes us to exceed this limit, lenders under the facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt thereunder immediately due and payable. to avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict our operational and financing flexibility. our ability to comply with this and other covenants contained in the revolving credit facility and our other consolidated indebtedness is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond our control. for example, events that could cause a reduction in equity include, without limitation, a significant write-down of our goodwill. even if we are able to comply with this or other covenants, the limitations on our operational and financial flexibility could harm our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that we may believe would be in our best interests or the interests of our shareholders to complete.
disruptions in the capital markets or changes in our credit ratings could also limit our ability to access capital on terms favorable to us or at all. while the lending banks that participate in the revolving credit facility have to date honored their commitments under those facilities, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. in such a case, we may not be able to access the commercial paper or debt or capital markets, or other sources of potential liquidity, in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under our revolving credit facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. short- or long-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of economic, legislative, political or other uncertainty, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, changes in u.s. tax and other laws, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital, debt or credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include delaying or deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures. finally, there is no assurance that we will be able to access the equity markets to obtain capital or financing when necessary or desirable and on terms that are reasonable or acceptable to us.
any of the foregoing events that impede our access to the debt or equity capital markets, or the failure of any of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions, could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
parent company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds.
parent company is a holding company and, as such, it has no substantive operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. parent company's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or repay indebtedness to parent company. prior to paying dividends to parent company, our regulated subsidiaries must comply with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements, and our covenants and other agreements. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay or upstream dividends to parent company. a failure or inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and parent company's ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2021, we had state nol carryforwards of approximately $123 million, and management believes it is more likely than not that these nol carryforwards will be recovered in the future. our state nol carryforwards began to expire in 2021 and will continue to expire through 2041. we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our state nol carryforwards, and the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income. our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the state nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our state nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.1 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2021. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past. we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or other circumstances. a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet the expectations of our regulators.
market volatility and other conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations and volatility, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. we are currently unable to predict the effect, if any, of the covid-19 pandemic or other events on the valuation of our pension assets and liabilities. a decline in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets as of the measurement date can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. interest rates have experienced volatility and are subject to potential further adjustments based on the actions of the u.s. federal reserve, and others. if interest rates are lower at the measurement date, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in assumptions, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected. in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that the discount rate used in our assumptions is reduced, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
additional risks related to market-based businesses parent company provides performance guarantees with respect to certain of the obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, which may adversely affect parent company if the guarantees are successfully enforced.
under the terms of certain agreements under which our market-based businesses, primarily msg, provide water and wastewater services to municipalities and federal governmental entities, parent company provides guarantees of specified performance obligations, including financial guarantees or deposits. in the event these obligations are not performed, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against parent company or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. at december 31, 2021, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $6.2 billion related to msg's contracts, and this amount is likely to increase if the number of military bases served by msg increases. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
msg's operations are subject to various risks associated with doing business with the u.s. government.
msg enters into contracts with the u.s. government for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems, which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to either an annual economic price adjustment, or a redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. annual economic price adjustment is an inflation index-based contract price increase mechanism. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable annual economic price adjustment or price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, entering into contracts with the u.s. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations, which are complex, and compliance with these regulations can be expensive and burdensome. if we were charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, we could be suspended or debarred from bidding on or receiving awards of new contracts with the u.s. government or our existing contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
general risk factors new accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the sec, the financial accounting standards board or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies or critical accounting estimates. these changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could also adversely affect our previously reported results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure.
our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with gaap, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations applicable to us. we have also implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act") and relevant sec rules, as well as other applicable regulations. such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by our management and board of directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. while we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated or unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and non-compliant disclosure and reporting. the consequences of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. the inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also harm our reputation, increase financing costs or adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, licensed operators, water quality and other operating and craft personnel, and management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. the company's actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those that are discussed under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k. the company has a disclosure committee consisting of members of senior management and other key employees involved in the preparation of the company's sec reports. the disclosure committee is actively involved in the review and discussion of the company's sec filings. for a discussion and analysis of the company's financial statements for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, please refer to item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 24, 2021.
overview american water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. the company employs approximately 6,400 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to over 14 million people in 24 states. the company's primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers, collectively presented as the "regulated businesses." the company's utilities operate in approximately 1,700 communities in 14 states in the united states, with 3.4 million active customers with services provided by its water and wastewater networks. services provided by the company's utilities are subject to regulation by pucs. the company also operates other market-based businesses that provide water, wastewater and other services to residential and smaller commercial customers, the u.s. government on military installations, as well as municipalities and utility customers, collectively presented as the "market-based businesses." these market-based businesses are not subject to economic regulation by state pucs. see item 1-business for additional information.
covid-19 pandemic update american water continues to monitor the covid-19 pandemic and has taken steps since the beginning of the pandemic to mitigate adverse impacts to the company. the company has three main areas of focus as part of its response to covid-19: the care and safety of its employees; the safety of its customers and the communities it serves; and the execution of its business continuity plan. american water continues to work with its vendors to prevent disruptions in its supply chain, and, at this time, has not experienced, and does not anticipate, any material disruptions. the company also continues to monitor the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the capital markets, including impacts that could increase its cost of capital.
the company has experienced financial impacts since the beginning of the pandemic resulting from lower revenues from the suspension of late fees and foregone reconnect fees in certain states, certain incremental o&m expenses, an increase in uncollectible accounts expense and additional debt costs. these impacts are collectively referred to as "financial impacts." see note 3-impact of the covid-19 pandemic in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may further impact american water, including without limitation, its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, will depend on future developments, which presently cannot be predicted.
as of february 16, 2022, american water has commission orders authorizing deferred accounting or cost recovery for covid-19 financial impacts in 11 of 13 jurisdictions. other regulatory actions to date are presented in the table below:
commission actions                           description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    states orders issued with deferred accounting       allows the company to establish regulatory assets to record certain financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        hi, in, md, nj, pa, va, wv orders issued with cost recovery             california's catastrophic event memorandum account allows the company's california subsidiary to track certain financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic for future recovery requests. iowa issued a base rate case order on june 28, 2021, authorizing recovery in rates of the covid-19 financial impacts deferred within its annual non-recurring expense rider. illinois has authorized cost recovery of the covid-19 financial impacts through a special purpose rider over a 24-month period, which was implemented effective october 1, 2020. additionally, illinois approved a bad debt rider tariff on december 16, 2020, allowing collection of actual bad debt expense over last authorized beginning april 2021 through february 2023. illinois approved a stipulation in march 2021 to allow the rider to be extended through the end of 2023. missouri issued a base rate case order on april 7, 2021, authorizing recovery in rates of the covid-19 financial impacts deferred through march 31, 2021 over a three-year period.        ca, ia, il, mo the company's pennsylvania subsidiary filed for a request with the pennsylvania public utility commission (the "papuc") to defer as a regulatory asset all identified covid-19 financial impacts. on september 15, 2021, the papuc issued an order approving the company's request to defer, with carrying costs, incremental uncollectible expense and other incremental costs net of savings attributed to the covid-19 pandemic. the papuc order denied the request to include lost revenues attributed to the waiver of late fees and reconnect fees and expenses associated with additional interest costs. additionally, the papuc order approved the request to allow for the continuation of the deferral of financial impacts, rejecting proposals from the intervening parties to define an end date to the deferral in 2021. as a result of the order discussed above, the company recorded a net $7 million reduction to its regulatory assets and corresponding impacts to revenue, interest expense and uncollectible expense during the third quarter of 2021. the company continues to evaluate options within its next base rate case to address these denied items and the resulting financial impact.
on july 28, 2021, the company's tennessee subsidiary filed a stipulation and settlement agreement with the consumer advocate unit in the financial division of the office of the tennessee attorney general, which reflected agreement on the deferral of covid-19-related financial impacts through april 30, 2021. on august 9, 2021, the tennessee public utility commission denied the stipulation and settlement agreement and moved to address the company's tennessee subsidiary's petition to defer the covid-19 financial impacts in a future hearing. on august 26, 2021, the company's tennessee subsidiary filed a motion to withdraw its pending petition, preserving its right to seek recovery of the covid-19 financial impacts in a future proceeding.
in december 2020, the kentucky public service commission issued an order denying a request to defer to a regulatory asset the financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic.
consistent with these regulatory orders, the company has recorded $36 million in regulatory assets and $6 million of regulatory liabilities for the financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2021.
as of february 16, 2022, one state, new jersey, continues moratoria until march 15, 2022, on the suspension of service disconnections due to non-payment. the moratoria on disconnects have expired in 12 states. the company continues to monitor the covid-19 pandemic and will continue to comply with the current ordered moratoria and any future moratoria implemented.
in 2019, the company completed and submitted its project completion certification to the new jersey economic development authority ("njeda") in connection with its capital investment in its corporate headquarters in camden, new jersey. the njeda determined that the company is qualified to receive $164 million in tax credits over a ten-year period. the company is required to meet various annual requirements in order to monetize one-tenth of the tax credits annually and is subject to a claw-back period if the company does not meet certain njeda requirements of the tax credit program in years 11 through 15. the company has made the necessary annual filings for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2020 and expects to make the 2021 filing by april 30, 2022. as a result, the company had receivables of $49 million and $115 million in other current assets and other long-term assets, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2021. the submitted filings are under review by the njeda and it is expected that the company will receive final njeda approval and monetize the credits in the first half of 2022.
in march 2020, in connection with the covid-19 pandemic, the njeda, pursuant to executive order 103 - state of emergency and a public health emergency, temporarily waived the requirement that a full-time employee must spend at least 80% of his or her time at the qualified business facility ("qbf") to meet the definition of eligible position or full-time job. the waiver will continue for as long as new jersey's executive order 281 is valid. on july 2, 2021, new jersey's governor approved a bill that revised provisions of the economic recovery act of 2020 and other economic development programs, including amending the definition of an eligible position and full-time job in the grow new jersey program and replacing the 80% requirement of time spent at the qbf. the bill states that an eligible position is one that is filled by a full-time employee who has their primary office at the qbf and spends at least 60% of their time at the qbf. the bill specifically states that it supersedes the existing regulations and existing incentive agreements that require an eligible employee spend at least 80% of their time at the qbf.
sale of homeowner services group on the closing date, the company sold all of the equity interests in subsidiaries that comprised hos to the buyer for total consideration of approximately $1.275 billion, resulting in a pre-tax gain on sale of $748 million. the consideration is comprised of $480 million in cash, a seller promissory note issued by the buyer in the principal amount of $720 million, and a contingent cash payment of $75 million payable upon satisfaction of certain conditions on or before december 31, 2023. the structure of the transaction enables the initial cash proceeds to be redeployed into the regulated businesses to fund near-term incremental capital investments, while interest on the seller note provides a stream of earnings during its term. upon maturity, the proceeds from the repayment of the seller note are expected to be used to fund capital investment in the regulated businesses. this sale narrowed the focus of the company's market-based businesses primarily to msg.
the seller note has a five-year term, is payable in cash, and bears interest at a rate of 7.00% per year during the term. the repayment obligations of the buyer under the seller note have been secured by a first priority security interest in certain property of the buyer and the former hos subsidiaries, including their cash and securities accounts, as well as a pledge of the equity interests in each of those subsidiaries, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. the seller note requires compliance with affirmative and negative covenants (subject to certain conditions, limitations and exceptions), including a covenant limiting the incurrence by the buyer and certain affiliates of additional indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds, but does not include any financial maintenance covenants.
beginning december 9, 2024, the company has a put right pursuant to which it may require the seller note to be repaid in full at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest, except that upon the occurrence of a disruption event in the broadly syndicated term loan "b" debt financing market, repayment by the buyer pursuant to the company's exercise of the put right will be delayed until the market disruption event ends.
the seller note may not be prepaid at the buyer's election except in certain limited circumstances before the fourth anniversary of the closing date. if the buyer seeks to repay the seller note in breach of this non-call provision, an event of default will occur under the seller note and the company may, among other actions, demand repayment in full together with a premium ranging from 105.5% to 107.5% of the outstanding principal amount of the loan and a customary "make-whole" payment.
the company and the buyer also entered into a revenue share agreement, pursuant to which the company is to receive 10% of the revenue generated from customers who are billed for home warranty services through an applicable company subsidiary (an "on-bill" arrangement), and 15% of the revenue generated from any future on-bill arrangements entered into after the closing. unless earlier terminated, this agreement has a term of up to 15 years, which may be renewed for up to two five-year periods.
financing activities on may 10, 2021, american water capital corp. ("awcc") completed a $1.1 billion debt offering, which included the sale of $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.30% senior notes due 2031 and $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.25% senior notes due 2051. net proceeds of this offering were used to lend funds to parent company and its regulated subsidiaries, to prepay $327 million in aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding senior notes, to repay awcc's commercial paper obligations and for general corporate purposes. see note 12-long-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as a result of awcc's prepayment of the various senior notes, a make-whole premium of $15 million was paid to the holders thereof on june 14, 2021. substantially all of the early debt extinguishment costs were allocable to the company's utility subsidiaries and recorded as regulatory assets, as the company believes they are probable of recovery in future rates.
selected financial data this selected financial data below should be read in conjunction with the company's consolidated financial statements and related notes in this annual report on form 10-k as well as the remainder of this item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
for the years ended december 31,
(in millions, except per share data)                                                   2021                        2020                        2019                        2018                        2017
statement of operations data:
balance sheet data:
total assets                                                                    $26,075                     $24,766                     $22,682                     $21,223                     $19,482
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value                10,344                       9,333                       8,644                       7,576                       6,498
other data:
net cash provided by operating activities                                         1,441                       1,426                       1,383                       1,386                       1,449
net cash used in investing activities                                           (1,536)                     (2,061)                     (1,945)                     (2,036)                     (1,672)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                               (345)                       1,120                         494                         726                         207
capital expenditures included in net cash used in investing activities          (1,764)                     (1,822)                     (1,654)                     (1,586)                     (1,434)
financial results for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, diluted earnings per share (gaap) were $6.95, $3.91 and $3.43, respectively. in 2021, as compared to 2020, diluted earnings per share increased $3.04. this increase was primarily driven by a pre-tax gain on sale of $748 million relating to the sale of hos and continued growth in the regulated businesses from infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth. these increases were offset by the $45 million pre-tax contribution to the awcf authorized by the company in 2021, and the impacts from weather in both 2021 and 2020, which had an estimated net decrease of $13 million in revenues in 2021, or $0.05 per share. the consolidated net income impact of the gain on sale of hos and the awcf contribution is $491 million, or $2.70 per share, inclusive of a $13 million net income benefit included in the other segment, from the revaluation of state net operating losses that can now be utilized as a result of the sale.
growth through capital investment in infrastructure and regulated acquisitions the company expects to continue to grow its businesses, with the majority of its growth to be achieved in the regulated businesses through (i) continued capital investment in the company's infrastructure to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to its customers, and (ii) regulated acquisitions to expand the company's services to new customers. in 2021, the company invested $1.9 billion, primarily in the regulated businesses, as discussed below:
regulated businesses growth and optimization
•$1.8 billion capital investment in the regulated businesses, the majority for infrastructure improvements and replacements; and
•$135 million to fund acquisitions, including deposits discussed below, in the regulated businesses, which added approximately 20,000 water and wastewater customers during 2021, in addition to approximately 17,500 customers added through organic growth during 2021.
on april 6, 2021, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary entered into an agreement to acquire the wastewater assets of the york city sewer authority for $235 million, plus an amount of average daily revenue calculated for the period between the final meter reading and the date of closing. this system, directly and indirectly through bulk contracts, serves more than 45,000 customers. in connection with the execution of the acquisition agreement, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary paid a $20 million deposit to the seller on april 30, 2021, which is refundable in the event the agreement is terminated prior to closing of the acquisition. the company expects to close this acquisition in the first half of 2022, pending regulatory approval.
on march 29, 2021, the company's new jersey subsidiary entered into an agreement to acquire the water and wastewater assets of egg harbor city for $22 million. the water and wastewater systems currently serve approximately 1,500 customers each, or 3,000 combined, and are being sold through the new jersey water infrastructure protection act process. the company expects to close this acquisition in the second half of 2022, pending regulatory approval.
during 2022, the company closed on the acquisition of two regulated water and wastewater systems adding approximately 700 customers, for a total aggregate purchase price of $2 million. as of february 16, 2022, the company has entered into agreements for pending acquisitions in the regulated businesses, including the york city sewer authority and egg harbor city agreements discussed above, to add approximately 77,000 additional customers.
on january 1, 2022, the company completed the previously disclosed sale of its regulated utility operations in new york to liberty, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of algonquin power & utilities corp. liberty purchased from the company all of the capital stock of the company's new york subsidiary for a purchase price of $608 million in cash. the sale was approved by the new york state department of public service on december 16, 2021. the company's regulated new york operations represented approximately 127,000 customers in the state of new york. the assets and related liabilities of the new york subsidiary were classified as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2021. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
sale of michigan american water company on february 4, 2022, the company completed the sale of its operations in michigan for approximately $6 million.
future growth the company expects to invest between $13 billion to $14 billion over the next five years, and between $28 billion to $32 billion over the next 10 years, including $2.5 billion in 2022. the company's expected future investments include:
•capital investment for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses between $11.5 billion to $12 billion over the next five years, and between $25 billion to $28 billion over the next 10 years, including $2 billion expected in 2022; and
•growth from acquisitions in the regulated businesses to expand the company's water and wastewater customer base of between $1.5 billion to $2 billion over the next five years, and between $3 billion to $4 billion over the next 10 years, including $500 million expected in 2022.
presented in the following chart is the estimated allocation of the company's expected capital investment for infrastructure improvements in its regulated businesses over the next five years, by purpose:
operational excellence the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio, which is used as a measure of the operating performance of the regulated businesses, was 34.1% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to 34.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the improvement in this ratio reflects the continued focus on operating costs, as well as an increase in operating revenues for the regulated businesses after considering the adjustment for the amortization of the excess accumulated deferred income taxes ("eadit") shown in the table below.
the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as its operation and maintenance expenses from the regulated businesses, divided by the operating revenues from the regulated businesses, where both operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. operating revenues were further adjusted to exclude reductions for the amortization of the eadit. also excluded from operation and maintenance expenses is the allocable portion of non-o&m support services costs, mainly depreciation and general taxes, which is reflected in the regulated businesses segment as operation and maintenance expenses, but for consolidated financial reporting purposes, is categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. additionally, the company excluded the impact of certain freedom industries chemical spill settlement activities recognized in 2019 from operation and maintenance expenses. the items discussed above were excluded from the o&m efficiency ratio calculation as they are not reflective of management's ability to increase the efficiency of the regulated businesses.
the company evaluates its operating performance using this ratio, and believes it is useful to investors because it directly measures improvement in the operating performance and efficiency of the regulated businesses. this information is derived from the company's consolidated financial information but is not presented in its financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. this information supplements and should be read in conjunction with the company's gaap disclosures, and should be considered as an addition to, and not a substitute for, any gaap measure. the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio (i) is not an accounting measure that is based on gaap; (ii) is not based on a standard, objective industry definition or method of calculation; (iii) may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures; and (iv) should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
presented in the table below is the calculation of the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio and a reconciliation that compares operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues, each as determined in accordance with gaap, to those amounts utilized in the calculation of its adjusted o&m efficiency ratio:
for the years ended december 31,
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses                       482                             389                             393
total operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses                  1,325                           1,258                           1,182
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                              34                              41                              31
impact of freedom industries settlement activities (a)                             -                               -                             (4)
adjusted operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (i)          $1,138                          $1,068                          $1,020
operating revenues-market-based businesses                                       563                             540                             539
total operating revenues-regulated businesses                                  3,384                           3,255                           3,094
revenue reductions from the amortization of eadit                              (104)                             (7)                               -
adjusted operating revenues-regulated businesses (ii)                         $3,335                          $3,113                          $2,959
adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio-regulated businesses (i) / (ii)               34.1    %                       34.3    %                       34.5    %
(a)    includes the impact of a reduction of a liability in the first quarter of 2019 related to the freedom industries chemical spill.
regulatory matters general rate cases presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, excluding reductions for the amortization of eadit that are generally offset in income tax expense, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from general rate cases authorizations that became effective during 2019 through 2021:
california (effective january 1, 2021, january 1, 2020 and may 11, 2019)              22                    5                   4
(a)excludes authorized increases of $7 million and $4 million in 2021 and 2019, respectively, for the company's new york subsidiary, which was sold on january 1, 2022. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on november 18, 2021, the cpuc unanimously approved a final decision in the test year 2021 general rate case filed by the company's california subsidiary, which is retroactive to january 1, 2021. the company's california subsidiary received authorization for additional annualized water and wastewater revenues of $22 million, excluding agreed to reductions for eadit as a result of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tcja"). the eadit reduction in revenues is $4 million and is offset by a like reduction in income tax expense. on january 18, 2022, the company's california subsidiary filed for approval of $13 million in 2022 escalation increases, excluding $4 million of reductions related to the tcja. this filing, which is retroactive to january 1, 2022, is subject to cpuc approval with a 45-day review period.
on june 28, 2021, an order was issued authorizing an increase of $1 million in the general rate case filed by the company's iowa subsidiary in 2020. the company's iowa subsidiary filed tariffs consistent with the order on september 23, 2021. effective october 11, 2021, the iowa utilities board approved the tariffs and implemented the new rates.
on april 7, 2021, the company's missouri subsidiary was authorized additional annualized revenues of $22 million, effective may 28, 2021, excluding agreed to reductions for eadit as a result of the tcja. the eadit reduction in revenues is $25 million and is offset by a like reduction in income tax expense. the protected eadit balance of $72 million is being returned to customers using the average rate assumption method ("aram"), and the unprotected eadit balance of $74 million is being returned to customers over 10 years. the $25 million eadit reduction includes both the protected and unprotected catch-up period eadit of $13 million. the catch-up period of january 1, 2018 through may 31, 2021 covers the period from when the lower federal corporate income tax rate went into effect until new base rates went into effect and will be amortized over 2.5 years.
on march 2, 2021, an administrative law judge ("alj") in the office of administrative law of new jersey filed an initial decision with the new jersey board of public utilities (the "njbpu") that recommended denial of a petition filed by the company's new jersey subsidiary, which sought approval of acquisition adjustments in rate base of $29 million associated with the acquisitions of shorelands water company, inc. in 2017 and the borough of haddonfield's water and wastewater systems in 2015. on july 29, 2021, the njbpu issued an order adopting the alj's initial decision without modification. the company's new jersey subsidiary filed a notice of appeal with the new jersey appellate division on september 10, 2021. a scheduling order was issued on october 18, 2021 establishing a briefing schedule through march 2022. there is no financial impact to the company as a result of the njbpu's order, since the acquisition adjustments are currently recorded as goodwill on the consolidated balance sheets.
on february 25, 2021, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary was authorized additional annualized revenues of $90 million, effective january 28, 2021, excluding agreed to reductions for eadit as a result of the tcja, over two steps. the eadit reduction in revenues is $19 million. the overall increase, net of tcja reductions, is $71 million in revenues combined over two steps. the first step was effective january 28, 2021 in the amount of $70 million ($51 million including tcja reductions) and the second step will be effective january 1, 2022 in the amount of $20 million. the protected eadit balance of $200 million is being returned to customers using the aram, and the unprotected eadit balance of $116 million is being returned to customers over 20 years. the $19 million annually includes both the protected and unprotected eadit amortizations and a portion of catch-up period eadit. a bill credit of $11 million annually for two years returns to customers the remainder of the eadit catch-up period amortization. the catch-up period of january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2020 covers the period from when the lower federal corporate income tax rate went into effect until new base rates went into effect and will be amortized over two years.
pending general rate case filings on february 10, 2022, the company's illinois subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $71 million in additional annualized revenues excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja and infrastructure surcharges.
on january 14, 2022, the company's new jersey subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $110 million in additional annualized revenues excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja and infrastructure surcharges.
on december 1, 2021, the company's kentucky subsidiary filed a wastewater rate case requesting additional revenues of $1 million, excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja. the company requested a four-step rate increase for their wastewater operations with effective dates of june 1, 2022, june 1, 2023, june 1, 2024 and june 1, 2025 for annual amounts of less than $1 million each year. the company filed their wastewater case under the alternative rate filing process for smaller utilities which calculates an operating ratio of 88% rather than a return on equity.
on november 15, 2021, the company's virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $15 million in additional annualized revenues excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja.
on august 18, 2021, the company's hawaii subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $2 million in additional annualized revenues excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja.
on april 30, 2021, the company's west virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $32 million in annualized incremental revenues excluding proposed reductions for eadit as a result of tcja and infrastructure surcharges. the proposed eadit reduction in revenues is $1 million and the exclusion for infrastructure surcharges is $10 million. intervenor testimony was received on september 20, 2021. the company's rebuttal testimony was filed on october 5, 2021. hearings were conducted on november 3 and 4, 2021. a final order is expected no later than february 24, 2022.
the company's california subsidiary submitted its application on may 3, 2021 to set its cost of capital for 2022 through 2024. according to the cpuc's process, a decision is expected to be issued, setting the authorized cost of capital in the third quarter of 2022.
infrastructure surcharges a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective during 2019 through 2021:
infrastructure surcharges by state (a):
total infrastructure surcharge authorizations                                            $65                  $72                 $51
(a)excludes authorized increases of $2 million in 2019 for the company's new york subsidiary, which was sold on january 1, 2022. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective after january 1, 2022:
(in millions)                                            amount infrastructure surcharge filings by state:
total infrastructure surcharge filings                 $18
pending infrastructure surcharge filings on january 19, 2022, the company's indiana subsidiary filed for infrastructure surcharges requesting $8 million in additional annualized revenues.
on june 30, 2021, the company's west virginia subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting $3 million in additional annualized revenues.
tax matters federal tax legislation on november 15, 2021, the iija was signed into law and was designed to provide significant investment in the nation's infrastructure. the company has analyzed the bill to assess legislative tax impacts, and determined that the most significant aspect impacting the company is the provision for special rules for regulated water and wastewater utilities as it relates to the tax treatment of contributions in aid of construction ("ciac"). the bill reinstates the pre-tcja tax treatment of ciac, which allows regulated water and wastewater utilities to generally exclude the receipt of ciac from taxable income. this provision is effective for contributions made after december 31, 2020. for the year ended december 31, 2021, the company has reflected the exemption retroactively to january 1, 2021.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), including a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018. the enactment of the tcja required a re-measurement of the company's deferred income taxes. the portion of this re-measurement related to the regulated businesses was substantially offset by a regulatory liability as eadit will be used to benefit the company's regulated customers in future rates. twelve of the company's regulated subsidiaries are amortizing eadit and crediting customers. the company expects the timing of the amortization of eadit credits for the one remaining regulated subsidiary to be addressed in a pending rate case or other proceedings. when crediting eadit to the customer, the company records both a reduction to revenue and a reduction to income tax expense, having no material impact on net income.
federal net operating loss the company had no federal nol carryover balance remaining as of december 31, 2021 due to the hos sale, after which time the company became a cash taxpayer for federal income tax purposes.
legislative updates during 2021, the company's regulatory jurisdictions enacted the following legislation that has been approved and is effective as of february 16, 2022:
•california passed electronic payment legislation, assembly bill 1058, which permanently changes state law to allow investor-owned water and wastewater utilities to accept electronic payments, including credit and debit cards, without charging processing fees to customers.
•california passed cpuc consolidation timeline legislation, assembly bill 1250, which requires the cpuc to make timely decisions on applications to acquire systems. consolidations of $5 million or less are to be processed within 180 days and those more than $5 million are required to be processed within 12 months.
•the kentucky general assembly adopted house bill 465 relating to the acquisition of water and wastewater utilities. the legislation affirms a method in valuing water and wastewater systems above net book value and establishes a timeline of 60 days for public service commission approval of an acquisition.
•indiana house enrolled act 1287 creates a mechanism that reduces the required upfront cost to new customers for a water or wastewater utility to extend service to underserved areas.
•indiana house enrolled act 349 establishes a tax rider for water and wastewater utilities based upon a change in state or federal income tax law. the legislation also requires the indiana finance authority to prioritize loans that secure long-term benefits over shorter term projects.
•new jersey passed lead service line replacement bill, senate bill 3398/assembly bill 5343, which provides for the replacement of lead service lines within 10 years of the effective date of the bill and authorizes cost recovery of customer-owned lead service lines as an o&m expense plus interest through a semi-annual surcharge.
•missouri passed the water and sewer infrastructure act, senate bill 44/house bill 397, to establish a new statewide surcharge mechanism program which covers replacement of aging water distribution and sewer collection infrastructure. this legislation broadens the eligible projects covered by the current infrastructure system replacement surcharge mechanism and expands its applicability to projects across the state.
•new jersey passed senate bill 647/house bill 4825 which strengthens the wqaa by requiring the department of environmental protection to adopt regulations to implement the wqaa, enhancing asset management plans and reporting, upgrading cyber security standards and adding criminal penalties for falsifying reports.
•illinois passed house bill 414, low income water & sewer financial assistance program, which authorizes the state's department of commerce and economic opportunity to institute a water and sewer assistance program for customers of privately and publicly owned systems. the program is modeled off the existing energy supplemental state low income home energy assistance program.
in september 2020, the cpuc released a decision under its low-income rate payer assistance program rulemaking that will require the company's california subsidiary to file a proposal to alter its water revenue adjustment mechanism in its next general rate case filing in 2022, which would become effective in january 2024. on october 5, 2020, the company's california subsidiary filed an application for rehearing of the decision and following the cpuc's denial of its rehearing application in september 2021, the company's california subsidiary filed a petition for writ of review with the california supreme court on october 27, 2021.
for the years ended december 31,
non-operating benefit costs, net                             78                              49                              16
gain or (loss) on sale of businesses                        747                               -                            (44)
income before income taxes                                1,640                             924                             833
provision for income taxes                                  377                             215                             212
segment results of operations the company's operating segments are comprised of the revenue-generating components of its business for which separate financial information is internally produced and regularly used by management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. the company operates its business primarily through one reportable segment, the regulated businesses segment. the company also operates other businesses that, individually, do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap, and are collectively presented as the market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses. for a discussion and analysis of the company's financial statements for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, please refer to item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 24, 2021.
regulated businesses segment presented in the table below is financial information for the regulated businesses:
for the years ended december 31,
income before income taxes                                  962                             932                             869
provision for income taxes                                  172                             217                             215
operating revenues presented in the tables below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating revenues:
for the years ended december 31,
(a)includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents.
for the years ended december 31,
in 2021, as compared to 2020, operating revenues increased $129 million primarily due to $208 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally to fund infrastructure investment in various states, and a $26 million increase from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems. these increases were offset by an estimated net decrease of $13 million from weather in both 2021 and 2020, a $5 million decrease from lower water services demand and ongoing customer usage reductions from conservation, and a $79 million decrease in revenues due to the amortization of eadit, which is generally offset with a reduction in income tax expense. additionally, there was an $8 million decrease in revenue due to the denial of authorization to defer certain covid-19 financial impacts based on the papuc order received by the company's pennsylvania subsidiary. see note 3-impact of the covid-19 pandemic in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating and maintenance expense:
for the years ended december 31,
employee-related costs                         $522                            $495                            $462
production costs                                353                             335                             317
customer billing and accounting                  66                              58                              55
employee-related costs for the years ended december 31,
other benefits                  29                            28                            27
in 2021, as compared to 2020, employee-related costs increased $27 million primarily due to a $20 million increase in salaries and wages from higher headcount and related compensation expense supporting growth in the businesses and a $5 million increase in pension service costs.
production costs for the years ended december 31,
in 2021, as compared to 2020, production costs increased $18 million primarily due to a $9 million increase in fuel and power due to higher rates and system delivery across several subsidiaries and a $4 million increase in purchased water primarily due to usage in the company's california subsidiary.
maintenance materials and supplies in 2021, as compared to 2020, maintenance materials and supplies increased $9 million primarily due to timing of maintenance and tank painting projects in the company's new jersey subsidiary and increased paving costs from a higher volume of main breaks.
customer billing and accounting in 2021, as compared to 2020, customer billing and accounting increased $8 million primarily due to higher call volumes experienced at our customer service centers, higher collections costs and higher uncollectible costs.
depreciation and amortization in 2021, as compared to 2020, depreciation and amortization increased $39 million primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service from capital infrastructure investments and acquisitions.
general taxes in 2021, as compared to 2020, general taxes increased $16 million, primarily due to increased capital investments, including acquisitions, increased tax rates across several subsidiaries and an increase in the new jersey gross receipts tax.
in 2021, as compared to 2020, other income (expenses) increased $26 million primarily due to the reduction in the non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement benefits expense resulting from higher asset returns.
provision for income taxes in 2021, as compared to 2020, the regulated businesses' provision for income taxes decreased $45 million. the regulated businesses' effective income tax rate was 17.9% and 23.3% for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease was primarily due to an increase in the amortization of eadit resulting from the tcja, pursuant to regulatory orders. the amortization of eadit is generally offset with reductions in revenue.
market-based businesses presented in the table below is information for the market-based businesses:
for the years ended december 31,
gain or (loss) on sale of businesses                      748                           (1)                          (44)
income before income taxes                                798                           120                            66
provision for income taxes                                248                            29                            20
operating revenues in 2021, as compared to 2020, operating revenues increased $23 million primarily due to a $32 million increase in capital and o&m projects in the msg, across several of the company's military bases, primarily at the united states military academy at west point, new york, fort belvoir and joint base lewis-mcchord and a $7 million increase in the csg related to the contract with the city of camden, new jersey. these increases were partially offset by a $17 million year over year decrease at hos due to the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of 2021.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the market-based businesses' operating and maintenance expense:
for the years ended december 31,
employee-related costs                         96                            90                           109
production costs                               22                            21                            29
operating supplies and services in 2021, as compared to 2020, operating supplies and services increased $73 million primarily due to the $45 million pre-tax contribution to the awcf authorized by the company in 2021, costs associated with msg from increased capital and o&m projects as discussed above and an increase in additional o&m costs related to csg.
maintenance materials and supplies in 2021, as compared to 2020, maintenance materials and supplies increased $9 million primarily due to an increase in csg related to the contract with the city of camden, new jersey and an increase in hos due to contract growth and an increase in claims. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in hos due to the sale of its business in the fourth quarter of 2021.
employee-related costs in 2021, as compared to 2020, employee-related costs increased $6 million primarily due to an increase in salaries and wages in msg from the addition of new bases in the second half of 2020 and hos for additional customer service costs to support the business.
gain or (loss) on sale of businesses during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company recognized a pre-tax gain on sale of $748 million relating to the sale of hos. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
provision for income taxes in 2021, as compared to 2020, provision for income taxes increased $219 million primarily due to the sale of hos. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
liquidity and capital resources the company uses its capital resources, including cash, primarily to (i) fund operating and capital requirements, (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities, (iii) pay dividends, (iv) fund acquisitions, (v) fund pension and postretirement benefit obligations, and (vi) to pay federal income taxes, which the company began to pay as a result of fully utilizing its nol carryforward in 2021. the company invests a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where it expects to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, the company operates in rate regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery generally takes place over an extended period of time, and certain capital recovery is also subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-regulation and rate making for additional information. the company expects to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since the company expects its capital investments over the next few years to be greater than its cash flows from operating activities, the company currently plans to fund the excess of its capital investments over its cash flows from operating activities for the next five years through a combination of long-term debt and equity in addition to the proceeds from the sales of hos and the company's new york subsidiary. if necessary, the company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements, or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity. in this event, the company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
the company regularly evaluates and monitors its cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt maturities, interest and dividends. the company's business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, the company also obtains funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. in order to meet short-term liquidity needs, awcc issues commercial paper that is supported by its revolving credit facility. the company may also access the equity capital markets to support its capital funding requirements, as needed. the company's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industry in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets, and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit the company's ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets.
if these unfavorable business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that the company is no longer able to access the commercial paper and/or capital markets on reasonable terms, awcc has access to an unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2025 with aggregate bank commitments of $2.25 billion. the facility is used principally to fulfill the company's short-term liquidity needs by supporting awcc's $2.10 billion commercial paper program and to provide a sublimit of up to $150 million for letters of credit. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to $500 million. as of december 31, 2021, awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $76 million of outstanding letters of credit under its revolving credit facility, with $1.59 billion available to fulfill its short-term liquidity needs and to issue letters of credit.
to ensure adequate liquidity given the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on debt and capital markets, on march 20, 2020, awcc entered into a term loan credit agreement, by and among parent company, awcc and the lenders party thereto (the "term loan facility"). the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes of awcc and american water and to provide additional liquidity. the term loan facility commitments terminated at maturity on march 19, 2021, and the term loan facility was repaid in full.
the company believes that its ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, the revolving credit facility and cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund the company's short-term requirements. the company believes it has sufficient liquidity and the ability to manage its expenditures, should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, there can be no assurance that the lenders will be able to meet existing commitments to awcc under the revolving credit facility, or that awcc will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on acceptable terms or at all. see credit facilities and short-term debt below for additional information.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the warmer months. the company's future cash flows from operating activities will be affected by, among other things: customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, economic utility regulation, inflation, compliance with environmental, health and safety standards, production costs, maintenance costs, customer growth, declining customer usage of water, employee-related costs, including pension funding, weather and seasonality, taxes, and overall economic conditions.
operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in the company's rate regulated environments, changes in the market-based businesses, changes in the economy, interest rates, the timing of tax payments, and the company's customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, among other items. the company can provide no assurance that its customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. the company's current liabilities may exceed current assets mainly from debt maturities due within one year and the use of short-term debt as a funding source, primarily to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, fund acquisitions and construction projects, as well as cash needs, which can fluctuate significantly due to the seasonality of the business and other factors. the company addresses cash timing differences primarily through its short-term liquidity funding mechanisms.
presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows from operating activities:
for the years ended december 31,
deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits              230                             207                             208
other non-cash activities (a)                                                (27)                               -                               4
changes in working capital (b)                                                126                            (49)                             (5)
pension and non-pension postretirement benefit contributions                 (40)                            (39)                            (31)
(gain) or loss on sale of businesses                                        (747)                               -                              34
net cash provided by operating activities                                  $1,441                          $1,426                          $1,383
(a)includes provision for losses on accounts receivable, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits and other non-cash, net. details of each component can be found on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and other current assets and liabilities, net, less the settlement of cash flow hedges.
in 2021, cash flows provided by operating activities increased $15 million, primarily due to an increase in net income, changes in working capital, primarily from an increase in accrued taxes, and an increase in depreciation and amortization due to additional utility plant placed in service from capital infrastructure investments. partially offsetting these increases was the gain on sale of businesses, due to the gain on the sale of hos.
the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of $37 million in 2022. in addition, the company estimates that contributions will amount to $35 million, $33 million, $30 million and $27 million in 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
cash flows from investing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows from investing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
capital expenditures                                                       $(1,764)                          $(1,822)                          $(1,654)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                            (135)                             (135)                             (235)
proceeds from sale of assets, net of cash on hand                               472                                 2                                48
removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net             (109)                             (106)                             (104)
net cash used in investing activities                                      $(1,536)                          $(2,061)                          $(1,945)
in 2021, cash flows used in investing activities decreased $525 million primarily due to proceeds received from the sale of hos and timing of payments for capital expenditures. the company continues to invest across all infrastructure categories, mainly replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution and services, meter and fire hydrants infrastructure in the company's regulated businesses, as discussed below.
the company's infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where the company replaces infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where the company constructs new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. the company's projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
presented in the table below is a summary of the company's capital expenditures by category:
for the years ended december 31,
sources of supply                                64                              54                              83
total capital expenditures                   $1,764                          $1,822                          $1,654
in 2021, the company's capital expenditures decreased $58 million primarily due to a decrease in treatment and pumping and general structure and equipment infrastructure investment partially offset by increases in transmission and distribution and services, meter and fire hydrants infrastructure investment.
the company also grows its business primarily through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems. these acquisitions are generally located in geographic proximity to the company's existing regulated businesses and support continued geographical diversification and growth of its operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt, and later refinanced with long-term financing. during 2021, the company paid $112 million for the acquisition of 23 water and wastewater systems, representing in the aggregate approximately 20,000 customers and paid $23 million in deposits for future acquisitions.
as previously noted, over the next five years the company expects to invest between $13 billion to $14 billion, with $11.5 billion to $12 billion for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses, and the company expects to invest between $28 billion to $32 billion over the next 10 years. in 2022, the company expects to invest $2.5 billion, consisting of $2 billion for infrastructure improvements and $500 million for acquisitions in the regulated businesses.
cash flows from financing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows from financing activities:
for the years ended december 31,
net short-term borrowings with maturities less than three months            (198)                             (5)                           (178)
other financing activities, net (a)                                            35                              22                              26
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                        $(345)                          $1,120                            $494
(a)includes proceeds from issuances of common stock under various employee stock plans and the company's dividend reinvestment plan, net of taxes paid, advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds, and debt issuance costs and make-whole premiums on early debt redemption.
in 2021, cash flows provided by financing activities decreased $1,465 million, primarily due to the repayment in full at maturity of the $500 million term loan facility during the first quarter of 2021, an increase in net repayments of commercial paper borrowings, higher dividends paid in 2021 and an increase in repayments of long-term debt due to the prepayment of $327 million in aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding senior notes during the second quarter of 2021.
the company's financing activities are primarily focused on funding regulated infrastructure expenditures, regulated acquisitions and payment of dividends. these activities included the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc. based on the needs of the regulated businesses and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provide those borrowings to the regulated businesses and parent company. the regulated businesses and parent company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc, in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. parent company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated businesses, therefore, parent company is not able to recover the interest charges on its debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2021, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the regulated businesses amounting to $6.7 billion. additionally, as of december 31, 2021, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to parent company amounting to $3.1 billion.
on may 10, 2021, awcc completed a $1.1 billion debt offering, which included the sale of $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.30% senior notes due 2031 and $550 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.25% senior notes due 2051. at the closing of the offering, awcc received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of $1,086 million. awcc used the net proceeds of this offering: (i) to lend funds to parent company and its regulated subsidiaries; (ii) to prepay $251 million aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding 5.77% series d senior notes due december 21, 2021 (the "series d notes") and $76 million aggregate principal amount of awcc's outstanding 6.55% series h senior notes due may 15, 2023 (the "series h notes," and together with the series d notes, the "series notes"); (iii) to repay awcc's commercial paper obligations; and (iv) for general corporate purposes. after the prepayments described above, none of the series d notes, and approximately $14 million aggregate principal amount of the series h notes, remain outstanding. as a result of awcc's prepayment of the series notes, a make-whole premium of $15 million was paid to the holders thereof on june 14, 2021. substantially all of the early debt extinguishment costs were allocable to the company's utility subsidiaries and recorded as regulatory assets, as the company believes they are probable of recovery in future rates.
one of the principal market risks to which the company is exposed is changes in interest rates. in order to manage the exposure, the company follows risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative contracts such as swaps. the company also reduces exposure to interest rates by managing commercial paper and debt maturities. the company does not enter into derivative contracts (through awcc) for speculative purposes and does not use leveraged instruments. the derivative contracts entered into are for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures. the company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. the company minimizes the counterparty credit risk on these transactions by dealing only with leading, creditworthy financial institutions, having long-term credit ratings of "a" or better.
on may 10, 2021, the company terminated two treasury lock agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $275 million, realizing a net gain of less than $1 million, to be amortized through interest, net over a ten-year period, in accordance with the terms of the new debt issued on may 10, 2021. no ineffectiveness was recognized on hedging instruments for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
in february 2021, parent company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables the company to meet its capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock, and other equity and hybrid securities, and awcc debt securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration statement will expire in february 2024. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, $1.10 billion, $1.00 billion, and $1.10 billion, respectively, of debt securities were issued under this and predecessor registration statements.
company                                   type                                                                            rate         weighted average rate          maturity                        amount
other american water subsidiaries         private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate             0.00%-5.00%                         0.04%         2022-2047                     18
(a)this indebtedness is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a full and unconditional guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under such indebtedness. see "-issuer and guarantor of senior notes" below.
presented in the table below are the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2021 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
company                                   type                                                                            rate         weighted average rate                   maturity                        amount
awcc                                      private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate             1.79%-6.55%                         5.94%                  2021-2031                   $327
other american water subsidiaries         private activity mortgage bonds                                          9.13%-9.69%                         9.52%                       2021                     31
other american water subsidiaries         private activity bonds and government funded debt-fixed rate             0.00%-5.50%                         1.38%                  2021-2048                     13
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the company may engage in long-term debt retirements through make-whole redemptions, tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives.
issuer and guarantor of senior notes the outstanding senior notes issued by awcc, the wholly owned finance subsidiary of parent company, have been issued under two indentures, each by and between awcc and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, providing for the rights and obligations of the parties thereto and the holders of the notes issued thereunder. the senior notes also have been issued with the benefit of a support agreement, as amended, between parent company and awcc, which serves as the functional equivalent of a full and unconditional guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under the senior notes. no other subsidiary of parent company provides guarantees for any of the outstanding senior notes. if awcc is unable to make timely payment of any interest, principal or premium, if any, on such senior notes, parent company will provide to awcc, at its request or the request of any holder of such senior notes, funds to make such payment in full. if awcc fails or refuses to take timely action to enforce certain rights under the support agreement or if awcc defaults in the timely payment of any amounts owed to any holder of such senior notes, when due, the support agreement provides that the holder may proceed directly against parent company to enforce such rights or to obtain payment of the defaulted amounts owed to that holder.
as a wholly owned finance subsidiary of parent company, awcc has no significant assets other than obligations of parent company and certain of its subsidiaries in its regulated businesses segment to repay certain intercompany loans made to them by awcc. awcc's ability to make payments of amounts owed to holders of the senior notes will be dependent upon awcc's receipt of sufficient payments of amounts owed pursuant to the terms of such intercompany loans and from its ability to issue indebtedness or otherwise obtain loans in the future, the proceeds of which would be used to fund the repayment of the senior notes.
because parent company is a holding company and substantially all of its operations are conducted through its subsidiaries other than awcc, parent company's ability to fulfill its obligations under the support agreement will be dependent upon its receipt of sufficient cash dividends or distributions from its operating subsidiaries. see note 10-shareholders' equity-dividends and distributions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the limitations on parent company and its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions. furthermore, parent company's operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and, other than awcc, have no obligation to make any payments on the senior notes or to make available or provide any funds for such payment, other than through their repayment obligations under intercompany loans, if any, with awcc. based on the foregoing, parent company's obligations under the support agreement will be effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, lease commitments and moneys borrowed or other indebtedness incurred or issued by parent company's subsidiaries other than awcc.
credit facilities and short-term debt interest rates on advances under the company's revolving credit facility are based on a credit spread to the libor rate (or applicable market replacement rate) or base rate in accordance with moody investors service's and standard & poor's financial services' then applicable credit rating on awcc's senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility and awcc's commercial paper are considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a full and unconditional guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations thereunder.
presented in the tables below are the aggregate credit facility commitments, commercial paper limit and letter of credit availability under the revolving credit facility, as well as the available capacity for each, as of december 31:
commercial paper limit                letters of credit                  total (a)
total availability                                               $2,100                               $150                       $2,250
remaining availability as of december 31, 2021                   $1,516                                $74                       $1,590
(a)total remaining availability of $1.59 billion as of december 31, 2021 may be accessed through revolver draws.
commercial paper limit                letters of credit                  total (a)
total availability                                               $2,100                               $150                       $2,250
remaining availability as of december 31, 2020                   $1,314                                $74                       $1,388
(a)total remaining availability may be accessed through revolver draws.
presented in the table below is the company's total available liquidity as of december 31, 2021 and 2020:
cash and cash equivalents       availability on revolving credit facility        total available liquidity
available liquidity as of december 31, 2021                       $116                                     $1,590                                $1,706
available liquidity as of december 31, 2020                        547                                      1,388                                 1,935
the weighted average interest rate on awcc short-term borrowings, including as of december 31, 2020, $500 million of outstanding principal on the term loan facility, was approximately 0.25% and 1.16%, for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
capital structure presented in the table below is the percentage of the company's capitalization represented by the components of its capital structure as of december 31:
total common shareholders' equity                                          39.9   %           37.1   %           39.2   %
long-term debt and redeemable preferred stock at redemption value          56.6   %           53.6   %           55.6   %
the changes in the capital structure mix between periods were mainly attributable to the impacts of the hos sale, repayment of the term loan facility at maturity on march 19, 2021, and the company's long-term debt offering that was completed on may 10, 2021.
debt covenants the company's debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that the company is not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and the company, or its subsidiaries, may be restricted in its ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access the revolving credit facility. the long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
covenants in certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require the company to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2021, the company's ratio was 0.60 to 1.00 and therefore the company was in compliance with the covenants.
security ratings presented in the table below are long-term and short-term credit ratings and rating outlooks as of february 16, 2022 as issued by the following rating agencies:
securities                    moody's investors service        standard &amp; poor's ratings service rating outlook                stable                           stable senior unsecured debt         baa1                             a commercial paper              p-2                              a-1
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon the ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service debt and meet investment plans. the company can provide no assurances that its ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain its existing ratings. none of the company's borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under its credit facility.
as part of its normal course of business, the company routinely enters into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit the company and its counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if the company is downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that the company must provide collateral to secure its obligations. the company does not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by the company's securities ratings. the company primarily accesses the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, the company has also issued debt through its regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of mortgage bonds and tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower the overall cost of debt.
dividends and regulatory restrictions for discussion of the company's dividends, dividend restrictions and dividend policy, see note 10-shareholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
insurance coverage the company carries various property, casualty, cyber and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that it believes are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going-forward basis. the company is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's short-term and long-term financial condition and its results of operations and cash flows.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates, assumptions and judgments that could affect the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions and judgments. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements. management has reviewed the critical accounting polices described below with the company's audit, finance and risk committee, including the estimates, assumptions and judgments used in their application. additional discussion regarding these critical accounting policies and their application can be found in note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulation and regulatory accounting the company's regulated utilities are subject to regulation by pucs and, as such, the company follows the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated utilities, which requires the company to reflect the effects of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. use of this authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2021, the company concluded that the operations of its utilities met the criteria.
application of this authoritative guidance has a further effect on the company's financial statements as it pertains to allowable costs used in the ratemaking process. the company makes significant assumptions and estimates to quantify amounts recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. such judgments include, but are not limited to, assets and liabilities related to regulated acquisitions, pension and postretirement benefits, depreciation rates and taxes. due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenues, these authoritative accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by a non-regulated entity, to be deferred as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates. conversely, the principles require the creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future, or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where the company conducts business, the company assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether the regulatory assets continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in regulatory environments, recent rate orders (including recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction) and the status of any pending or potential legislation. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or probable future settlement, the company's consolidated statements of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if the company concludes in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, the company is required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of this authoritative guidance could materially impact the company's consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the company's regulatory asset balance was $1.1 billion and its regulatory liability balance was $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. see note 4-regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the company's significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of nol carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the company accounts for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
the company evaluates the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and its intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the company also assesses its ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. the company records valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it concludes that it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
under gaap, specifically accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes ("asc 740"), the tax effects of changes in tax laws must be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. asc 740 also requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. thus, at the date of enactment of the tcja, the company's deferred taxes were re-measured based upon the new tax rate. for the company's regulated entities, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as either an offset to a regulatory asset or a regulatory liability and may be subject to refund to customers. for the company's unregulated operations, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as a non-cash re-measurement adjustment to earnings.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies and recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for the regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance; however, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 15-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits the company maintains noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of its regulated utility and shared service operations. see note 16-employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the description of and accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans.
the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
•discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the company records currently.
•rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
•mortality- management adopted the society of actuaries pri-2012 mortality base table, the most recent table developed from private pension plan experience, which provides rates of mortality in 2012 and adopted the new mp-2021 mortality improvement scale to gradually adjust future mortality rates downward due to increased longevity in each year after 2012.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. the company uses an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 2.94%, 2.74% and 3.44% at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the discount rate for determining other postretirement benefit obligations was 2.90%, 2.56% and 3.36% at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
in selecting an eroa, the company considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 6.50% for 2021, 6.50% for 2020, and 6.20% for 2019. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 3.67% for 2021, 3.68% for 2020 and 3.56% for 2019.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the pension plan assets by asset category:
2022 target allocation                            percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                                           2021                                      2020
equity securities                                                       43         %                     46      %                                 49      %
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                                  2         %                      -      %                                  -      %
postretirement medical bargaining plan changes on august 31, 2018, the postretirement medical benefit plan was remeasured as a result of an announced plan amendment which changed benefits for certain union and non-union plan participants. the plan change resulted in a $175 million reduction in future benefits payable to plan participants, and, in combination with other experience reflected as of the remeasurement date, resulted in a $227 million reduction to the net accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. as of december 31, 2021, the remaining amortization period of the impact of the plan amendment is 6.9 years. as a result of the remeasurement and change in funded status, the company decreased the investment risk in the plan and reduced its exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the assets of the plan to the projected cash flows for future benefit payments of the liability. plan assets in excess of those securities designed to match the long-term liabilities are invested in shorter duration fixed income securities and equities.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the other postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category:
2022 target allocation (a)                            percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                      2021                                      2020
equity securities                                 18          %                     22      %                                 18      %
(a)includes the american water postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the american water postretirement medical benefits non-bargaining plan, and the american water life insurance trust.
the investments of the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts include debt and equity securities held either directly or through mutual funds, commingled funds and limited partnerships. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses an independent valuation firm to calculate the fair value of plan assets.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, the company considers past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. the company's rate of compensation increase was 3.51% for 2021, 3.51% for 2020 and 2.97% for 2019.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, the company considers past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. as of january 1, 2021, the company's health care cost trend rate assumption used to calculate the periodic cost was 6.25% in 2021 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter. as of december 31, 2021, the company projects that medical inflation will be 6.00% in 2022 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter.
the company will use a discount rate and eroa of 2.94% and 6.50%, respectively, for estimating its 2022 pension costs. additionally, the company will use a discount rate and expected blended return based on weighted assets of 2.90% and 3.60%, respectively, for estimating its 2022 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase the company's pension expense. the company's 2021 pension and postretirement benefit credit was $41 million and the 2020 pension and postretirement benefit credit was $14 million. the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of $37 million in 2022, and $35 million, $33 million, $30 million and $27 million in 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards.
revenue recognition revenue from the company's regulated businesses is generated primarily from water and wastewater services delivered to customers. these contracts contain a single performance obligation, the delivery of water or wastewater services, as the promise to transfer the individual good or service is not separately identifiable from other promises within the contracts and, therefore, is not distinct. revenues are recognized over time, as services are provided. there are generally no significant financing components or variable consideration. revenues include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis, and unbilled amounts calculated based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill, to the end of the accounting period. the amounts that the company has a right to invoice are determined by each customer's actual usage, an indicator that the invoice amount corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer.
increases or decreases in the volumes delivered to customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the unbilled revenue calculation. unbilled revenue for the company's regulated utilities as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $162 million and $150 million, respectively.
the company also recognizes revenue when it is probable that future recovery of previously incurred costs or future refunds that are to be credited to customers will occur through the ratemaking process.
revenue from the company's former hos business was generated through various protection programs in which the company provided fixed fee services to domestic homeowners and smaller commercial customers for interior and exterior water and sewer lines, interior electric and gas lines, heating and cooling systems, water heaters, power surge protection and other related services. most of the contracts had a one-year term and each service was a separate performance obligation, satisfied over time, as the customers simultaneously received and consumed the benefits provided from the service. customers were obligated to pay for the protection programs ratably over 12 months or via a one-time, annual fee, with revenues recognized ratably over time for those services. advances from customers were deferred until the performance obligation was satisfied.
the company also has long-term, fixed fee contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems for the u.s. government on various military installations and facilities owned by municipal customers. billing and revenue recognition for the fixed fee revenues occurs ratably over the term of the contract, as customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the company. additionally, these contracts allow the company to make capital improvements to underlying infrastructure, which are initiated through separate modifications or amendments to the original contract, whereby stand-alone, fixed pricing is separately stated for each improvement. the company has determined that these capital improvements are separate performance obligations, with revenue recognized over time based on performance completed at the end of each reporting period. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the losses first become probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenues, with billings in excess of revenues recorded as other current liabilities until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. unbilled revenue for the market-based businesses as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $86 million and $56 million, respectively.
accounting for contingencies the company records loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss or a range of losses can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management's judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limited to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, review of applicable law, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. the company provides disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. the company provides estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
actual amounts realized upon settlement or other resolution of loss contingencies may be different than amounts recorded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. see note 17-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding contingencies.
recent accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.