item 1a. risk factors as a large global health services company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. you should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, together with other information contained in this form 10-k, including md&a. these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us. the following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. these categories, therefore, should be viewed as a starting point for understanding the significant risks facing us and not as a limitation on the potential impact of the matters discussed. risk factors are not necessarily listed in order of importance.
strategic and operational risks future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively.
the future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives. successfully executing on these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including our ability to:
•differentiate our products, services and solutions from those of our competitors;
•develop and create data and analytic solutions to support and improve outcomes for our products, services and solutions, including creating and developing solutions and services through partnerships with other industry participants;
•attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees, particularly in an increasingly competitive job market;
•attract, develop and maintain collaborative relationships with a sufficient number of qualified partners;
•leverage purchase volume to deliver discounts to health benefit providers;
•transition health care providers from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based system;
•improve medical cost competitiveness in our targeted markets;
•contract with health care providers, pharmacy providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers on market competitive terms.
for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. we will be unable to rapidly respond to competitive, economic and regulatory changes if we do not make important strategic and operational decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly. if these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected.
we operate in a highly competitive, evolving and rapidly changing industry and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business.
the health service industry continues to be dynamic and rapidly evolving. any significant shifts in the structure of the industry could alter industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to attract or retain clients and customers. industry shifts could result (and have resulted) from, among other things:
•continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers;
•new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health service industry;
•the ability of larger employers and clients to contract directly with providers;
•changes in the united states postal service or the consolidation of shipping carriers;
•increased drug acquisition cost or unexpected changes to drug pricing trend;
•changes in utilization of health care, prescription drugs or other covered services and items, including under risk-based contracts in the health benefit management market and for those businesses that utilize risk adjustment methodology.
our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the scale, scope and duration of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic continues to be unknown and the overall impact on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition has been and may continue to be material.
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and is continuing to affect, global economies, financial markets and the overall environment for our business, and the extent to which it may impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. while vaccination rates continue to rise, the covid-19 pandemic, including vaccination efficacy, the implementation of and reaction to vaccination and testing mandates and the occurrence of new variants (including the delta and omicron variants), could continue to effect such economies and financial markets as well as the health and availability of our workforce. as a result, we may experience new disruptions to our business operations and our business could be adversely affected further, directly or indirectly, by the ongoing pandemic. national, state and local governments in affected regions have implemented and may continue to implement varying safety precautions, including quarantines, border closures, increased border controls, travel restrictions, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings and other measures.
the covid-19 pandemic has in some instances, and may continue to, heighten the potential adverse effects on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition as described below or in other risk factors within this section of the form 10-k including, but not limited to, the likelihood of and impact from:
•unfavorable economic conditions on our clients and customers (both employers and individuals), health care and pharmacy providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and third-party vendors, as well as federal and state entities and programs;
•changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns or procedures; changes in customer base and product mix; changes in utilization of prescription drugs, medical or other covered items or services, including increased behavioral health services utilization; changes in medical cost trends; changes in our health management practices; and the introduction of new benefits and products causing actual claims to exceed our estimates;
•changes in health care utilization patterns, provider billing practices and other external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control impacting our ability to accurately predict, price for and manage health care costs and ultimately our profitability, including impacts from care deferral on, among other things, risk adjustment revenue and acuity of future care;
•significant disruptions in service within our operations or among our key suppliers or other third parties, including delivery delays and other supply chain impacts and decreased worker productivity, increased worker attrition and operational and sales disruptions, including as a result of remote working arrangements, increased medical, emergency or other leave, quarantines, government actions or restrictions, including as it relates to vaccination mandates;
•compliance with substantial government regulation, including privacy and security requirements associated with providing telehealth and remote care options and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, such as vaccine, testing and coverage mandates and premium deferrals, which laws or regulations may vary significantly by jurisdiction;
•prioritization of matters relating to covid-19 resulting in delays in responsiveness by regulatory agencies and other third parties in matters arising in the ordinary course of business;
•cyberattacks or other privacy or data security incidents, including as a result of the transition to a remote work environment by substantially all of our workforce and the workforces of third parties with whom we contract;
•risks inherent in foreign operations, including political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks;
•economic and market conditions affecting the value of our financial instruments and the value of particular assets and liabilities; and
•fluctuations in equity market prices, interest rates and credit spreads limiting our ability to raise or deploy capital and affecting our overall liquidity.
additionally, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if our clients or customers do not perceive our response to be adequate, we could suffer damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business.
we believe covid-19 and its variants' adverse impact on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition will be driven primarily by the severity and duration of the pandemic, including the impact of the breadth and timing of implementation and the efficacy and costs of vaccination programs, the pandemic's continued impact on our employees, clients, customers, suppliers and partners, as well as the u.s. and global economies and the continued actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. those primary drivers are largely beyond our knowledge and control, and may be more adverse than our current expectations. given these uncertainties, we cannot estimate the full impact covid-19 will have on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition, but the adverse impact could be material.
our failure to compete effectively, to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors and maintain or increase market share could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we operate in a highly competitive environment and an industry subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer and client needs, legislative and regulatory developments and other market factors. in particular markets, our competitors may have greater, better or more established capabilities, resources, market share, reputation or business relationships, or lower profit margin or financial return expectations. our clients are well informed and organized and can easily move between our competitors and us. our express scripts client contracts generally have three-year terms and may be subject to periodic renegotiation of pricing terms based on market factors. as described in greater detail in the description of our business in item 1 of this form 10-k, one of our key clients in the evernorth segment is the department of defense. if one or more of our large clients terminates or does not renew a contract for any reason, including as a result of being acquired, or if the provisions of a contract with a large client are modified, renewed or otherwise changed with terms less favorable to us, our results of operations could be adversely affected and we could experience a negative reaction in the investment community resulting in decreases in the trading price of our securities or other adverse effects.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase customers as planned, differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that provide enhanced value to our customers, provide quality and satisfactory levels of service and retain accounts with favorable medical cost experience or more profitable products versus retaining or increasing our customer base in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience or less profitable products.
we must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers and further integrate additional product and service offerings. to succeed in this highly competitive marketplace, it is imperative that we maintain a strong reputation. increasingly, our customers, clients and investors consider our efforts on a variety of matters that could impact our stakeholders, including our employees and the communities in which we operate, such as our efforts with respect to the environment and diversity, equity and inclusion. the negative reputational impact of a significant event, including a failure to execute on customer or client contracts or strategic or operational initiatives, failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate greater value to our customers, could affect our ability to grow and retain profitable arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we face price competition and other pressures that could compress our margins or result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of services delivered to our customers.
while we compete on the basis of many service and quality-related factors, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. our client contracts are subject to negotiation as clients seek to contain their costs, including by reducing benefits offered. increasingly, our clients seek to negotiate performance guarantees that require us to pay penalties if the guaranteed performance standard is not met. clients can easily move between our competitors and us. our clients are well informed and typically have knowledgeable consultants that seek competing bids from our competitors before contract renewal. in addition, as brokers and benefit consultants seek to enhance their revenue streams, they look to take on services that we typically provide. each of these events could negatively impact our financial results.
federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates. fiscal or other concerns related to the government-sponsored programs in which we participate, such as medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans, may cause decreasing reimbursement rates, delays in premium payments, restrictions on implementing changes in premium rates or insufficient increases in reimbursement rates. any limitation on our ability to maintain or increase our premium or reimbursement levels, or a significant loss of customers or clients resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
premiums in the cigna healthcare segment are generally set for one-year periods and are priced well in advance of the date on which the contract commences or renews. our revenue on medicare advantage plans, individual and family plans ("ifp") and medicare part d plans is based on rates and bids submitted midyear in the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare advantage, ifp and medicare part d rates and bids on our estimate of future health care costs over the contract period, actual costs may exceed what we estimate in setting premiums. our health care costs also are affected by external events that we cannot forecast or project and over which we have little or no control, including changes in regulations, as well as provider billing practices and changes in customers' health care utilization patterns, which may, among other things, impact our ability to appropriately document their health conditions. our participation in health insurance exchanges through our ifp offerings involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accurately predict, price for and effectively manage future health care costs. relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenue can result in significant changes in our financial results.
strong competition within the pharmacy benefit business has also generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. these competitive factors have historically applied pressure on our operating margins and caused many companies, including us, to reduce the prices charged for products and services while sharing with clients a greater portion of the formulary fees and related rebates received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. our inability to maintain positive trends, or failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain clients or sell additional services, which could negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the reserves we hold for expected medical claims are based on estimates that involve an extensive degree of judgment and are inherently variable. if actual claims exceed our estimates, our operating results could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to take timely corrective actions to contain future costs may be limited.
we maintain and record medical claims reserves on our balance sheet for estimated future payments. our estimates of health care costs payable are based on a number of factors, including historical claim experience, but this estimation process requires extensive judgment. considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the accuracy of the estimates is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims submission and processing patterns or procedures, changes in customer base and product mix, changes in the utilization of prescription drugs, medical or other covered items or services, changes in medical cost trends, changes in our health management practices, changes in regulations and the introduction of new benefits and products. if we are not able to accurately and promptly anticipate and detect medical cost trends, our ability to take timely corrective actions to limit future costs and reflect our current benefit cost experience in our pricing process may be limited. additionally, we must estimate the amount of rebates payable by us under the aca's and cms' minimum loss ratio rules and the amounts payable by us to, and receivable by us from, the united states federal government under the aca's remaining premium stabilization program. because establishing reserves is an inherently uncertain process involving estimates of future losses, there can be no certainty that ultimate losses will not exceed existing reserves which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and with producers and consultants, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we contract with or employ physicians, hospitals and other health service providers and facilities to provide health services to our customers. our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. in any particular market, physicians, hospitals and health service providers may enter into exclusive arrangements with competitors or simply refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or less desirable products or services for our customers. in some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations and multispecialty physician groups, may have significant or controlling market positions that could result in a diminished bargaining position for us. if providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially adversely affected. additionally, certain regulations may impact our ability to obtain competitive prices. establishing collaborative arrangements with physician groups, specialist groups, independent practice associations, hospitals and health care delivery systems is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. if such collaborative arrangements do not result in the lower medical costs that we project or if we fail to attract health care providers to such arrangements, or are less successful at implementing such arrangements than our competitors, our attractiveness to customers may be reduced and our ability to profitably grow our business may be adversely affected.
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers and increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers. continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and providers, new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, and the increased use of virtual care services (including telehealth) may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way we price our products and services or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive.
out-of-network providers are not limited by any agreement with us in the amounts they bill. while benefit plans place limits on the amount of charges that will be considered for reimbursement and regulations seek to prescribe payment levels, establish methodologies and dispute resolution processes, providers are increasingly sophisticated and aggressive. as a result, the outcome of disputes where we do not have a provider contract may cause us to pay higher medical or other benefit costs than we projected.
additionally, certain of our products and services are sold in part through nonexclusive producers and consultants for whose services and allegiance we compete. our sales could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels.
if we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we maintain relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers, which provide us with, among other things:
•access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals by our specialty pharmacies.
our contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers are typically nonexclusive and terminable on relatively short notice by either party. the consolidation of pharmaceutical manufacturers, the termination or material alteration of our relationships, or our failure to renew contracts on market competitive terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, arrangements between payors and pharmaceutical manufacturers have been the subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. adoption of new laws, rules or regulations or changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws, rules or regulations, relating to any of these programs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
if significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider marketplace, or if other issues arise with respect to our pharmacy networks, including the loss of or adverse change in our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.
more than 67,900 pharmacies participated in one or more of our networks as of december 31, 2021. the ten largest retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 62% of the total number of stores in our largest network. in certain geographic areas of the united states, our networks may be comprised of higher concentrations of one or more large pharmacy chains. contracts with retail pharmacies are generally nonexclusive and are terminable on relatively short notice by either party. if one or more of the larger pharmacy chains terminates its relationship with us, or is able to renegotiate terms substantially less favorable to us, our customers' access to retail pharmacies or our business could be materially adversely affected. the entry of one or more additional large pharmacy chains into the pharmacy benefit management business, the consolidation of existing pharmacy chains or increased leverage or market share by the largest pharmacy providers could increase the likelihood of negative changes in our relationship with such pharmacies. changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could have a negative impact on our claims volume or our competitiveness in the marketplace, which could cause us to fall short of certain guarantees in our contracts with clients or otherwise impair our business or results of operations.
contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy networks and our pharmacy and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use pricing metrics published by third parties as benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. if these benchmarks are no longer published by third parties, we, or our contractual partners, adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry, legislation or regulation requires the use of other pricing benchmarks, or future changes in drug prices substantially deviate from our expectations, the short- or long-term impacts may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
as a global company, we face political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks that present challenges and could negatively affect our multinational operations or our long-term growth.
as a global company, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations. these risks can vary substantially by market, and include political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and other risks, including government intervention that we do not face in our u.s. operations. the global nature of our business and operations may present challenges including, but not limited to, those arising from:
•geopolitical business conditions and demands;
•price controls or other pricing issues and exchange controls; restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds out of the countries in which we operate; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations and restrictions on converting currencies from foreign operations into other currencies; uncertainty with respect to the interpretation of tax positions;
•managing our partner relationships in countries outside of the united states;
•acts of civil unrest, war and terrorism, as well as other political and economic conflicts such as through imposition of economic or political sanctions;
•general economic and political conditions.
these factors may increase in significance as we continue to expand globally and operating in new foreign markets may require considerable management time before operations generate any significant revenues and earnings. any one of these challenges could negatively affect our operations or long-term growth. for example, if we're unable to divest our south korean business, we will continue to be exposed to potential losses resulting from economic and regulatory changes in that country and the geopolitical climate in the korean peninsula, as well as foreign currency movements affecting the south korean currency, that, due to the current concentration of our international business, could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial results.
international operations also require us to devote significant resources to implement controls and systems in new markets to comply with, and to ensure that our vendors and partners comply with, u.s. and foreign laws prohibiting bribery, corruption and money laundering, in addition to other regulations regarding, among other things, our products, direct-to-consumer communications, customer privacy, data protection and data residency. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm. our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and long-term growth.
strategic transactions involve risks and we may not realize the expected benefits because of integration difficulties, underperformance relative to our expectations and other challenges.
as part of our strategy, we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing arrangements, divestitures and other relationships (collectively referred to as "strategic transactions"). there is significant competition for attractive targets and opportunities and we may be unable to identify and successfully complete strategic transactions in the future. in addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives, and we may divest or wind down such businesses. we may be unable to complete any such divestiture on terms favorable to us, within the expected timeframes, or at all. we may have continued financial exposure to divested businesses following the completion of any such transaction, including increased costs due to potential litigation, contingent liabilities and indemnification of the buyer related to, among other things, lawsuits, regulatory matters or tax liabilities.
our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of strategic transactions, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to successfully combine or separate business operations, resources and systems, including data security systems and internal financial control standards, in an efficient and effective manner. integration and separation activities may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. these activities are complex, costly and time-consuming and may divert management's attention from ongoing business concerns. delays or issues encountered in these activities could have a material adverse effect on the revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition of the company. additionally, the benefits of strategic transactions and the related timing could be impacted by various factors, including political instability, natural disasters, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in obtaining regulatory approval and changes in regulations.
strategic transactions could result in increased costs, including facilities and systems consolidation or separation costs and costs to retain key employees, decreases in expected revenues, earnings or cash flows and goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges. as of december 31, 2021, our goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of approximately $80 billion, representing 52% of our total consolidated assets. the value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if the businesses we acquire do not perform in a manner consistent with our assumptions. future evaluations requiring an impairment to goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and shareholders' equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on goodwill and intangibles. in addition, the trading price of our securities may decline if, among other things, we are unable to achieve our estimates of earnings growth and operational cost savings, or the transaction costs are greater than expected. the trading price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of a transaction as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts.
additionally, joint ventures and equity investments present risks that are different from acquisitions, including risks related to: specific operations and finances of the businesses we invest in; selection of appropriate parties; differing objectives of the various parties; competition between and among parties; compliance activities (including compliance with applicable cms requirements); growing the business in a manner acceptable to all the parties; maintaining positive relationships among the parties, clients and customers; initial and ongoing governance of joint ventures and customer and business disruption that may occur upon a joint venture termination.
further, we may finance strategic transactions by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price that could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders, or by incurring additional debt that could increase costs and impact our ability to access capital in the future.
in addition, effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to mitigate the risk of fraud. the integration of businesses is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. any difficulties in assimilating businesses into our control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. we also rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of joint venture entities and other entities in which we invest and their failure to maintain effectiveness or comply with applicable standards may materially and adversely affect us. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information that could negatively impact the trading price of our securities and our access to capital.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions.
to improve operating costs, productivity and efficiencies, we contract with third parties for the provision of specific services. our operations may be adversely affected if a third party fails to satisfy its obligations, if the arrangement is terminated in whole or in part or if there is a contractual dispute between us and the third party. even though contracts are intended to provide certain protections, we have limited control over the actions of third parties. for example, noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, any security breach involving one of our third-party vendors or a dispute between us and a third-party vendor related to our arrangement could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
outsourcing also may require us to change our existing operations, adopt new processes for managing these service providers or redistribute responsibilities to realize the potential productivity and operational efficiencies. if there are delays or difficulties in changing business processes or our third-party vendors do not perform as expected, we may not realize, or not realize on a timely basis, the anticipated economic and other benefits of these relationships. this could result in additional costs or regulatory compliance issues or create other operational or financial problems for us. terminating or transitioning, in whole or in part, arrangements with key vendors could result in additional costs or penalties, risks of operational delays or potential errors and control issues during the termination or transition phase. we may not be able to find an alternative vendor in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. if there is an interruption in business or loss of access to data resulting from a security breach, termination or transition in services, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and, in turn, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
a significant disruption in service within our operations or among our key suppliers or other third parties could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, data centers and corporate facilities, processing new and renewal business, maintaining appropriate shipment and storage conditions for prescriptions (such as temperature and protection from contamination) and home delivery processing. in some instances, our ability to provide services or products (including processing and dispensing prescriptions) depends on the availability of services and products provided by suppliers, providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, vendors or shipping carriers. a disruption, or threat of disruption, in our supply chain, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, or inability to access or deliver products that meet requisite quality safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.
increasing natural disasters in connection with climate change could also be a direct threat to us and our third-party vendors, service providers or other stakeholders. natural disasters, such as wildfires, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, have impacted and may continue to impact our customers and pose a risk to our employees and facilities located in the impacted region. responses to such scenarios have and may include, among other things, making temporary policy changes, such as waiving various medical requirements, assisting with replacement medications, transferring prescriptions and expanding our help line. in addition, there is a risk that actions taken to respond to climate change could increase the cost of energy, fuel and other commodities, which would increase our operating costs.
we are also subject to risk as a result of information technology disruptions. any failure or disruption of our performance of, or our ability to perform, key business functions, including through unavailability or cyberattack of our information technology systems or those of third parties (including cloud service providers), could cause slower response times, decreased levels of service satisfaction and harm to our reputation. our systems interface with and depend on third-party systems and we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption.
while we have adopted, and continue to enhance, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies, there is no guarantee that such plans and strategies will be effective, which could interrupt the functionality of our information technology systems or those of third parties. our failure to implement adequate business continuity and disaster recovery strategies could significantly reduce our ability to provide products and services to our customers and clients, which could have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations.
our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation, availability and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems.
our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care providers and to operate our business. if our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we, or any of the third-party providers we engage, were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our clients, customers and health care providers and hinder our ability to provide or establish appropriate pricing for products and services, retain and attract clients and customers, establish reserves and report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things.
our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. we must continue to invest in and maintain long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats or other events that could disrupt our information technology systems such as man-made or natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change). our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. we must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. further, because system development projects are long-term in nature, they may be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion. our failure to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation, availability and data integrity of our systems could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flow.
as a large health services company, we and our vendors are subject to cyberattacks or other privacy or data security incidents. if we are unable to prevent or contain the effects of any such attacks, or fail to ensure vendors do the same, we may suffer exposure to substantial liability, reputational harm, loss of revenue or other damages.
our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information, including information that is subject to privacy, security or data notification laws. computer systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses or malware, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyberattacks or other computer-related penetrations. there have been, and will likely continue to be, large scale cyberattacks within the health service industry. additionally, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information technology. human or technological error has and could in the future result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems; theft of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware, destructive attacks or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions or denials of service.
as we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally, our exposure to unintended disclosures, data security and related cybersecurity risks increases, including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized access or misappropriation of proprietary or personal information, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also increases. the healthcare data ecosystem is complex and requires data exchange with vendors, business partners, the government and others. if disruptions, disclosures or breaches are not detected quickly, their effect could be compounded. we have dedicated significant resources to implement security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. further, we depend on many vendors to support and assist our business, which requires such vendors to generate, store and use sensitive personal information.
cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to our proprietary systems are becoming increasingly sophisticated. cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources including terrorists, nation states, internal actors, or third parties, such as external service providers, and the techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until after they have been launched. for example, there has been an increase in new financial fraud schemes akin to ransomware attacks on large companies whereby a cybercriminal installs a type of malicious software, or malware, that prevents a user or enterprise from accessing computer files, systems or networks and demands payment of a ransom for their return. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. in addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to the same types of security breaches. finally, our offices may be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, human error or similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our customers' and clients' data.
the costs to eliminate or address security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers.
in addition, the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third parties could expose our customers' and their private information to the risk of financial or medical identity theft. unauthorized dissemination of confidential and proprietary information about our business and strategy could also negatively affect the achievement of our strategic initiatives. such events could cause us to breach our contractual obligations and violate applicable laws. these events would negatively affect our ability to compete, others' trust in us, our reputation, customer base and revenues and expose us to mandatory disclosure requirements, government investigations, litigation and other enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties or remediation costs and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
in managing medical practices and operating pharmacies, onsite clinics and other types of medical facilities, we may be subject to additional liability that could result in significant time and expense.
in addition to contracting with physicians and other health care providers for services, we employ physicians, pharmacists, nurses and other health care providers at our home delivery and specialty pharmacies, onsite low acuity and primary care practices and infusion clinics that we manage and operate for our customers, as well as certain clinics for our employees. we also provide in-home care through health care providers that we employ, as well as, through third-party contractors. as such, we may be subject to liability for certain acts, omissions, or injuries caused by our employees or agents, or occurring at one of these practices, pharmacies or clinics. the defense of any actions may require the diversion of personnel and other resources and the incurrence of significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
legal and compliance risks our business is subject to substantial government regulation, as well as new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
our business is regulated at the federal, state, local and international levels. the laws and rules governing our business and related interpretations are increasing in number and complexity, are subject to frequent change and can be inconsistent or in conflict with each other. noncompliance with applicable regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
we must identify, assess and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with the various existing regulations applicable to our business. there are currently pending, and in the future there will likely be, legislative or regulatory proposals which seek to manage the health services industry, including managing prescription drug costs and health records, as well as regulating drug distribution. we expect federal and state governments to continue to enact and seriously consider many broad-based legislative and regulatory proposals that will or could materially impact various aspects of the health care and related benefits system. in addition, changes to government policies not specifically targeted to the health services industry, such as a change in tax laws and the corporate tax rate or government spending cuts, could have significant impacts on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. the trading price of our securities may react to the announcement of such proposals. as disclosed in part ii, item 5 of this form 10-k, we have an active share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors. in 2021, proposed legislation was introduced in the united states senate, which would if passed assess an excise tax on the amount spent by a publicly traded company on buying back its own stock. we are unable to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof, including their effect on our operations; however, certain of these proposals could, if enacted, adversely impact our business and results of operations.
existing or future laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products and services we offer and where we offer them, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including medical, operating, health care technology and administrative costs, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment. for example, invalidation, modification, repeal or replacement of the aca or portions thereof could result in material changes to the way we conduct our business, as well as the loss of subsidies related to our ifp offerings. we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to, among other things, market many of our products, expand into additional geographic or product markets, increase prices for certain regulated products and consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce our revenue or increase our costs. existing or future laws and rules could also require or lead us to take other actions such as changing our business practices, and could increase our liability. further, failure to effectively implement or adjust our strategic and operational initiatives, such as by reducing operating costs, adjusting premium pricing or benefit design or transforming our business model in response to regulatory changes may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
for more information on regulations affecting our business, see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
there are various risks associated with participating in government-sponsored programs, such as medicare, including dependence upon government funding, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight and enforcement.
through our u.s. government business, we contract with cms and various state governmental agencies to provide managed health care services including medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans. additionally, our evernorth business provides services to government entities and payers participating in government health care programs.
our revenues from government funded programs, including our medicare programs and our government clients, are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government or applicable state or local governments. funding for these programs is dependent on many factors outside our control, including general economic conditions, continuing government efforts to contain health care costs and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state or local level and general political issues and priorities. these entities generally have the right to not renew or cancel their contracts with us on short notice without cause or if funds are not available. unanticipated changes in funding, such as the application of sequestration by the federal or state governments or the failure to provide for continued appropriations or regular ongoing scheduled payments to us, could substantially reduce our revenues and profitability.
the medicare program has been the subject of regulatory reform initiatives. the premium rates paid to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans are established by contract, although the rates differ depending on a combination of factors, some of which are outside our control. for example, the base premium rate paid differs depending upon a combination of various factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region, benefit mix, member eligibility category and risk scores. additionally, a portion of each medicare advantage plan's reimbursement is tied to the plan's star rating, with those plans receiving a rating of four or more stars eligible for quality-based bonus payments. a plan's star rating affects its image in the market and plans that perform well are able to offer enhanced benefits, market more effectively and for longer periods of time than other plans. the star rating system is subject to change annually by cms, which may make it more difficult to achieve four stars or greater. our medicare advantage plans' and medicare part d plans' operating results, premium revenue and benefit offerings are likely to continue to be significantly determined by their star ratings. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. in addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses, which could adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership or impact our financial performance. see the "executive overview - key transactions and business developments" section of md&a in part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k for additional information on our star ratings.
additionally, if we fail to comply with cms' contractual requirements, including data submission, enrollment and marketing, provider network adequacy, provider directory accuracy, quality measures, claims payment, continuity of care, timely and accurate processing of appeals and grievances, oversight of first tier downstream and related entities and call center performance, we may be subject to administrative actions, including enrollment sanctions or contract termination, fines or other penalties that could impact our profitability. as described under "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k, on november 1, 2018, cms released a proposed rule that would revise its radv methodology and, if adopted in its current form, could result in some combination of degraded plan benefits, higher monthly premiums or reduced choice for the population served by all medicare advantage insurers. while it is uncertain whether cms will finalize the rule as proposed, if adopted, it could have a material impact on the company's future results of operations.
any failure, or alleged failure, to comply with various state and federal health care laws and regulations, including those directed at preventing fraud and abuse in government funded programs, has resulted in and could in the future result in investigations or litigation, such as actions under the federal false claims act and similar whistleblower statutes under state laws. a successful action or claim against us could subject us to damage awards, including treble damages, fines, penalties or other enforcement actions, restrictions on our ability to market or enroll new customers, limits on expansion, restrictions or exclusions from programs or other agreements with federal or state governmental agencies, which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
we face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits and investigations.
we are routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and other legal matters arising, for the most part, in the ordinary course of business. these legal matters could include benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, claims arising from consumer protection laws, false claims act laws, claims disputes under federal or state laws and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, antitrust claims, employee benefit claims, wage and hour claims, tax, privacy, intellectual property and whistleblower claims, shareholder suits and other securities law claims, real estate disputes, claims related to disclosure of certain business practices and claims arising from customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. in addition, we have incurred and likely will continue to incur liability for practices and claims related to our health care business, such as marketing misconduct, failure to timely or appropriately pay for or provide health care, provider network structure, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes including disputes over compensation or contractual provisions, erisa claims, allegations related to calculations of cost sharing and claims related to our administration of self-funded business. we are also routinely involved in legal matters arising from our health services business, including without limitation claims related to the dispensing of pharmaceutical products by our home delivery and specialty pharmacies, pharmacy benefit management services, such as formulary management services, health benefit management services and provider services. there are currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the company and other companies in our industry; individual plaintiffs also may bring multiple claims regarding the same subject matter against us and other companies in our industry.
court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial noneconomic or punitive damages may be sought. we procure insurance coverage to cover some of these potential liabilities, however we also self-insure a significant portion of our litigation risks. while we maintain some third-party insurance coverage, including excess liability insurance with third-party insurance carriers, certain liabilities or types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may be insufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. resolving disputes is often expensive and disruptive, regardless of the outcome. additionally, it is possible that the resolution of current or future legal matters and claims could result in changes to our industry and business practices, losses material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or damage to our reputation.
we are frequently the subject of regulatory market conduct and other reviews, audits and investigations by state insurance and health and welfare and pharmacy departments, attorneys general, doj, cms, dol and the oig and comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. additionally, we are, and may in the future be, subject to qui tam actions in which the government may or may not intervene. with respect to our medicare advantage and medicare part d businesses, cms and oig perform audits to determine a health plan's compliance with federal regulations and contractual obligations, including compliance with proper coding practices and fraud and abuse enforcement practices through audits designed to detect and correct improper payments. certain of our contracts are currently subject to radv audits by cms and the oig. the doj is conducting industry-wide investigations of the risk adjustment data submission practices and business processes of cigna and a number of other medicare advantage organizations. there also continues to be heightened review by federal and state regulators of business and reporting practices within the health services industry, including with respect to claims payment and related escheat practices, and increased scrutiny by other federal and state governmental agencies (such as state attorneys general) empowered to bring criminal actions in circumstances that could have previously given rise only to civil or administrative proceedings.
in addition, various government agencies have conducted investigations and audits into certain pharmacy benefit management practices. many of these investigations and audits have resulted in other companies being subject to civil penalties, including the payment of money and entry into corporate integrity agreements. we cannot predict what effect, if any, such government investigations and audits may ultimately have on us or on the industry in general. however, we will likely continue to experience government scrutiny and audit activity, which has and may in the future result in civil penalties.
regulatory audits, investigations or reviews or actions by other government agencies could result in changes to our business practices, retroactive adjustments to certain premiums, significant fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities or other sanctions, including corporate integrity agreements, restrictions on our ability to participate in government programs, market certain products or engage in business-related activities, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and liquidity. in addition, disclosure of an adverse investigation or audit or the imposition of fines or other sanctions could negatively affect our reputation in certain markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
a description of material pending legal actions and other legal and regulatory matters is included in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k. the outcome of litigation and other legal or regulatory matters is always uncertain.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected.
most of our activities involve the receipt, use, storage or transmission of a substantial amount of individuals' protected health information and personally identifiable information. we also use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis purposes, and in some cases, provide access to such de-identified data, or analytics created from such data, to pharmaceutical manufacturers and third-party data aggregators and analysts. we may also use such information to create analytic models designed to predict, and potentially improve, outcomes and patient care. the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with clients. in some cases, such laws, rules, regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements. we are also subject to various other consumer protection laws that regulate our communications with customers. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. international laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such information, such as the gdpr, can be more stringent than in the united states, and they vary across jurisdictions. in addition, more jurisdictions are regulating the transfer of data across borders and domestic privacy and data protection laws are generally becoming more onerous.
these laws, rules and contractual requirements are subject to change and the regulatory environment surrounding data security and privacy is increasingly demanding. compliance with existing or new privacy, security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for more information on privacy regulations to which we are subject, see "business - regulation" in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k.
hipaa requires covered entities to comply with the hipaa privacy, security and breach rules. in addition, business associates must comply with the hipaa security and breach requirements. while we endeavor to provide appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain sensitive personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs administers an audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and business associates. in addition, hhs continues to exercise its enforcement authority, such as enforcement actions resulting from investigations brought on by notification to hhs of a breach. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance or the implementation of an enforcement action could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows and reputation.
noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of protected personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could materially adversely affect our business and reputation, including our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
effective prevention, detection and control systems are critical to maintain regulatory compliance and prevent fraud and failure of these systems could adversely affect us.
federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud and abuse a priority. fraud and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities including kickbacks for referral of customers, billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us are complex and subject to change. in addition, ongoing vigorous law enforcement, a highly technical regulatory scheme and the dodd-frank act and related regulations enhance regulators' enforcement powers and whistleblower incentives and protections. our compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources. failure of our prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance or the failure of employees to comply with our internal policies including data systems security or unethical conduct by managers and employees, could adversely affect our reputation and also expose us to litigation and other proceedings, fines and penalties.
in addition, provider or customer fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact our medical costs or those of our self-insured clients. further, during an economic downturn, we may experience increased fraudulent claims volume that may lead to additional costs due to an increase in disputed claims and litigation.
economic risks economic and market conditions affect the value of our financial instruments and the value of particular assets and liabilities, investment income and interest expense.
as an insurer, we have substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder deposit liabilities and surplus requirements in our regulated companies. the market values of our investments vary depending on economic and market conditions with no offsetting change in the value of a portion of our liabilities. a substantial portion of our investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying maturities and commercial mortgage loans. the value of these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions. a rise in interest rates would likely reduce the value of our investment portfolio, increase interest expense on our indebtedness and increase investment income as investment assets mature and are replaced. in addition, an economic contraction could result in delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers, reducing our investment income and requiring us to write down the value of our investments.
significant stock market or interest rate declines could result in additional unfunded pension obligations resulting in the need for additional plan funding by us and increased pension expenses.
we currently have unfunded obligations in our frozen pension plans. a significant decline in the value of the plans' equity and fixed income investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially increase our expenses and change the timing and amount of required plan funding. this could reduce the cash available to us, including our subsidiaries. we are also exposed to interest rate and equity risk associated with our pension obligations. sustained declines in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the funded status of our pension plans and our reinvestment yield on new investments. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our obligations under the pension plans.
a downgrade in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in our debt ratings would increase the cost of borrowed funds and could negatively affect our ability to access capital.
financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are each important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits companies. ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe that the claims paying ability and financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries are important factors in marketing our products to certain customers. our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. each of the rating agencies reviews ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. a downgrade of any of these ratings in the future could make it more difficult to either market our products successfully or raise capital to support business growth.
we maintain significant indebtedness in the ordinary course of business and may incur further indebtedness in the future. our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and could divert our cash flow from operations for debt service costs, leaving us with less cash flow from operations available to fund growth, stock repurchases, dividends and other corporate purposes.
•requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to debt payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund our operations and growth strategy, including investments, acquisitions and capital expenditures, make stock repurchases, pay dividends and for general corporate purposes;
•increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, which may require us to dedicate an even greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt and limit our access to capital markets such that additional capital may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms;
•limits our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry.
the covenants in our debt instruments may have the effect, among other things, of restricting our financial and operating flexibility to respond to significant changes in business and economic conditions. we may incur or assume significantly more debt in the future which may subject us to additional restrictive covenants and increase the risks described above. if our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to seek additional dividends from our subsidiaries, sell assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt.
unfavorable developments in economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
many factors, including geopolitical issues, future economic downturns, man-made disasters, natural disasters (including those as a result of climate change) and pandemics, availability and cost of credit and other capital and consumer spending can negatively impact the u.s. and global economies. our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the impact of unfavorable economic conditions on our clients and customers (both employers and individuals), health care providers, pharmacy manufacturers, pharmacy providers and third-party vendors. for example:
•higher unemployment rates, employee attrition (including challenges filling open positions in light of an increasingly competitive job market) and workforce reductions could result in lower enrollment in our employer-based plans (including an increase in the number of employees who opt out of employer-based plans) or our individual plans.
•because of unfavorable economic conditions or the aca, employers may stop offering health care coverage to employees or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs.
•a prolonged unfavorable economic environment could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other health care providers, potentially increasing our medical costs.
•our third-party vendors could significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output to reduce their operating costs. our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion.
•other insurers' financial condition may be weakened, increasing the risk that we will receive significant assessments for obligations of insolvent insurers pursuant to guaranty associations, indemnity funds or other similar laws and regulations.
in addition, during and following a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, federal and state budgets could be materially adversely affected, resulting in reduced or delayed reimbursements or payments in government programs such as medicare and social security or under contracts with government entities. these budgetary pressures also could cause the government to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments on us, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. although we could attempt to mitigate or cover our exposure from such increased costs through, among other things, increases in premiums, there can be no assurance that we will be able to mitigate or cover all of such costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are subject to the credit risk of our reinsurers.
we enter into reinsurance arrangements with other insurance companies, primarily in connection with acquisition or divestiture transactions when the underwriting company is not being acquired or sold. under all reinsurance arrangements, reinsurers assume insured losses, subject to certain limitations or exceptions that may include a loss limit. these arrangements also subject us to various obligations, representations and warranties with the reinsurers. reinsurance does not relieve us of liability as the originating insurer. we remain liable to the underlying policyholders if a reinsurer defaults on obligations under the reinsurance arrangement. although we regularly evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers to minimize exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies, reinsurers may become financially unsound. if a reinsurer fails to meet its obligations under the reinsurance contract or if the liabilities exceed any applicable loss limit, we will be forced to cover the claims on the reinsured policies.
the collectability of amounts due from reinsurers is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including whether the insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract, whether reinsurers or their affiliates have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of the reinsurance contract and the magnitude and type of collateral supporting our reinsurance recoverable, such as holding sufficient qualifying assets in trusts or letters of credit issued. although a portion of our reinsurance exposures are secured, the inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page executive overview                            53
liquidity and capital resources               59
critical accounting estimates                 63
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition as of december 31, 2021 compared with december 31, 2020 and our results of operations for 2021 compared with 2020 and 2019 and is intended to help you understand the ongoing trends in our business. we encourage you to read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k ("form 10-k") and the "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
unless otherwise indicated, financial information in this md&a is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding the company's significant accounting policies. in some of our financial tables in this md&a, we present either percentage changes or "n/m" when those changes are so large as to become not meaningful. changes in percentages are expressed in basis points ("bps").
in this md&a, our consolidated measures "adjusted income from operations," earnings per share on that same basis and "adjusted revenues" are not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable gaap measures of "shareholders' net income," "earnings per share" and "total revenues." we also use pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations and adjusted revenues to measure the results of our segments.
the company uses "pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations" and "adjusted revenues" as its principal financial measures of segment operating performance because management believes these metrics best reflect the underlying results of business operations and permit analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. we define adjusted income from operations as shareholders' net income (or income before income taxes for the segment metric) excluding net realized investment results, amortization of acquired intangible assets, results of transitioning clients prior to 2020 and special items. cigna's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. adjusted income (loss) from operations is measured on an after-tax basis for consolidated results and on a pre-tax basis for segment results. consolidated adjusted income (loss) from operations is not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for the most directly comparable gaap measure, shareholders' net income. see the below financial highlights section for a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted income from operations to shareholders' net income.
the company defines adjusted revenues as total revenues excluding the following adjustments: special items, revenue contribution from transitioning clients prior to 2020 and cigna's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. we exclude these items from this measure because management believes they are not indicative of past or future underlying performance of the business. adjusted revenues is not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for the most directly comparable gaap measure, total revenues. see the below financial highlights section for a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted revenues to total revenues.
executive overview cigna corporation, together with its subsidiaries (either individually or collectively referred to as "cigna," the "company," "we," "our" or "us") is a global health services organization with a mission of helping those we serve improve their health, well-being and peace of mind by making health care affordable, predictable and simple. our subsidiaries offer a differentiated set of pharmacy, medical, dental and related products and services. for further information on our business and strategy, see item 1, "business" in this form 10-k.
revenue contribution from transitioning clients                                                                                                                                         -                                 -                            13,347                             n/m                                 n/m net realized investment results from certain equity method investments                                                                                                                  -                               130                                44                             n/m                           195
special item related to contractual adjustment for a former client                                                                                                                      -                               204                                 -                             n/m                                 n/m total revenues                                                                                                                                                                   $174,078                          $160,401                          $153,566                         9                       %           4         %
adjustment for transitioning clients                                                                                                                                                    -                                 -                             1,726                             n/m                                 n/m income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                        58                                37                                20                        57                                  85
special items                                                                                                                                                                       (451)                             3,726                             (810)                             n/m                                 n/m income before income taxes                                                                                                                                                         $6,782                           $10,868                            $6,570                      (38)                       %          65         %
(1) includes the company's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting.
medical costs and other benefit expenses                                                                                              33,562                            32,710                            30,819                         852                         3                       1,891                         6
total benefits and expenses                                                                                                          166,143                           152,248                           145,489                      13,895                         9                       6,759                         5
adjustment for transitioning clients                                                                                                                          -                                   -                         (1,316)                         -                               -                          (3.46)
special items charge for organizational efficiency plan                                                                                                                   119                                  24                             162                      0.35                            0.07                            0.43
integration and transaction-related (benefits) costs                                                                                                         71                                 404                             427                      0.21                            1.10                            1.11
(benefits) charges associated with litigation matters                                                                                                      (21)                                  19                              41                    (0.06)                            0.05                            0.11
total special items                                                                                                                                         279                             (2,850)                             630                      0.82                          (7.73)                            1.65
(1) includes the company's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting.
covid-19 update cigna's commitment to the health, well-being and peace of mind of our employees and the people we serve remains the primary focus as the pandemic continues to impact all aspects of daily life. cigna is leveraging its resources, expertise, data and actionable intelligence to assist customers, clients and care providers navigate the evolving dynamics of the pandemic. the company continues to encourage covid-19 vaccinations across all eligible populations to help control the spread of the virus, limit the severity of the disease and save lives. cigna has also expanded access to testing, care and supportive resources to help everyone it serves take care of their physical and mental health during this time, and will continue to do so.
we continue to optimize purchasing volume across the pharmaceutical supply chain in order to mitigate risk of disruption with prescription drug supply due to ongoing global supply disruptions.
the situation surrounding covid-19 remains fluid with continued uncertainty and a wide range of potential outcomes. we continue to actively manage our response and assess impacts to our financial position and operating results, as well as mitigate adverse developments in our business. there continues to be uncertainty surrounding the pace, duration and extent of the covid-19 pandemic and its related impacts - including vaccination efforts and new covid-19 variants (including the delta and omicron variants) - on our results for 2022 and beyond. we believe that such financial results may continue to be impacted by, among other things, higher medical costs to treat those affected by the virus, vaccine-related costs, test reimbursement costs, lower risk adjustment revenue due to disrupted care impeding appropriate documentation of customer risk profiles in our medicare advantage plans, the pace at which costs return as well as the severity of costs for those who had previously deferred care, the potential for future deferral of care, lower customer volumes due to a disrupted employment market, or volatility in the economic markets.
for further information regarding the potential impact of covid-19 on the company, see "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
the commentary presented below, and in the segment discussions that follow, compare results for the year ended december 31, 2021 with results for the year ended december 31, 2020.
shareholders' net income decreased, reflecting the absence of the gain on sale of the group disability and life business reported in 2020, partially offset by higher adjusted income from operations.
adjusted income from operations increased, primarily resulting from higher earnings in evernorth and lower net interest expense. improved results in our international businesses held for sale (reported in other operations) also contributed to the increase. these favorable effects were partially offset by lower earnings in cigna healthcare and the absence of earnings in 2021 from the sold group disability and life business. the increase in earnings in the evernorth segment was primarily attributable to continued contract affordability improvements and business growth (see "evernorth segment" section of this md&a). lower earnings in cigna healthcare were primarily driven by the unfavorable impacts of covid-19, partially offset by higher net investment income (see "cigna healthcare segment" section of this md&a).
pharmacy revenues increased, reflecting inflation on branded drugs and higher claim volume, primarily due to our collaboration with prime therapeutics. see the "evernorth segment" section of this md&a for further discussion of pharmacy revenues.
premiums were lower, reflecting the impact of the sale of the group disability and life business. this effect was partially offset by an increase in cigna healthcare premiums resulting from customer growth in our insured businesses, higher premium rates due to anticipated underlying medical cost trend and the absence of premium relief programs implemented in the second quarter of 2020 in response to deferred care due to the covid-19 pandemic.
net investment income increased due to strong returns on our securities limited partnership investments, partially offset by lower average assets due to the sale of the group disability and life business. see the "investment assets" section of this md&a for further discussion.
pharmacy and other service costs increased, reflecting inflation on branded drugs and higher claim volume, primarily due to our collaboration with prime therapeutics.
medical costs and other benefit expenses increased, resulting from higher medical costs in cigna healthcare primarily driven by net unfavorable covid-19 related impacts, underlying medical cost trend and customer growth in our insured business. these unfavorable effects were substantially offset by the impact of the sale of the group disability and life business.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased, primarily reflecting the impact of the sale of the group disability and life business, lower integration and transaction costs and the repeal of the health insurance industry tax. these favorable effects were partially offset by expense growth in evernorth and cigna healthcare reflecting business growth.
realized investment results improved, primarily due to gains on sales of real estate joint ventures in 2021, favorable market value adjustments on equity securities in 2021 compared with 2020 and lower credit loss reserves on debt securities. these favorable effects were partially offset by lower gains on sales of debt securities in 2021 compared with 2020.
income tax expense decreased in 2021, reflecting the absence of taxes recorded in 2020 on the sale of the group disability and life business. the consolidated effective tax rate decreased, primarily driven by the repeal of the nondeductible health insurance industry tax in 2021 and the absence of incremental tax expense associated with the sale of the group disability and life business in 2020.
shareholders' net income increased, driven by the gain on sale of the group disability and life business, lower amortization of acquired intangible assets and higher adjusted income from operations, partially offset by the absence of earnings from transitioning clients.
adjusted income from operations increased, driven in part by higher earnings in the evernorth segment reflecting customer growth and increased script volumes and lower interest costs in corporate due to a lower level of outstanding debt. these favorable effects were partially offset by lower earnings from the sold group disability and life business (reported in other operations) primarily reflecting significantly elevated life claims related to the effects of covid-19.
pharmacy revenues increased, reflecting the transition of cigna healthcare's customers to evernorth, higher claims volumes, driven by the evernorth collaboration with prime therapeutics and increased prices, primarily due to inflation on branded drugs. these factors were substantially offset by the absence of revenues from the transitioning clients and, to a lesser extent, an increase in the generic fill rate. see the "evernorth segment" section of this md&a for further discussion of pharmacy revenues.
fees and other revenues decreased, primarily reflecting the transition of cigna healthcare's commercial customers to evernorth's retail pharmacy network beginning in the third quarter of 2019 (see note 3(j) to the consolidated financial statements for further information).
net investment income decreased, driven by lower yields, including lower income from partnership investments due to current economic conditions. these effects were partially offset by higher average assets.
pharmacy and other service costs increased, reflecting the transition of cigna healthcare's customers to evernorth, higher claims volumes, driven by the evernorth collaboration with prime therapeutics and an increase in pricing, primarily due to inflation on branded drugs. these factors were substantially offset by the impact of the absence of the transitioning clients and, to a lesser extent, continued contract affordability improvements and the favorable impact of the mix of claims.
medical costs and other benefit expenses increased, reflecting both customer growth and direct costs associated with covid-19, partially offset by care deferrals in insured products in cigna healthcare and higher life claims in the sold group disability and life business due to the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
selling, general and administrative expenses were essentially flat, primarily reflecting lower charges in 2020 for the 2019 organizational efficiency plan and resolving our affordable care act risk corridors claim against the united states federal government in the third quarter of 2020. these decreases were offset by the return of the health insurance industry tax.
amortization of acquired intangible assets decreased, primarily reflecting lower amortization of customer-related intangibles associated with the transitioning clients.
income tax expense increased for 2020, largely attributable to the sale of cigna's group disability and life business. the consolidated effective tax rate decreased slightly, driven by recognition of certain incremental federal and state tax benefits, largely offset by the return of the nondeductible health insurance industry tax.
key transactions and business developments organizational efficiency plan as discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company approved a strategic plan to drive operational efficiencies. we believe this plan, coupled with the previously announced divestiture of the international life, accident and supplemental health benefits businesses (described below), will further leverage the company's ongoing growth to drive operational efficiency through enhancements to organizational structure and increased use of automation and shared services. in connection with these plans, cigna has updated its reporting segments to align with the new business reporting structure and recognized a charge in the fourth quarter of 2021 in the amount of $168 million, pre-tax ($119 million, after-tax). we expect to realize annualized after-tax savings of approximately $180 million. a substantial portion of the savings is expected to be realized in 2022. although a substantial portion of the actions associated with these strategic steps have been reflected in the charge recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021, additional amounts are expected to be recorded in the second quarter of 2022 as we finalize our plans following the completion of the divestiture. see note 15 for further information regarding our organizational efficiency charge.
agreement to sell international life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses we entered into a definitive agreement in october 2021 to sell our life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in seven countries to chubb ina holdings, inc. ("chubb") for $5.75 billion cash (the "chubb transaction"). subject to applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, we expect to complete the sale of our life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in hong kong, indonesia, new zealand, south korea, taiwan, thailand and our interest in a joint venture in turkey in the second quarter of 2022. the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a provides discussion of the expected impact of this transaction to liquidity.
purchase of mdlive as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, on april 19, 2021 cigna's evernorth segment completed the acquisition of mdlive, inc. ("mdlive"), a 24/7 virtual care platform (the "mdlive acquisition"). the acquisition of mdlive will enable evernorth to continue expanding access to virtual care and delivering a more affordable, convenient and connected care experience for consumers. the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a provides discussion of the impact of the mdlive acquisition on liquidity.
sale of group disability and life business as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, cigna sold its u.s. group disability and life business to new york life insurance company for $6.2 billion on december 31, 2020 (the "new york life divestiture"). the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a provides discussion of the use of proceeds from the new york life divestiture.
merger with express scripts cigna acquired express scripts on december 20, 2018. costs related to this transaction are reported in "integration and transaction-related costs" as a special item and excluded from adjusted income from operations because they are not indicative of future underlying performance of the business. the integration of this acquisition has been completed.
on january 30, 2019, anthem, inc. ("anthem"), a former client of express scripts, exercised its early termination right and terminated its pharmacy benefit management services agreement with us, effective march 1, 2019. there was a twelve-month transition period that ended march 1, 2020. we excluded the results of express scripts' contract with anthem (and also coventry health care, inc.) from our non-gaap reporting metrics adjusted revenues and adjusted income from operations for 2019 and refer to these clients as transitioning clients. as of december 31, 2019, the transition was substantially complete; therefore, beginning in 2020, we no longer exclude results of transitioning clients from our reported adjusted revenues and adjusted income from operations. additionally, for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded an adjustment related to this contract that was excluded from adjusted revenues and adjusted income from operations.
medicare star quality ratings ("star ratings")
the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") uses a star rating system to measure how well medicare advantage ("ma") plans perform, scoring how well plans perform in several categories, including quality of care and customer service. star ratings range from one to five stars. cms recognizes plans with star ratings of four stars or greater with quality bonus payments and the ability to offer enhanced benefits. approximately 87% of our ma customers were in four star or greater plans for bonus payments received in 2021 and approximately 89% were in four star or greater plans for bonus payments to be received in 2022; we expect this percentage to decrease to 86% for bonus payments to be received in 2023 based upon the mix of new and existing ma plans.
medicare advantage ("ma") rates on january 15, 2021, cms published the calendar year 2022 medicare advantage and part d rate announcement (the "2022 final notice"), finalizing reimbursement rates for 2022. on february 2, 2022, cms released the calendar year 2023 advance notice of methodological changes for medicare advantage capitation rates and part c and part d payment policies (the "advance notice"). we do not expect the new rates to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations in 2022 or 2023. cms will accept comments on the advance notice through march 4, 2022, before publishing the final rate announcement by april 4, 2022. the advance notice is subject to the required notice and comment period, and we cannot predict when or to what extent cms will adopt the proposals in the advance notice.
liquidity and capital resources
shareholders' equity                        $47,112                 $50,321                 $45,338
liquidity we maintain liquidity at two levels: the subsidiary level and the parent company level.
•pharmacy, medical costs and other benefit payments;
•expense requirements, primarily for employee compensation and benefits, information technology and facilities costs;
our subsidiaries normally meet their liquidity requirements by:
•using cash flows from operating activities;
•matching investment durations to those estimated for the related insurance and contractholder liabilities;
•borrowing from affiliates, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
the parent company normally meets its liquidity requirements by:
•collecting dividends from its subsidiaries;
•borrowing from its subsidiaries, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
dividends from our insurance, health maintenance organization ("hmo") and certain foreign subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these restrictions. most of the evernorth segment operations are not subject to regulatory restrictions regarding dividends and therefore provide significant financial flexibility to cigna.
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                  $7,191                 $10,350                  $9,485
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities:
cash proceeds from sale of u.s. group disability and life business, net of cash sold                         (61)                   5,592                       -
other acquisitions                                                                                        (1,833)                   (139)                   (153)
net investing activities                                                                                  (3,611)                   2,976                   (734)
net cash (used in) financing activities:
net financing activities                                                                                  (8,212)                 (8,533)                 (7,187)
the following discussion explains variances in the various categories of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared with the year ended december 31, 2020. for comparisons of liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared with the year ended december 31, 2019, please refer to the previously filed md&a included in part ii, item 7 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist principally of cash receipts and disbursements for pharmacy revenues and costs, premiums, fees, investment income, taxes, benefit costs and other expenses.
cash provided by operating activities decreased, driven by increases in accounts receivable due to higher pharmacy claim volume and business growth and a delay in the annual cms part d settlement, the timing of pharmacy and other service cost payables as well as higher tax payments largely related to the sale of the group disability and life business. these decreases were partially offset by the absence of the health insurance industry tax payments.
investing and financing activities cash used in investing activities increased, primarily due to the acquisition of mdlive in 2021, the absence of the net proceeds from the sale of the group disability and life business in 2020, partially offset by lower net investment activities.
cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to lower debt repayments, offset by higher stock repurchases including shares purchased pursuant to the asr agreements (described below) and an increase in dividends paid.
capital resources our capital resources consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and investments maintained at regulated subsidiaries required to underwrite insurance risks, cash flows from operating activities, our commercial paper program, credit agreements and the issuance of long-term debt and equity securities. our businesses generate significant cash flow from operations, some of which is subject to regulatory restrictions relative to the amount and timing of dividend payments to the parent company. dividends from u.s. regulated subsidiaries were $2.8 billion and $2.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. non-regulated subsidiaries also generate significant cash flow from operating activities, which is typically available immediately to the parent company for general corporate purposes.
we prioritize our use of capital resources to:
•invest in capital expenditures, primarily related to technology to support innovative solutions for our customers, provide the capital necessary to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries and to repay debt and fund pension obligations if necessary;
•consider acquisitions that are strategically and economically advantageous; and
•return capital to shareholders through share repurchases.
revolving credit agreements. our revolving credit agreements provide us with the ability to borrow amounts for general corporate purposes, including for the purpose of providing liquidity support if necessary under our commercial paper program discussed above.
cigna's revolving credit agreements include: a $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit and letter of credit agreement that expires in april 2026; a $1.0 billion three-year revolving credit agreement that expires in april 2024; and a $1.0 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement that expires in april 2022.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $5.0 billion of undrawn committed capacity under our revolving credit agreements (these amounts are available for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity support for our commercial paper program), $3.0 billion of remaining capacity under our commercial paper program and $5.5 billion in cash and short-term investments, approximately $1.7 billion of which was held by the parent company or certain non-regulated subsidiaries.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our credit agreements and commercial paper program.
at december 31, 2021, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 41.7%, an increase from 39.5% at december 31, 2020, reflecting higher commercial paper balances and the impact of share repurchase on shareholders' equity.
we actively monitor our debt obligations and engage in issuance or redemption activities as needed in accordance with our capital management strategy.
subsidiary borrowings. in addition to the sources of liquidity discussed above, the parent company can borrow an additional $2.0 billion from its subsidiaries without further approvals as of december 31, 2021.
use of capital resources capital expenditures. capital expenditures for property, equipment and computer software were $1.2 billion in 2021 compared to $1.1 billion in 2020. we expect to continue to invest in technology that we believe will drive future growth. anticipated capital expenditures will be funded primarily from operating cash flow.
dividends. for 2021, cigna declared and paid quarterly cash dividends of $1.00 per share of cigna common stock. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our dividend payments. on february 3, 2022, the board of directors declared and increased the quarterly cash dividend to $1.12 per share of cigna common stock to be paid on march 24, 2022 to shareholders of record on march 9, 2022. cigna currently intends to pay regular quarterly dividends, with future declarations subject to approval by its board of directors and the board's determination that the declaration of dividends remains in the best interests of cigna and its shareholders. the decision of whether to pay future dividends and the amount of any such dividends will be based on the company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, the requirements of applicable law and any other factors the board of directors may deem relevant.
acquisition. in april 2021, cigna completed its acquisition of mdlive, which was funded with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
share repurchases. we maintain a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, under which we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, general business and market conditions and alternate uses of capital. the share repurchase program may be effected through open market purchases in compliance with rule 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including through rule 10b5-1 trading plans or privately negotiated transactions. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
on august 23, 2021, as part of our existing share repurchase program, we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase $2.0 billion of common stock. the total number of shares repurchased under the asr agreements was 9.5 million. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, we repurchased 35.2 million shares for approximately $7.7 billion including the $2.0 billion paid under the asr agreements. from january 1, 2022 through february 23, 2022, we repurchased 5.0 million shares for approximately $1.2 billion. share repurchase authority was $6.0 billion as of february 23, 2022.
pension liability. as of december 31, 2021, our unfunded pension liability was $377 million, a decrease of $600 million from december 31, 2020, primarily attributable to strong investment asset returns and an increase in discount rates of 33 basis points. in 2021, we made immaterial contributions to the qualified pension plans as required under the pension protection act of 2006 and we expect the required contributions for 2022 to be immaterial. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
divestitures group disability and life sale. in connection with the sale of this business that closed on december 31, 2020, we deployed approximately $3.0 billion to debt repayment by: (i) repaying in full our $1.4 billion 364-day term loan credit agreement entered into on april 1, 2020, on december 31, 2020; (ii) redeeming in full the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of cigna's senior floating rate notes due 2021 on january 15, 2021 at a redemption price calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the indenture governing the notes; and (iii) repaying certain balances of our outstanding commercial paper in january 2021.
sale of life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in seven countries. cigna entered into a definitive agreement in october 2021 to sell its life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in seven countries to chubb for $5.75 billion cash. subject to applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, we expect to complete the sale of our life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in hong kong, indonesia, new zealand, south korea, taiwan, thailand and our interest in a joint venture in turkey in the second quarter of 2022. cigna estimates it will receive approximately $5.4 billion of net after-tax proceeds from this transaction and expects to utilize the after-tax proceeds from the transaction primarily for share repurchases.
risks to our liquidity and capital resources outlook include cash projections that may not be realized and the demand for funds could exceed available cash if our ongoing businesses experience unexpected shortfalls in earnings or we experience material adverse effects from one or more risks or uncertainties described more fully in the "risk factors" section of this form 10-k. though we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity, significant disruption or volatility in the capital and credit markets could affect our ability to access those markets for additional borrowings or increase costs.
•insurance liabilities
◦insurance liabilities inclusive of the businesses held for sale are $21.5 billion, which include contractholder deposit funds, future policy benefits and unpaid claims and claim expenses.
◦of the total obligation amount, $4.3 billion of insurance liabilities are associated with the sold retirement benefits, individual life insurance and annuity businesses, as well as the group life and personal accident businesses as their related net cash flows are not expected to impact our cash flows.
◦the $22.3 billion of total obligations exceeds the corresponding insurance and contractholder liabilities of $17.3 billion recorded on the balance sheet. this is because some of the recorded insurance liabilities reflect discounting for interest and the recorded contractholder liabilities exclude future interest crediting, charges and fees. the timing and amount of actual future cash flows may differ from the projected amount disclosed.
◦we expect $5.2 billion of insurance liabilities to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2022.
◦see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding insurance liabilities.
◦total scheduled payments on long-term debt are $48.2 billion, which include scheduled interest payments and maturities of long-term debt.
◦we expect $1.7 billion of long-term debt payments, which include scheduled interest payments and current maturities of long-term debt to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2022.
◦see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding principal maturities of long-term debt.
•other noncurrent liabilities
◦these include approximately $704 million of estimated payments for guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") contracts (without considering any related reinsurance arrangements), other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations, pension, supplemental and deferred compensation plans, interest rate and foreign currency swap contracts and reinsurance liabilities.
◦we expect $121 million of other noncurrent liabilities to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2022.
◦we expect $152 million of operating lease payments to be due within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2022.
◦see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•uncertain tax positions
◦in the event we are unable to sustain all of our $1.2 billion of uncertain tax positions, it could result in future tax payments of approximately $900 million. we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of such future payments.
◦see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on uncertain tax positions.
◦these include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancellable without penalty and those that do not contractually require minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
▪$3.4 billion of investment commitments, primarily comprised of other-long-term investments and equity securities.
▪$932 million of future service commitments, primarily comprised of contracts for certain outsourced businesses process and information technology maintenance and support.
◦we expect $2.0 billion of purchase obligations to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2022, of which $1.6 billion relates to investment commitments and $368 million relates to future service commitments.
◦see note 11 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information on investment commitments.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
•it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and
•changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed how critical accounting estimates are developed and selected with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented in this form 10-k. we regularly evaluate items that may impact critical accounting estimates.
in addition to the estimates presented in the following tables, the notes to the consolidated financial statements describe other estimates that management has made in preparation of the financial statements. management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience significantly differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and in certain situations, could have a material adverse effect on liquidity and our financial condition. the tables below present the adverse impacts of certain possible changes in assumptions. the effect of assumption changes in the opposite direction would be a positive impact to our consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, except for assessing impairment of goodwill.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        we completed our normal annual evaluations for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during the third quarter of 2021. the evaluations indicated that the fair value estimates of our reporting units exceed their carrying values by significant margins. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions, including macroeconomic factors, government legislation, changes in the competitive landscape or other market conditions could impact our ability to achieve profitability projections. if we consistently do not achieve our earnings and cash flow projections or our cost of capital rises significantly, the assumptions and estimates underlying the goodwill and intangible asset impairment evaluations could be adversely affected and result in future impairment charges that would negatively impact our operating results and financial position. specific to the u.s. government reporting unit, in 2021 we experienced elevated medical claims and lower risk adjustment revenues primarily due to the covid-19 pandemic. if these factors were to worsen or continue beyond our current expectations, profitability could be further impacted and significantly reduce the fair value of this reporting unit.
goodwill represents the excess of the cost of businesses acquired over the fair value of their net assets at the acquisition date. intangible assets primarily reflect the value of customer relationships and other intangibles acquired in business combinations.
fair values of reporting units are estimated based on discounted cash flow analysis and market approach models using assumptions that we believe a hypothetical market participant would use to determine a current transaction price. the significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value primarily include the discount rate and future cash flows. a discount rate is selected to correspond with each reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, consistent with that used for investment decisions considering the specific and detailed operating plans and strategies within each reporting unit. projections of future cash flows differ by reporting unit and are consistent with our ongoing strategy and projection processes. future cash flows for evernorth are primarily driven by the forecasted gross margins of the business, as well as operating expenses and long-term growth rates. future cash flows for our other reporting units are primarily driven by forecasted revenues, benefit expenses, operating expenses and long-term growth rates.
the fair value of intangibles and the amortization method were determined using an income approach that relies on projected future cash flows including key assumptions for customer attrition and discount rates. management revises amortization periods if it believes there has been a change in the length of time that an intangible asset will continue to have value.
our u.s. government reporting unit contracts with cms to provide managed health care services, including medicare advantage and medicare-approved prescription drug plans. estimated future cash flows for this reporting unit's medicare advantage business incorporate the current reimbursement structure for 2022 and beyond. revenues from the medicare programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government through cms. funding levels for these programs are dependent on many factors including changes to the risk adjustment payment methodology, government efforts to contain health care costs, budgetary constraints and general political issues and priorities.
the company conducts its quantitative evaluation for goodwill impairment at least annually during the third quarter at the reporting unit level and performs qualitative impairment assessments on a quarterly basis to determine if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value.
see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate income taxes - uncertain tax positions we evaluate tax positions to determine whether the benefits are more likely than not to be sustained on audit based on their technical merits. the company establishes a liability if the probability that the position will be sustained is 50% or less. for uncertain positions that management believes are more likely than not to be sustained, the company recognizes a liability based upon management's estimate of the most likely settlement outcome with the taxing authority. these amounts primarily relate to federal and state uncertain positions of the value and timing of deductions and uncertain positions of attributing taxable income to states       the factors that could impact our estimates of uncertain tax positions include the likelihood of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position and related assumed interest and penalties. if our positions are upheld upon audit, our net income would increase.
balances that are included in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows (in millions): ·2021 - $1,230 ·2020 - $1,210 see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion around uncertain tax positions and the liquidity and capital resources section of this md&amp;a for a discussion of their potential impact on liquidity.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate unpaid claims and claim expenses - cigna healthcare unpaid claims and claim expenses include both reported claims and estimates for losses incurred but not yet reported. unpaid claims and claim expenses in cigna healthcare are primarily impacted by assumptions related to completion factors and medical cost trend. variation of actual results from either assumption could impact the unpaid claims balance as noted below. a large number of factors may cause the medical cost trend to vary from the company's estimates, including: changes in health management practices, changes in the level and mix of benefits offered and services utilized and changes in medical practices. completion factors may be affected if actual claims submission rates from providers differ from estimates (that can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions), or if changes to the company's internal claims processing patterns occur. unpaid claims and claim expenses for the cigna healthcare segment as of december 31 were as follows (in millions): ·2021 - gross $4,261; net $4,000·2020 - gross $3,695; net $3,458 these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoverables. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.         based on studies of our claim experience, it is reasonably possible that a 100 basis point change in the medical cost trend and a 50 basis point change in completion factors could occur in the near term. a 100 basis point increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase this liability by approximately $60 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $50 million after-tax, and a 50 basis point decrease in completion factors would increase this liability by approximately $125 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $100 million after-tax.
balance sheet caption /nature of critical accounting estimate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if different assumptions used valuation of debt security investments most debt securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity. fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. determining fair value for a financial instrument requires management judgment. the degree of judgment involved generally correlates to the level of pricing readily observable in the markets. financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets or with market observable inputs to determine fair value, such as public securities, generally require less judgment. conversely, private placements including more complex securities that are traded infrequently are typically measured using pricing models that require more judgment as to the inputs and assumptions used to estimate fair value. there may be a number of alternative inputs to select based on an understanding of the issuer, the structure of the security and overall market conditions. in addition, these factors are inherently variable in nature as they change frequently in response to market conditions. approximately two-thirds of our debt securities are public securities and one-third are private placement securities. typically, the most significant input in the measurement of fair value is the market interest rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. such market rates are derived by calculating the appropriate spreads over comparable u.s. treasury securities, based on the credit quality, industry and structure of the asset. see notes 11a. and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value measurements, the procedures performed by management to determine that the amounts represent appropriate estimates and our accounting policy regarding unrealized appreciation on debt securities.       if the derived interest rates used to calculate fair value increased by 100 basis points, the fair value of the total debt security portfolio of $17 billion would decrease by approximately $1.3 billion, resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $0.7 billion as of december 31, 2021.
cigna entered into a definitive agreement in october 2021 to sell its life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in seven countries to chubb for $5.75 billion cash. in connection with the pending chubb transaction, we revised our business reporting structure. as such, we adjusted our segment reporting effective in the fourth quarter of 2021 so that the results previously reported in the international markets segment are now reported as follows:
•the businesses to be retained by cigna are now reported in the newly created international health operating segment that will be aggregated with our existing u.s. commercial and u.s. government operating segments in the renamed cigna healthcare reporting segment (previously named u.s. medical).
in segment discussions, we present "adjusted revenues" and "pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations," defined as income (loss) before income taxes excluding net realized investment results, amortization of acquired intangible assets, results of transitioning clients prior to 2020 and special items. cigna's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. ratios presented in this segment discussion exclude the same items as adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these metrics and a reconciliation of income before income taxes to pre-tax adjusted income from operations, as well as a reconciliation of total revenues to adjusted revenues. note 23 to the consolidated financial statements also explains that segment revenues include both external revenues and sales between segments that are eliminated in corporate.
evernorth segment evernorth includes a broad range of coordinated and point solution health services and capabilities, as well as those from partners across the healthcare system, in pharmacy solutions, benefits management solutions, care delivery and care management solutions and intelligence solutions. as described in the introduction to segment reporting, evernorth's performance is measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
the key factors that impact evernorth's pharmacy revenues and pharmacy and other service costs are volume, mix of claims and price. these key factors are discussed further below. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k for additional information on revenue and cost recognition policies for this segment.
•as our clients' claim volumes increase or decrease, our resulting revenues and cost of revenues correspondingly increase or decrease. our gross profit could also increase or decrease as a result of changes in purchasing discounts.
•the mix of claims generally considers the type of drug and distribution method used for dispensing and fulfilling. types of drugs can have an impact on our pharmacy revenues, pharmacy and other service costs and gross profit, including amounts payable under certain financial and performance guarantees with our clients. in addition to the types of drugs, the mix of generic claims (i.e., generic fill rate) also impacts our gross profit. generally, higher generic fill rates reduce revenues, as generic drugs are typically priced lower than the branded drugs they replace. however, as ingredient cost paid to pharmacies on generic drugs is incrementally lower than the price charged to our clients, higher generic fill rates generally have a favorable impact on our gross profit. the home delivery generic fill rate is currently lower than the network generic fill rate as fewer generic substitutions are available among maintenance medications (such as therapies for chronic conditions) commonly dispensed from home delivery pharmacies as compared to acute medications that are primarily dispensed by pharmacies in our retail networks. furthermore, our gross profit differs among network, home delivery and specialty distribution methods and can impact our profitability.
•our client contract pricing is impacted by our ongoing ability to negotiate favorable contracts for pharmacy network, pharmaceutical and wholesaler purchasing and manufacturer rebates. as we seek to improve the effectiveness of our integrated solutions for the benefit of our clients, we are continuously innovating and improving affordability. our gross profit could also increase or decrease as a result of drug purchasing contract initiatives implemented. inflation also impacts our pricing because most of our contracts provide that we bill clients and pay pharmacies based on a generally recognized price index for pharmaceuticals. therefore, the rate of inflation for prescription drugs and our efforts to manage this inflation for our clients continues to be a significant driver of our revenues and cost of revenues in the current environment.
in this md&a, we present revenues and gross profit, as well as adjusted revenues and adjusted gross profit, consistent with our segment reporting metrics, which exclude special items and, for periods prior to 2020, contributions from transitioning clients. as of december 31, 2019, the transition of these clients was substantially complete; therefore, beginning in 2020, we no longer exclude results of transitioning clients from our adjusted metrics. additionally, for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded an adjustment related to a former client contract that was excluded from our adjusted metrics. see the "key transactions and business developments" section of this form 10-k md&a for further discussion of transitioning clients and why we present this information.
less: transitioning clients                                                                      -                                 -                    (13,347)                           -                         n/m                    13,347                           n/m less: contractual adjustment for a former client                                                 -                             (204)                           -       204                                           n/m                     (204)                           n/m adjusted revenues (1)                                                                     $131,912                          $116,130                     $96,447                     $15,782                      14               %       $19,683                        20               %
gross profit                                                                                $8,408                            $7,797                      $8,908                        $611                       8               %      $(1,111)                      (12)               %
adjusted gross profit (1)                                                                   $8,408                            $7,593                      $6,984                        $815                      11               %          $609                         9               %
(1)amounts exclude special items and for periods prior to 2020, contributions from transition clients for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(2)adjusted expense ratio is calculated as selling, general and administrative expense excluding contributions from transition clients for the year ended december 31, 2019 as a percentage of adjusted revenues.
adjusted network revenues increased, reflecting increased prices, due to inflation on branded drugs and higher claims volume, primarily due to our collaboration with prime therapeutics. these increases were partially offset by claims mix due to an increase in the generic fill rate after excluding the impact of covid-19 vaccines.
adjusted home delivery and specialty revenues increased, reflecting higher specialty claims volume due in part to our collaboration with prime therapeutics, as well as increased prices, primarily due to inflation on branded drugs. these increases were partially offset by slightly lower home delivery claims volume.
adjusted fees and other revenues increased, reflecting customer growth from our services supporting benefits management solutions, including customer growth from certain fee based contractual arrangements and the acquisition of mdlive.
adjusted gross profit and pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting continued contract affordability improvements and business growth. pre-tax adjusted income from operations increase was partially offset by strategic investments in expanding partnerships, new businesses and solutions, and digital technology.
the expense ratio was flat reflecting higher revenues as well as increased strategic investments in expanding partnerships, new businesses and solutions, and digital technology in the year ended december 31, 2021 offset by increased operating expenses due to client transitions in the year ended december 31, 2020.
in the first quarter of 2020, u.s. government operating segment customers transitioned to express scripts' retail pharmacy network. in the third quarter of 2019, u.s. commercial operating segment customers transitioned to express scripts' retail pharmacy network.
adjusted network revenues increased, reflecting the transition of cigna healthcare's customers, higher claims volume due to our collaboration with prime therapeutics and increased prices due to inflation on branded drugs. these favorable effects were partially offset by claims mix due to the increase in the generic fill rate.
adjusted gross profit and pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased, reflecting customer growth, higher adjusted pharmacy scripts volumes, continued contract affordability improvements and the favorable impact of claims mix as a result of the types of drugs dispensed, the distribution method used for dispensing and fulfilling and an increase in the generic fill rate. pre-tax adjusted income from operations increase was partially offset by an increase in operating expenses due to client transitions.
the expense ratio was lower, reflecting higher revenues and increased operating expenses due to client transitions.
cigna healthcare segment cigna healthcare includes cigna's u.s. commercial, u.s. government and international health businesses, which provide comprehensive medical and coordinated solutions to clients and customers to support whole-person health needs. u.s. commercial products and services include medical, pharmacy, behavioral health, dental, vision, health advocacy programs and other products and services for insured and self-insured customers. u.s. government solutions include medicare advantage, medicare supplement and medicare part d plans for seniors and individual health insurance plans both on and off the public exchanges. international health solutions include health care coverage in our international markets, as well as health care benefits for globally mobile individuals and employees of multinational organization. the cigna healthcare segment is comprised of the previously named u.s. medical segment and the businesses to be retained from the previous international markets segment. the addition of international health to the cigna healthcare segment did not have a material impact on the business drivers which contributed to changes in results of operations when comparing 2020 to 2019. as described in the introduction to segment reporting, performance of the cigna healthcare segment is measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income from operations. key factors affecting results for this segment include:
•percentage of medicare advantage customers in plans eligible for quality bonus payments;
the expense ratio decreased, reflecting increased revenues, the repeal of the health insurance industry tax, favorable litigation developments and efficiencies from continued disciplined expense management.
medical customers a medical customer is defined as a person meeting any one of the following criteria:
our medical customer base increased at december 31, 2021 compared with december 31, 2020 reflecting a higher customer base in our middle market, select and international health segments as well as our individual business and medicare advantage plans; partially offset by a lower customer base in our national segment.
our medical customer base decreased at december 31, 2020 compared with december 31, 2019, reflecting a lower customer base in our middle market and national accounts segments and increased disenrollment resulting from the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic; partially offset by growth in our select segment, medicare advantage plans and international health.
our unpaid claims and claim expenses liability was higher as of december 31, 2021 compared with december 31, 2020, primarily due to medicare advantage and individual customer growth and increased claim volumes.
our unpaid claims and claim expenses liability was higher as of december 21, 2020 compared with december 31, 2019, primarily due to medicare advantage and u.s. commercial insured customer growth.
other operations for 2021, 2020 and 2019, other operations includes international businesses to be sold, corporate owned life insurance ("coli") and the company's run-off operations. prior to the sale of the group disability and life business on december 31, 2020, other operations also included cigna's group disability and life business which offered group long-term and short-term disability and group life, accident, voluntary and specialty insurance products and services. other operations was previously named group
disability and other. as described in the introduction of segment reporting, performance of other operations is measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
adjusted revenues decreased due to the sale of the group disability and life business on december 31, 2020. because the sold business constituted a significant portion of other operations, adjusted revenues substantially declined in 2021 compared to 2020.
pre-tax adjusted income from operations also declined due to the sale of the group disability and life insurance business. that decrease was partially offset by an increase in earnings from the international businesses held for sale.
adjusted revenues increased, reflecting business growth in the international businesses held for sale and the sold group disability and life business. partially offsetting those favorable effects were lower net investment income in the sold group disability and life business and unfavorable foreign currency movements in the international businesses held for sale.
pre-tax adjusted income from operations decreased due to lower earnings in the sold group disability and life business reflecting unfavorable life claims experience related to the covid-19 pandemic, unfavorable disability claim experience and lower investment income, partially offset by favorable results in the voluntary products. those unfavorable effects were partially offset by improved earnings in the international businesses held for sale reflecting improved margin and business growth.
other items related to international businesses subject to definitive purchase agreement for the year ended, december 31, 2021, 86% of the segment's adjusted revenues and 89% of the segment's pre-tax adjusted income from operations was associated with international businesses held for sale.
corporate corporate reflects amounts not allocated to operating segments, including net interest expense (defined as interest on corporate debt less net investment income on investments not supporting segment and other operations), certain litigation matters, expense associated with our frozen pension plans, charitable contributions, severance, certain overhead and enterprise-wide project costs and intersegment eliminations for products and services sold between segments.
investment assets the following table presents our investment asset portfolio excluding separate account assets as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020. additional information regarding our investment assets is included in notes 11, 12, 13 and 14 to the consolidated
financial statements. for comparisons of investment assets portfolio excluding separate account assets as of december 31, 2020 compared with december 31, 2019, please refer to the previously filed md&a included in part ii, item 7 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
debt securities                                                                      $16,958                         $18,131
equity securities                                                                        603                             501
(1) investments related to the international life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses that are held for sale. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
debt securities investments in debt securities include publicly-traded and privately-placed bonds, mortgage and other asset-backed securities and preferred stocks redeemable by the investor. these investments are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value on our balance sheet. additional information regarding valuation methodologies, key inputs and controls is included in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. more detailed information about debt securities by type of issuer and maturity dates is included in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table reflects our portfolio of debt securities by type of issuer as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020:
our debt securities portfolio decreased during 2021, reflecting a decrease in valuations due to increasing yields and net sale activity.
as of december 31, 2021, $14.7 billion, or 87% of the debt securities in our investment portfolio were investment grade (baa and above, or equivalent) and the remaining $2.3 billion were below investment grade. the majority of the bonds that are below investment grade are rated at the higher end of the non-investment grade spectrum. these quality characteristics have not materially changed since the prior year and remain consistent with our investment strategy.
debt securities include private placement assets of $5.8 billion. these investments are generally less marketable than publicly-traded bonds; however, yields on these investments tend to be higher than yields on publicly-traded bonds with comparable credit risk. we perform a credit analysis of each issuer and require financial and other covenants that allow us to monitor issuers for deteriorating financial strength and pursue remedial actions, if warranted.
investments in debt securities are diversified by issuer, geography and industry. on an aggregate basis, the debt securities portfolio continues to perform according to original investment expectations. however, due to the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, there are certain issuers, particularly within the aviation, energy and hospitality sectors, that have shown signs of distress, primarily in the form of requests for temporary covenant relief. there were no material unrealized losses in any of these sectors as of the reporting date. we continue to monitor the economic environment and its effect on our portfolio and consider the impact of various factors in determining the allowance for credit losses on debt securities, which is discussed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
foreign government obligations are concentrated in asia, primarily south korea and taiwan, consistent with our risk management practice and local regulatory requirements of our international business operations. we expect the amount of these foreign government obligations to decrease significantly during 2022 upon the close of our sale of certain international businesses as discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial mortgage loans as of december 31, 2021, the $1.6 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio consisted of approximately 50 loans that are in good standing. our commercial mortgage loans are fixed rate loans, diversified by property type, location and borrower. given the quality and diversity of the underlying real estate, positive debt service coverage and significant borrower cash invested in the property generally ranging between 30 and 40%, we remain confident that the vast majority of borrowers will continue to perform as expected under their contract terms. for further discussion of the results and changes in key loan metrics, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
loans are secured by high quality commercial properties, located in strong institutional markets and are generally made at less than 65% of the property's value at origination of the loan. property value, debt service coverage, quality, building tenancy and stability of cash flows are all important financial underwriting considerations. we hold no direct residential mortgage loans and do not originate or service securitized mortgage loans.
our annual in-depth review of our commercial mortgage loan investments is the primary mechanism for monitoring the overall quality rating of the mortgage portfolio. we completed the annual in-depth review in the second quarter of 2021 which included an analysis of each underlying property's most recent annual financial statements, rent rolls and operating plans, as well as a physical inspection of the property and a review of applicable market reports. the results of this annual review confirmed that the overall credit quality of our portfolio remains strong and was generally in line with the previous year's results.
covid-19 has negatively impacted commercial real estate fundamentals and capital market activity with concentrated weakness in hotels and regional malls. our mortgage loan portfolio is well diversified by property type and geography with no material exposure to hotels and no exposure to regional shopping malls. we continue to monitor the long-term impacts surrounding the office sector fundamentals due to multiple headwinds that may impact future valuations: expanded work from home flexibility, shorter term leases, elevated tenant improvement allowances and corporate migration to lower cost states. our mortgage loans secured by office properties are in good standing.
other long-term investments other long-term investments of $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2021 included investments in securities limited partnerships and real estate limited partnerships, direct investments in real estate joint ventures and other deposit activity that is required to support various insurance and health services businesses. the increase in other long-term investments of $0.7 billion since december 31, 2020 is primarily driven by net additional funding activity and value creation in the underlying investments. these limited partnership entities typically invest in mezzanine debt or equity of privately-held companies and equity real estate. given our subordinate position in the capital structure of these underlying entities, we assume a higher level of risk for higher expected returns. to mitigate risk, these investments are diversified across approximately 210 separate partnerships and approximately 110 general partners who manage one or more of these partnerships. also, the underlying investments are diversified by industry sector or property type and geographic region. no single partnership investment exceeded 4% of our securities and real estate limited partnership portfolio.
income from our limited partnership investments is generally reported on a one quarter lag due to the timing of when financial information is received from the general partner or manager of the investments. our net investment income increased significantly versus 2020 driven by the strong performance of assets underlying our limited partnership investments. the broad recovery since the beginning of the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in strong corporate earnings and higher public and private asset valuations. we expect continued volatility in private equity and real estate fund performance going forward as fair market valuations are adjusted to reflect market and portfolio transactions.
we participate in an insurance joint venture in china with a 50% ownership interest. we account for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting and report our share of the net assets of $1.0 billion in other assets. our 50% share of the investment portfolio supporting the joint venture's liabilities is approximately $8.4 billion as of december 31, 2021. these investments were comprised of approximately 75% debt securities, including government and corporate debt diversified by issuer, industry and geography; 15% equities, including mutual funds, equity securities and private equity partnerships; and 10% long-term deposits and policy loans. approximately 1% of the joint venture's investment assets are exposed to private real estate property developers in the china market. we participate in the approval of the joint venture's investment strategy and continuously review its execution. there were no investments with a material unrealized loss as of december 31, 2021.
investment outlook we continue to actively monitor the economic impact of the pandemic, including supply chain, labor market and inflation dynamics, as well as fiscal and monetary responses and their potential impact on the portfolio. future realized and unrealized investment results will be driven largely by market conditions that exist when a transaction occurs or at the reporting date. these future conditions are not reasonably predictable; however, we believe that the vast majority of our investments will continue to perform under their contractual terms. based on our strategy to match the duration of invested assets to the duration of insurance and contractholder liabilities, we expect to hold a significant portion of these assets for the long-term. although future declines in investment fair values resulting from interest rate movements and credit deterioration due to both investment-specific and the global economic uncertainties discussed above remain possible, we do not expect these losses to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
market risk financial instruments our assets and liabilities include financial instruments subject to the risk of potential losses from adverse changes in market rates and prices. consistent with disclosure requirements, the following items have been excluded from this consideration of market risk for financial instruments:
•changes in the fair values of insurance-related assets and liabilities because their primary risks are insurance rather than market risk;
•changes in the fair values of investments recorded using the equity method of accounting and liabilities for pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans (and related assets); and
•changes in the fair values of other significant assets and liabilities, such as goodwill, deferred policy acquisition costs, taxes and various accrued liabilities. because they are not financial instruments, their primary risks are other than market risk.
excluding these items, our primary market risk exposures from financial instruments are:
•investment/liability matching. we generally select investment assets with characteristics (such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity) that correspond to the underlying characteristics of our related insurance and contractholder liabilities so that we can match the investments to our obligations. shorter-term investments generally support shorter-term life and health liabilities. medium-term, fixed-rate investments support interest-sensitive and health liabilities. longer-term investments generally support products with longer payout periods such as annuities.
•use of local currencies for foreign operations. we generally conduct our international business through foreign operating entities that maintain assets and liabilities in local currencies. this technique limits exchange rate risk to our net assets.
•use of derivatives. we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our primary market risks. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments.
effect of market fluctuations assuming a 100 basis point increase in interest rates and 10% strengthening in the u.s. dollar to foreign currencies, the effect of hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair value of certain financial instruments, subject to the exclusions noted above (particularly insurance liabilities), would have been as follows as of december 31:
the effect of a hypothetical increase in interest rates, primarily on debt securities and commercial mortgage loans, was determined by estimating the present value of future cash flows using various models, primarily duration modeling.
in the event of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the fair value of the company's long-term debt would decrease approximately $2.9 billion at december 31, 2021 and $3.0 billion at december 31, 2020. changes in the fair value of our long-term debt do not impact our financial position or operating results. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the company's debt.
the effect of a hypothetical strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the foreign currencies of certain financial instruments held by us was estimated to be 10% of the fair value of these instruments, translated to the u.s. dollar. our foreign operations hold investment assets, such as debt securities, cash and cash equivalents that are generally invested in the currency of the related liabilities.