risk factors
2021 10-k our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cyberattacks.
our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third
-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information.
among other activities, we rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information and communicate with employees and third-parties.
as a result, we face various cybersecurity threats such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees, attempts to render our data or systems
(or those of third-parties with whom we do business, including third-party cloud and it service providers) corrupted or unusable, threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure as well as those of third-parties with whom we do business, including third-party cloud and it service providers, and attempted cyber terrorism.
in addition, computers control oil and gas production, processing equipment and distribution systems globally and are necessary to deliver our production to market.
a disruption, failure, or a cyberattack of these operating systems, or of the networks ,
software and infrastructure on which they rely, many of which are not owned or operated by us, could damage critical production, distribution or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets, make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions, or negatively impact public health or safety, economic security, or national security.
although we have experienced occasional cybersecurity incidents, none have had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation.
as cyberattacks have continued to evolve, we have become subject to new government-imposed security requirements to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware attacks and other known threats to information and operations technology.
in response, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected.
our implementation of reasonable security procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities and infrastructure may result in increased costs.
despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be completely effective.
if our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention.
in addition, we have exposure to cybersecurity incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to our data and proprietary information housed on third-party it systems, including the cloud.
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, and any of the foregoing can be exacerbated by a delay or failure to detect a cybersecurity incident or the full extent of such incident notwithstanding reasonable security procedures and controls.
the prevalence of remote working during the pandemic has introduced additional cybersecurity risk.
although we have business continuity plans in place, our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our business.
while we continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans, there can be no assurance that they will be completely effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts.
further, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may increase for us in the future.
item 1b. unresolved staff comments none.
item 3.
legal proceedings we are a defendant in a number of legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including those involving governmental authorities under federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment.
while it is not possible to accurately predict the final outcome of these pending proceedings, if any one or more of such proceedings were to be decided adversely to conocophillips, we expect there would be no material effect on our consolidated financial position.
for a description of such legal and administrative proceedings.
item 4.
information about our executive officers name position held age*
executive vice president and chief financial officer
dominic e. macklon executive vice president, strategy, sustainability and technology
heather g. sirdashney vice president, human resources and real estate and facilities services
there are no family relationships among any of the officers named above.
each officer of the company is elected by the board of directors at its first meeting after the annual meeting of stockholders and thereafter as appropriate.
set forth below is information about the executive officers.
was appointed executive vice president and chief financial officer as of september 2020, having previously served as president, asia pacific & middle east since april 2015.
& development since may 2012.
2021 10-k kontessa s. haynes-welsh was appointed chief accounting officer in march 2021, having previously served as assistant controller since january 2020.
prior to that, she was manager, strategy, planning and portfolio management from june 2018 to december 2019.
she became manager, finance & performance analysis in september 2016 and served in that role until may 2018.
ms. haynes-welsh previously held the position of director, lower 48 strategy & portfolio management from february 2016 to september 2016.
leach served as chairman and chief executive officer of concho resources inc., from its formation in february 2006, until its acquisition by conocophillips in january 2021.
prior to that, he served as managing partner of bluewater strategies llc, since 2002.
dominic e. macklon was appointed executive vice president, strategy, sustainability and tec hnology in september
2021, having previously served as senior vice president, strategy, exploration and technology since august 2020.
& development from january 2017 to june 2018, and president, u.k. from september
& development from june 2018 to august
2020, vice president, mid-continent business unit, lower 48 from september 2016 to june 2018, and vice president, north slope operations and development in alaska from august
prior to that, she was a senior partner in the houston office of an international law firm, baker botts l.l.p., where she counseled clients on corporate and securities matters.
she began her career at the firm in 1991.
heather g. sirdashney was appointed vice president, human resources and real estate and facilities services in march 2021, having previously served as vice president, human resources from january 2019.
prior to that, she served in other leadership roles including human resources general manager, human resources business partner manager, lower 48, and director of human resources shared services.
part ii item 5.
market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities conocophillips' common stock is traded on the new york stock exchange, under the symbol "cop."
*in determining the number of stockholders, we consider clearing agencies and security position listings as one stockholder for each agency listing.
in december 2021, we announced the addition of a vroc tier to our return of capital program.
for more information on factors considered when determining the level of these distributions see "item 1a-risk factors - our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations."
issuer purchases of equity securities millions of dollars approximate dollar shares purchased value of shares average as part of publicly that may yet be total number of price paid announced plans purchased under the period shares purchased
* there were no repurchases of common stock from company employees in connection with the company's broad-based employee incentive plans.
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program, which has a current total program authorization of $25 billion of our common stock.
repurchases are made at management's discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
except as limited by applicable legal requirements, repurchases may be increased, decreased or discontinued at any time without prior notice.
for more information see "item 1a-risk factors - our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations."
2021 10-k stock performance graph the following graph shows the cumulative tsr for conocophillips' common stock in each of the five years from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2021.
the graph also compares the cumulative total returns for the same five-year period with the s&p 500 index and our performance peer group consisting of chevron, exxonmobil, apache, marathon oil corporation, devon, occidental, hess, and eog weighted according to the respective peer's stock market capitalization at the beginning of each annual period.
the stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
management's discussion and analysis conocophillips
item 7.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis is the company's analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance.
it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report.
it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
"effort,"
"forecast,"
"would," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws.
readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company's disclosures under the heading:
"cautionary statement for the purposes of the 'safe harbor' provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995,"
the terms "earnings" and "loss" as used in management's discussion and analysis refer to net income (loss)
business environment and executive overview conocophillips is one of the world's leading e&p companies based on both production and reserves with operations and activities in 14 countries.
our diverse, low cost of supply portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in north america; conventional assets in north america, europe and asia; lng developments; oil sands assets in canada; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects.
9,900 people worldwide and had total assets of $91 billion.
completed acquisitions on january 15, 2021, we completed our acquisition of concho resources inc. (concho), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations across new mexico and west texas in an all-stock transaction for $13.1 billion.
in december 2021, we completed our acquisition of shell enterprises llc's (shell) assets in the delaware basin in an all-cash transaction for $8.7 billion after customary adjustments.
assets acquired include approximately
see item 1a "risk factors" for further discussion of the risks related to integration of the assets acquired.
overview after an unprecedented 2020, the energy landscape improved throughout
2021 with prices reaching pre-pandemic levels in the second half of the year;
our view is that a successful business strategy in the e&p industry must be resilient in lower price environments while also retaining upside during periods of higher prices.
as such, we are unhedged, remain highly disciplined in our investment decisions and continually monitor market fundamentals, including opec plus updates regarding supply guidance and inventory levels.
2021, the global economic recovery remains uncertain and subject to various risk factors, including actions taken to stem the proliferation of covid-
management's discussion and analysis
2021 10-k as the macro energy environment continues to evolve, we are embracing what we believe sector leadership requires through what we call our triple mandate.
we believe that conocophillips will play an essential role in meeting energy transition pathway demand delivering superior and consistent returns on and of capital through the price cycles, and achieving our net zero ambition on operational emissions, while retaining the flexibility to successfully adapt as the future unfolds.
our triple mandate is supported by financial principles and capital allocation priorities that should allow us to deliver superior returns through the cycles.
our financial principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and delivering esg excellence, all of which are in service to delivering competitive financial returns.
our 2021 acquisitions of concho and the shell permian assets further reinforce our differential value proposition.
in 2021, we successfully delivered on our priorities.
1,567 mboed yielding cash provided by operating activities of $17 billion.
$5.3 billion into the business in the form of capital expenditures and provided returns of capital to shareholders of approximately
for 2021, our ordinary dividend returned $2.4 billion which included an increase from 43 cents per share to 46 cents per share, effective in december.
we also demonstrated our commitment to preserving our top-tier balance sheet with an announcement to reduce the company's gross debt by $5 billion over five years through a combination of natural and accelerated maturities.
as part of our ongoing portfolio high-grading and optimization efforts, in december 2021, we announced two transactions in our asia pacific segment enhancing our diverse portfolio.
this included notifying origin energy of our intent to exercise our preemption right to purchase an additional 10 percent shareholding interest in aplng for $1.645 billion, before customary adjustments, and the sale of our interests in indonesia for approximately $1.4
billion before customary adjustments.
in addition to those transactions, in january 2022, we entered into a divestiture agreement to sell our interest in noncore assets within our lower 48 segment for $440 million.
these transactions are expected to close in the first half of 2022.
for more information on aplng, see note 4
and for more information on pending dispositions, see note 3
we announced an increase in our disposition target to $4 to $5 billion in proceeds by year-end 2023, with approximately $2 billion sourced from the permian basin.
$0.3 billion in disposition proceeds.
the proceeds from these transactions will be used in accordance with the company's priorities, including returns of capital to shareholders and reduction of gross debt.
in december 2021, we announced the initiation of a three-tier return of capital framework.
this framework is structured to continue delivering a compelling, growing ordinary dividend and through
it includes the addition of a vroc tier.
the vroc tier will provide a flexible tool for meeting our commitment of returning greater than 30 percent of cash from operating activities during periods where commodity prices are meaningfully higher than our planning price range.
2022 total return of capital from all three tiers at approximately
for more information on our three-tier return of capital framework, see capital resources and liquidity
management's discussion and analysis conocophillips
in 2021, we reaffirmed and improved upon our commitment to esg leadership and excellence and the specific targets we set in october 2020
when we became the first u.s.-based oil and gas company to adopt a paris-aligned climate-risk strategy.
our commitment includes:
net-zero ambition for operational (scope 1 and 2) emissions by 2050 with active advocacy for a price on carbon to address end-use (scope 3) emissions;
targeting a reduction in gross operated and net equity operational ghg emissions intensity by 40 to 50
zero routine flaring by 2030, with an ambition to get there by 2025;
10 percent reduction target for methane emissions intensity by 2025 from a 2019 baseline, in addition to the 65 percent reduction we have made since 2015;
adding continuous methane detection devices to our operations, with an initial focus on the larger lower
48 facilities;
dedicated low carbon technology organization responsible for identifying and prioritizing global emissions reduction initiatives and opportunities associated with the energy transition, ccus and hydrogen; and
esg performance factoring into executive and employee compensation programs.
to support this commitment, in december 2021, we announced that approximately $0.2 billion of our 2022
company-wide capital expenditures would be dedicated to energy transition efforts across the company's global operations aimed at accelerating the reduction of the company's scope 1 and 2 emissions and to pursue business opportunities that address end-use emissions and early-stage low-carbon technology opportunities that leverage the company's adjacencies.
operationally, we remain focused on safely executing the business.
production excluding libya for 2021 was 1,527 mboed.
after adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, impacts from 2020 curtailments,
this increase was primarily due to new production from the lower 48 and other development programs across the portfolio, partially offset by normal field decline.
management's discussion and analysis
2021 10-k key operating and financial summary significant items during 2021 and recent announcements included the following:
announced an increase to expected 2022 return of capital to shareholders to a total of $8 billion, with the incremental $1 billion to be distributed through share repurchases and vroc tiers;
acquired shell's permian assets on december 1, 2021;
exercised preemption right to purchase an additional 10 percent shareholding interest in aplng, expected to close in the first quarter of 2022;
generated $0.3 billion in disposition proceeds from noncore sales and entered into agreements to sell an additional $1.8 billion in assets, subject to customary closing adjustments;
delivered strong operational performance across the company's asset base, resulting in full-year production of 1,527 mboed, excluding libya;
net cash provided by operating activities was $17 billion, exceeding capital expenditures and investments of $5.3 billion;
distributed $6.0 billion to shareholders through $2.4 billion in dividends and $3.6 billion of share repurchases, representing over 30 percent return of cash provided by operating activities to shareholders;
ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $5.0 billion and short-term investments of $0.4 billion, totaling over $5.4 billion in ending cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
initiated a paced monetization of the company's cve investment, generating $1.1
billion in proceeds through the sale of 117 million shares, with the funds applied to share repurchases; 91 million cve shares remained outstanding at year
advanced the company's net-zero ambition by announcing an increase in scope 1 and 2 ghg emissions-
intensity reduction targets to 40 to 50 percent from a 2016 baseline on a net equity and gross operated basis by 2030, from the previous target of 35 to 45 percent on only a gross operated basis.
business environment brent crude oil prices averaged
$71 per barrel in 2021, compared with $42 per barrel in
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions and such volatility may persist in the future.
commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business.
our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial principles that underpin our value proposition; balance sheet strength, peer leading distributions, disciplined investments and esg excellence, all of which support strong financial returns.
a strong balance sheet is a strategic asset that provides flexibility through price cycles.
-rating, and we have committed to reducing gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years.
this will reduce interest expense and provide resilience in periods of volatility.
we ended the year with over
$5 billion in cash, maintaining balance sheet strength even after completing the all-cash acquisition of shell's permian assets.
we believe in delivering value to our shareholders via our three-tiered return of capital framework, which consists of a growing, sustainable dividend, share repurchases, and beginning in 2022, the addition of vroc.
our combined dividends and repurchases represented over 30 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities.
our vroc will be made at the board of director's discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors.
see "item 1a-risk factors our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations."
management's discussion and analysis conocophillips
disciplined investments.
our goal is to achieve strong free cash flow by exercising capital discipline, controlling our costs, and safely and reliably delivering production.
we expect to make capital investments sufficient to sustain production throughout the price cycles.
free cash flow provides funds that are available to return to shareholders, strengthen the balance sheet or reinvest back into the business for future cash flow expansion
o exercise capital discipline.
we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to when an asset is operational and generates cash flow.
as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and lng facilities.
we allocate capital across a geographically diverse, low cost of supply resource base, which combined with legacy assets results in low overall production decline.
cost of supply is the wti equivalent price that generates a 10 percent after-tax return on a point-forward and fully burdened basis.
fully burdened includes capital infrastructure, foreign exchange, cost of carbon, price-related inflation and g&a.
in setting our capital plans, we exercise a rigorous approach that evaluates projects using these cost of supply criteria, which we believe will lead to value maximization and cash flow expansion using an optimized investment pace, not production growth for growth's sake.
our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to sustain production and provide returns of capital to shareholders.
o control our costs.
controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety or environmental stewardship, is a high priority.
using various methodologies, we monitor these costs monthly, on an absolute-dollar basis and a per-unit basis and report to management.
managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.
the ability to control our operating and overhead costs positively impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations.
o optimize our portfolio.
in 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho and shell's permian assets, significantly increasing our unconventional portfolio with many additional years of low cost of supply inventory.
the addition of this highly complementary acreage in the midland and delaware basins created a sizeable permian presence to augment our leading unconventional positions in the eagle ford and bakken in the lower 48.
in our asia pacific segment, we notified origin energy of our intent to exercise our preemption right to purchase an additional 10 percent shareholding interest in aplng and announced the sale of our interests in indonesia.
we continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and optimize as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments and disposing of assets that don't compete.
as such, in conjunction with our shell permian acquisition announcement, we communicated an increase in our planned disposition target to $4
2023 as part of our ongoing portfolio high-grading and optimization efforts.
apply new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields.
successfully explore, develop and exploit new and existing fields.
as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on historical 12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs.
therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes.
management's discussion and analysis
2021 10-k reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production, as shown in our supplemental reserve table disclosures.
access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive.
in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base.
safety and environmental stewardship, including the operati onal integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities.
we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate.
we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business operations.
in september 2021, we reaffirmed and improved upon our commitment to esg leadership and excellence and the specific targets that we set in october 2020 when we became the first u.s. based oil and gas company to adopt a paris-aligned climate-risk strategy.
our comprehensive energy transition strategy is designed to sustainably meet global energy demand while delivering competitive returns on and of capital through the energy transition.
our strategy also recognizes the importance of reducing society's end-use emissions to meet global climate goals.
as an e&p company, active only in the upstream side of the business, we do not produce end-use products directly for consumers.
this is why we have consistently taken a prominent role in advocating that scope 3 emissions be addressed through a well-designed economywide price on carbon. in addition, we are making early-stage investments in transition opportunities with the potential to generate competitive returns that will help address end-use emissions, including ccus and hydrogen.
we are also engaging with our supply chain on their emissions targets.
other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
energy commodity prices.
our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with crude oil and natural gas commodity prices.
commodity price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by opec plus and other producing countries, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies, global pandemics and weather-
the following graph depicts the average benchmark prices for wti crude oil, brent crude oil and u.s. henry hub natural gas over the past three years:
management's discussion and analysis conocophillips
$70.73 per barrel in 2021, an increase of 70 percent compared with
opec plus supply restraint, capital discipline by u.s. e&p's and various unplanned supply disruptions in producing countries moderated supply growth, reducing excess global inventories and putting upward pressure on global oil prices.
extreme weather events in many parts of the world and several global lng liquefaction outages depleted global natural gas inventories in early 2021, generating strong demand for u.s. lng exports and supporting robust domestic demand.
our realized bitumen price increased 368 percent from an average of $8.02
the wcs differential to wti at hardisty remained fairly flat as record high production offsets incremental pipeline capacity.
we continue to optimize bitumen price realizations through improvements in alternate blend capability which results in lower diluent costs and access to the u.s. gulf coast market through rail and pipeline contracts.
per boe in 2021 primarily due to higher realized oil, natural gas and bitumen prices.
north america's energy supply landscape has been transformed from one of resource scarcity to one of abundance.
in recent years, the use of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling in unconventional formations has led to increased industry actual and forecasted crude oil and natural gas production in the u.s.
and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of unconventional plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices;
should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced, and additional asset impairments might be possible.
management's discussion and analysis
we participate in a capital
at times, our pp&e and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value, or the current fair value of an investment is less than its carrying amount and the loss in value is deemed other than temporary.
as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties.
for more information on our impairments, see note 6
our operations are in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures.
accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the "mix" of before-tax earnings within our global operations.
fiscal and regulatory environment
our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including civil unrest or strained relationships with governments that may impact our operations or investments.
these changing environments could negatively impact our results of operations, and further changes to increase government fiscal take could have a negative impact on future operations.
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
outlook production and capital
2022 operating plan capital budget is $7.2 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance and
$0.2 billion for projects to reduce the company's scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity and investme nts in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions.
production guidance is 1.8 mmboed in 2022 including libya but excluding the impacts from the pending indonesia disposition and acquisition of additional aplng shareholding interest.
corporate and other represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
results of operations this section of the form 10-k discusses year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020.
for discussion of year-
to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item
consolidated results a summary of the company's net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips by business segment follows:
2021 earnings were positively impacted by:
higher realized commodity prices.
higher sales volumes primarily due to our concho acquisition and absence of production curtailments.
o absence of a 2020 impairment for $648 million after
-tax for the entire carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset.
o absence of unproved property impairment and dry hole expenses in 2020 for the kamunsu east field in malaysia, which is no longer in our development plans.
higher equity in earnings of affiliates, primarily due to higher lng sales prices.
contingent payments related to prior dispositions in our canada and lower 48 segments.
an after-tax gain of $194 million recognized for a fid bonus associated with our australia
-west divestiture in 2020.
lower impairments, primarily due to the absence of impairments recognized in 2020 for noncore assets in our lower 48 segment partially offset by an impairment in our aplng investment included within our asia pacific segment.
higher dd&a expenses caused by higher production volumes, partially offset by lower rates driven from positive reserve revisions due to higher commodity prices in 2021.
absence of a $597 million after-tax gain on our australia-west divestiture completed in may
restructuring and transaction expenses of $341 million after-tax associated with the concho and shell acquisitions in addition to mark-to-market impacts on certain key employee compensation programs.
-tax related to derivative positions assumed through our concho acquisition.
these derivative positions were settled entirely within the first quarter of 2021.
income statement analysis unless otherwise indicated, all results in income statement analysis are before-tax.
sales and other operating revenues increased 144 percent in 2021, mainly due to higher realized commodity prices and higher sales volumes.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased
$400 million in 2021, primarily due to higher earnings driven by higher lng and crude prices, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate related to equity method investments in our europe, middle east and north africa segment
gain on dispositions decreased $63 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of a $587 million gain related to our 2020 australia-west divestiture and a $179 million loss associated with the sale of noncore assets in our other international segment.
the decreases were partially offset by $200 million related to a fid bonus associated with our australia-west divestiture, gains recognized for contingent payments associated with previous dispositions in our canada and lower 48 segments and gains on sales of certain noncore assets in our lower 48 segment.
purchased commodities increased 125 percent in 2021, primarily in line with higher gas and crude prices and volumes.
production and operating expenses increased $1,350 million in 2021, primarily in line with higher production volumes.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $289 million in 2021, primarily due to transaction and restructuring expenses associated with our concho acquisition and higher compensation and benefits costs, including mark-to-market impacts of certain key employee compensation programs.
$1,113 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of 2020 expenses including an $828 million impairment for the entire carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset, the early cancellation of our
2020 winter exploration program in alaska, and absence of unproved property impairment and dry hole expenses from 2020 for the kamunsu east field in malaysia.
impairments decreased $139 million in 2021, primarily due to the absence of impairments recognized in 2020 for noncore assets in our lower 48 segment partially offset by an impairment in our aplng investment included within our asia pacific segment in 2021.
for additional information, see note 7
$880 million in 2021, caused primarily by higher commodity prices and higher lower 48 sales volumes.
foreign currency transaction
(gains) losses decreased $50 million in 2021 due to the absence of derivative gains and other remeasurements.
see note 17-income taxes for information regardin g
our income tax provision and effective tax rate.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (mbd)
equity affiliates
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per bbl)
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
bitumen (per bbl)
equity affiliates
2021 10-k we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
total production, including libya, of 1,567 mboed increased 440 mboed or 39 percent in 2021 compared with
higher volumes in lower 48 due to our concho acquisition
absence of production curtailments, primarily in our north american assets.
higher production in libya due to the absence of a forced shutdown of the es sider export terminal and other eastern export terminals.
improved well performance in norway, canada, alaska and china.
2020 disposition.
production excluding libya for 2021 was 1,527 mboed.
after adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, impacts from 2020 curtailments, 2021 winter storm uri and the conversion of concho two-stream contracted volumes to a three-stream basis, production increased by 28 mboed or 2 percent.
this increase was primarily due to new production from the lower 48 and other development programs across the portfolio, partially offset by normal field decline. production from libya averaged 40 mboed in 2021.
the alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, ngls and natural gas.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips alaska reported earnings of $1,386 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $719 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
including a $648 million after-tax impairment associated with the carrying value of our alaska north slope gas assets and the early cancellation of our winter exploration program.
production average production decreased 1 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to:
improved production at our western north slope assets as a result of net royalty interest changes associated with periodic redetermination.
improved performance in the greater prudhoe area and western north slope assets.
*includes conversion of previously acquired concho two-stream contracts to three-stream initiated in the fourth quarter of 2021.
**average sales prices, including the impact of hedges settling per initial contract terms in the first quarter of 2021 assumed in our concho acquisition were $65.19 per barrel for crude oil and $4.33 per mcf for natural gas for the year ended december 31, 2021.
as of march 31, 2021, we had settled all oil and gas hedging positions acquired from concho.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips lower 48 reported earnings of $4,932 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $1,122 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher sales volumes due to our concho acquisition and the absence of production curtailments.
lower impairments, primarily related to developed properties in our noncore assets which were written down to fair value due to lower commodity prices and development plan changes.
higher gains on dispositions related to selling our interests in certain noncore assets.
impacts resulting from our concho acquisition, including higher selling, general and administrative expenses for transaction and restructuring charges, as well as realized losses on derivative settlements.
production total average production increased 395 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to:
higher volumes due to our concho acquisition.
new wells online from our development programs in permian, eagle ford and bakken.
bitumen (mbd)
bitumen ($ per bbl)
*average sales prices include unutilized transportation costs.
**average prices for sales of bitumen produced excludes additional value realized from the purchase and sale of third-party volumes for optimization of our pipeline capacity between canada and the u.s. gulf coast.
our canadian operations consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips canada operations reported earnings of $458 million in 2021 compared with a loss of $326 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher realized bitumen prices and crude oil prices.
after-tax gains on disposition related to contingent payments of $246 million in 2021 associated with the sale of certain assets to cve in 2017.
higher sales volumes in our surmont and montney assets.
production total average production increased 24 mboed in 2021 compared with 2020.
improved well performance in surmont.
production from our kelt acquisition completed in the third quarter of 2020.
net income attributable to conocophillips the europe, middle east and north africa segment reported earnings of $1,167 million in 2021 compared with earnings of $448 million in 2020.
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher lng sales prices, reflected in equity in earnings of affiliates.
partly offsetting the increase in dd&a expenses were lower rates from positive reserve revisions.
consolidated production average consolidated production increased 39 mboed in 2021, compared with 2020.
higher production in libya due to the absence of a forced shutdown of the es sider export terminal and other eastern export terminals.
improved well performance in norway.
new production from norway drilling activities, including our tor ii redevelopment project which achieved full production in 2021.
net income attributable to conocophillips asia pacific reported earnings of $453 million in 2021, compared with $962 million in 2020.
an impairment of $688 million after-tax on our aplng investment.
-west divestiture.
absence of sales volumes associated with australia
earnings were positively impacted by:
higher lng sales prices, reflected in equity in earnings of affiliates.
an after-tax gain of $194 million recognized for a fid bonus associated with our australia-west divestiture.
for additional information related to this fid bonus, see note 3
consolidated production average consolidated production decreased 16 mboed in 2021, compared with 2020.
the divestiture of our australia
-west assets that contributed
development activity at bohai bay in china.
the absence of curtailments across the segment and increased demand in indonesia from coal supply restrictions.
the other international segment includes exploration and appraisal activities in colombia as well as contingencies associated with prior operations in other countries.
as a result of our concho acquisition, we refocused our exploration program and announced our intent to pursue managed exits from certain areas.
other international operations reported a loss of $107 million in 2021, compared with a loss of $64 million in 2020.
a $137 million after-tax loss on divestiture related to our argentina exploration interests.
absence of a $29 million after-tax benefit to earnings from the dismissal of arbitration related to prior operations in senegal recognized in the first quarter of 2020.
changes to earnings were positively impacted by:
absence of exploration expenses associated with dry hole costs and a full impairment of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs in colombia in the fourth quarter of 2020.
technology
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest.
million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher debt balances assumed due to our concho acquisition.
corporate g&a expenses include compensation programs and staff costs.
million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to restructuring expenses associated with our concho acquisition and mark to market adjustments associated with certain compensation programs
technology includes our investment in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues.
activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, heavy oil, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery as well as lng.
earnings from technology increased by $51 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher licensing revenues.
the category "other" includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, holding gains or losses on equity securities, and pension settlement expense.
earnings in "other" increased by $1,875 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a gain of $1,040 million on our cve common shares in 2021, compared with a $855 million loss in 2020.
capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by operating activities
short-term investments
total equity
percent of total debt to capital*
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement.
in 2021, the primary uses of our available cash were $8.7 billion for the acquisition of shell permian;
$5.3 billion to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program;
billion for hedging, transaction and restructuring costs.
at december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.0 billion, short-term investments of $0.4 billion, and available borrowing capacity under our credit facility of $6.0 billion, totaling approximately $11.5 billion of liquidity.
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the "significant changes in capital" section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments and required debt payments.
significant changes in capital operating activities in 2021, cash provided by operating activities was $17 billion, compared with $4.8 billion for 2020.
the increase is primarily due to higher realized commodity prices and higher sales volumes, mostly resulting from our acquisition of concho.
the increase was partly offset by the $0.8 billion in settlement of oil and gas hedging positions acquired from concho, and approximately
$0.4 billion of transaction and restructuring costs.
and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control.
absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
the level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, impacts our cash flows.
adjusting for closed acquisitions and dispositions, impacts from 2020 curtailments, 2021 winter storm uri and the conversion of concho two-stream contracted volumes to a three-stream basis, production increased 28 mboed or
future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts;
acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates;
new technologies;
operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability;
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost
-effective development.
while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production.
for information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the reserve table disclosures contained in "supplementary data - oil and gas operations."
see "item 1a-risk factors - unless we successfully develop our resources, the scope of our business will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business."
as discussed in the "critical accounting estimates"
section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, reserves may be revised upward or downward each year due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs.
it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact future reserve quantities.
investing activities in 2021, we invested $5.3 billion in capital expenditures.
capital expenditures invested in 2020 and 2019 were
for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the
"capital expenditures and investments"
in december 2021, we completed our acquisition of shell's assets in the delaware basin for cash consideration of approximately $8.7 billion after customary adjustments.
we funded this transaction with cash on hand.
we completed our acquisition of concho on january 15, 2021.
the assets acquired in the transaction included
the net impact of these items is recognized within "acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired" on our consolidated sta tement of cash flows.
in 2021, we announced a disposition target of $4 to $5 billion in disposition proceeds by year-end
only proceeds from transactions announced or initiated in the third quarter of 2021 or later will be counted toward this target.
the proceeds from these transactions will be used in accordance with the company's priorities, including returns of capital to shareholders and reduction of gross debt.
to date, we have achieved $0.3 billion from the sale of noncore assets in our lower 48 segment.
total proceeds from asset dispositions in 2021 were $1.7 billion.
including the $250 million mentioned above, we also received cash proceeds of $1.14 billion from sales of our investment in cve common shares and $244 million of contingent payments related to dispositions completed before
in may 2021, we announced and began a paced monetization of our investment in cve with the plan to direct proceeds toward our existing share repurchase program.
we expect to fully dispose of our cve common shares by early 2022, however, the sales pace will be guided by market conditions, and we retain discretion to adjust accordingly.
we received cash proceeds of $765 million for the divestiture of our australia-west assets and operations.
billion, including $2.2 billion for the sale of two conocophillips u.k.
subsidiaries and $350 million for the sale of our 30 percent interest in the greater sunrise fields.
-term investments as part of our cash investment strategy, the primary objective of which is to protect principal, maintain liquidity and provide yield and total returns;
these investments include time deposits, commercial paper, as well as debt securities classified as available for sale.
funds for short-term needs to support our operating plan and provide resiliency to react to short-term price volatility are invested in highly liquid instruments with maturities within the year.
funds we consider available to maintain resiliency in longer term capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
price downturns and to capture opportunities outside a given operating plan may be invested in instruments with maturities greater than one year.
financing activities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.0 billion, expiring in may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
the amount of the facility is not subject to the redetermination prior to its expiration date.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports conocophillips company's ability to issue up to $6.0 billion of commercial paper, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days.
with no commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had access to $6.0 billion in available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility at december 31,
on january 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho in an all-stock transaction. in the acquisition, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt and in december 2020, we launched an offer to exchange concho's publicly traded debt for debt issued by conocophillips.
there were no impacts to conocophillips'
credit ratings as a result of the debt exchange.
in june 2021, we reaffirmed our commitment to preserving our 'a'
-rated balance sheet by restating our intent to reduce gross debt by $5 billion over the next five years, driving a more resilient and efficient capital structure.
on january 25, 2021, s&p revised the industry risk assessment for the e&p industry to 'moderately high' from
'intermediate' based on a view of increasing risks from the energy transition, price volatility, and weaker profitability.
on february 11, 2021, s&p downgraded its rating of our long-term debt from "a"
-" with a
"stable" outlook and affirmed this rating in november 2021.
in october 2021, moody's affirmed its "a3"
rating of our long-term debt and revised its outlook from "stable" to "positive".
in december 2021, fitch affirmed its rating of our long-term debt as "a"
with a "stable" outlook.
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, upon downgrade of our credit ratings.
if our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
certain of our project-related contracts, commercial contracts and derivative instruments contain provisions requiring us to post collateral.
many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had direct bank letters of credit of $337 million and
million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which we have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the "capital expenditures and investments"
our debt balance at december 31, 2021, was $19.9 billion, an increase of $4.6 billion from the balance at december 31, 2020, driven by debt acquired as part of the concho acquisition.
maturities of debt (including payments for finance leases) due in
in december 2021, we announced our expected 2022 return of capital program and the initiation of a three-tier return of capital framework.
the framework is structured to deliver a compelling, growing ordinary dividend and through-cycle share repurchases.
it includes the addition of a discretionary vroc tier.
the vroc will provide a flexible tool for meeting our commitment of returning greater than
30 percent of cash from operating activities during periods where commodity prices are meaningfully higher than our planning price range.
we have set our expected 2022 total capital returns at approximately $8 billion, consisting of distributions from each of the three tiers.
consistent with our commitment to deliver value to shareholders, in 2021, we paid $2.4 billion, $1.75 per share of common stock, in ordinary dividends. this was an increase over 2020 and 2019, when we paid $1.69 and
on february 3, 2022, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.46 per share, payable march 1, 2022, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february
on february 3, 2022, we announced a vroc of $0.30 per share, payable on april 14, 2022, to stockholders of record at the close of business on march 31, 2022.
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program with board of director's authorization of $25
repurchases are made at management's discretion, at prevailing prices, subject to market conditions and other factors.
for more information on factors considered when determining the levels of returns of capital see "item 1a-risk factors - our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations."
in addition to the priorities described above, we have contractual obligations to purchase goods and services of approximately $11.8 billion.
we expect to fulfill $6 billion of these obligations in 2022. these figures exclude purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
purchase obligations of $5.3 billion are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third
-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities.
purchase obligations of $5.3 billion are related to market-based contracts for commodity product purchases with third parties.
the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
capital expenditures and investments millions of dollars
capital program*
* excludes capital related to acquisitions of businesses, net of capital acquired.
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31,
the 2021 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
development activities in the lower 48, primarily permian, eagle ford, and bakken.
appraisal and development activities in alaska related to the western north slope and development activities in the greater kuparuk area.
appraisal and development activities in the montney and optimization of oil sands development in canada.
continued development activities across assets in norway.
continued development activities in china, malaysia, and indonesia.
2022 capital budget in december 2021, we announced our 2022 operating plan capital of $7.2 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance and
$0.2 billion for projects to reduce the company's scope
1 and 2 emissions intensity and investments in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions.
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k guarantor summarized financial information we have various cross guarantees among conocophillips, conocophillips company, and burlington resources llc with respect to publicly held debt securities.
burlington resources llc is
conocophillips and/or conocophillips company have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of burlington resources llc with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
similarly, conocophillips has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips company with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
in addition, conocophillips company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment obligations of conocophillips with respect to its publicly held debt securities.
the following tables present summarized financial information for the obligor group, as defined below:
the obligor group will reflect guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities consisting of conocophillips, conocophillips company and burlington resources llc.
consolidating adjustments for elimination of investments in and transactions between the collective guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities are reflected in the balances of the summarized financial information.
upon completing the concho acquisition on january 15, 2021, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt of approximately $3.9 billion in aggregate principal amount, which was recorded at the fair value of $4.7 billion on the acquisition date.
we completed a debt exchange offer that settled on february 8, 2021, of which 98 percent, or approximately $3.8 billion in aggregate principal amount of concho's notes, were tendered and accepted for new debt issued by conocophillips.
the new debt issued in the exchange is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by conocophillips company.
both the guarantor and issuer of the exchange debt is reflected within the obligor group presented here.
transactions and balances reflecting activity between the obligors and non-obligated subsidiaries are presented separately below:
summarized income statement data millions of dollars
income (loss) before income taxes*
*includes approximately $5.4 billion of purchased commodities expense for transactions with non-obligated subsidiaries.
summarized balance sheet data millions of dollars december 31, 2021
current assets
noncurrent assets
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
contingencies we are subject to legal proceedings, claims, and liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business.
we accrue for losses associated with legal claims when such losses are considered probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
see "critical accounting estimates"
for information on contingencies.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims, including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties, claims of alleged environmental contamination and damages from historic operations, and climate change.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience, and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if an adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
environmental we are subject to the same numerous international, federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations as other companies in our industry.
the most significant of these environmental laws and regulations include, among others, the:
european union regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals
u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
u.s. federal resource conservation and recovery act (rcra), which governs the treatment, storage, and disposal of solid waste.
u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the u.s.
u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
u.s. department of the interior regulations, which relate to offshore oil and gas operations in u.s. waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits, and establish standards and impose obligations for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances and hazardous wastes.
they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations.
these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time-consuming.
in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency's processing of the application.
many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities.
while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve.
however, environmental laws and regulations, including those that may arise to address concerns about global climate change, are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the u.s. and in other countries in which we operate.
notable areas of potential impacts include air emission compliance and remediation obligations in the u.s.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal, or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by various state environmental agencies, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments.
we have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements.
our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations.
longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging that we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute.
on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties.
these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations.
as of december 31, 2021, there were 15 sites around the u.s. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low.
although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability.
actual cleanup costs generally occur after the parties obtain epa or equivalent state agency approval.
there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
expensed environmental costs were $632 million in 2021 and are expected to be about $642 million and
capitalized environmental costs were $184 million in 2021 and are expected to be about $218 million and $316 million in
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra ,
and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct or once conducted operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed.
the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra, or other agency enforcement activities.
the laws that require or address environmental remediation may apply retroactively and regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites.
if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries.
in the future, we may incur significant costs under both cercla and rcra.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties.
therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
at december 31, 2021, our balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of $187 million, compared with $180 million at december 31, 2020, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred.
however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
see item 1a-risk factors - we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations and note 11
for information on environmental litigatio n.
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k climate change continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on ghg reduction.
laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
examples of legislation and precursors for possible regulation that do or could affect our operations include:
our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2021 was approximately $19
million (net share before-tax
u.k. emissions trading scheme, the program with which the u.k. has replaced the ets.
our cost of compliance with the u.k. ets in 2021 was approximately
$2.8 million (net share before
the alberta technology innovation and emissions reduction
(tier) regulation requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet a facility benchmark intensity.
million (net share before-tax)
549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirmed that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an "air pollutant" under the federal clean air act.
the u.s. epa's announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as "interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs,"
75 fed. reg. 17004 (april 2, 2010)), and the epa's and u.s. department of transportation's joint promulgation of a final rule on april 1, 2010, that triggers regulation of ghgs under the clean air act, may trigger more climate-based claims for damages, and may result in longer agency review time for development projects.
the u.s. epa's announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry.
the u.s. government has announced on september 17, 2021 the global methane pledge, a global initiative to reduce global methane emissions by at least 30 percent from 2020 levels by 2030.
our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon legislation in 2021
$35 million (net share before
we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations in canada, totaling approximately $5.7 million (net share before-tax).
st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change, setting out a process for achieving global emission reductions.
the new administration has recommitted the united states to the paris agreement, and a significant number of u.s. state and local governments and major corporations headquartered in the u.s.
have also announced related commitments.
in the u.s., some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions.
such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
we are working to continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations.
capital resources and liquidity conocophillips
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation.
such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon intensive energy sources, including natural gas.
the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
the price and availability of offsets.
the amount and allocation of allowances.
technological and scientific developments leading to new products or services.
any potential significant physical effects of climate change (such as increased severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes in temperature).
whether, and the extent to which, increased compliance costs are ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services.
see item 1a-risk factors - existing and future laws, regulations and internal initiatives relating to global climate changes, such as limitations on ghg emissions may impact or limit our business plans, result in significant expenditures, promote alternative uses of energy or reduce demand for our products and note 11
for information on climate change litigation.
company response to climate
-related risks the company has responded by putting in place a sustainable development risk management standard covering the assessment and registration of significant and high sustainable development risks based on their consequence and likelihood of occurrence.
we have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register.
the risks addressed in our climate change action plan fall into four broad categories:
ghg emissions management.
physical climate-related impacts.
gross operated and net equity scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions help us understand our climate transition risk.
scope 1 emissions are direct ghg emissions from sources that we control or in which we have ownership interest.
scope 2 emissions are indirect ghg emissions from the generation of purchased electricity or steam that we consume.
scope 3 emissions are indirect emissions from sources that we neither own nor control.
capital resources and liquidity
2021 10-k we announced in october 2020 the adoption of a paris-aligned climate risk framework with the objective of implementing a coherent set of choices designed to facilitate the success of our existing exploration and production business through the energy transition.
given the uncertainties remaining about how the energy transition will evolve, the strategy aims to be robust across a range of potential future outcomes.
the strategy is comprised of four pillars:
our target framework consists of a hierarchy of targets, from a long-term ambition that sets the direction and aim of the strategy, to a medium-term performance target for ghg emissions intensity, to shorter-term targets for flaring and methane intensity reductions.
these performance targets are supported by lower-level internal business unit goals to enable the company to achieve the company-
in september 2021, we increased our interim operational target and have set it to reduce our gross operated and net equity (scope 1 and 2) emissions intensity by
levels by 2030, an improvement from the previously announced target of 35 to 45 percent on only a gross operated basis, with an ambition to achieve net-zero operated emissions by 2050.
we have joined the world bank flaring initiative to work towards zero routine flaring of associated gas by 2030, with an ambition to meet that goal by 2025.
technology choices:
we expanded our marginal abatement cost curve process to provide a broader range of opportunities for emission reduction technology.
portfolio choices: our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying projects to include a ghg price in their project approval economics.
projects in jurisdictions with existing ghg pricing regimes incorporate the existing ghg price and forecast into their economics.
projects where no existing ghg pricing regime exists utilize a scenario forecast from our internally consistent world energy model.
in this way, both existing and emerging regulatory requirements are considered in our decision-making.
the company does not use an estimated market cost of ghg emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing ghg regulations
this is in contrast to changes to the cost of existing ghg emission regulations which can impact our reserves calculations.
external engagement: our external engagement aims to differentiate conocophillips within the oil and gas sector with our approach to managing climate-related risk.
we are a founding member of the climate leadership council (clc), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
we also belong to and fund americans for carbon dividends, the education and advocacy branch of the clc.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
for descriptions of our major accounting policies.
certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used.
these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually.
we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry.
the acquisition of g&g seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs.
however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been recognized.
property acquisition costs at year-end 2021, we held $9.3 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs which consisted primarily of individually significant and pooled leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, and to a lesser extent, suspended exploratory wells and capitalized interest.
this amount increased by $6.9 billion at december 31, 2021 as compared to december 31, 2020, primarily due to the concho and shell permian acquisitions in the permian basin where we have an ongoing significant and active development program.
$2.0 billion is concentrated in 9 major development areas.
management periodically assesses our unproved property for impairment based on the results of exploration and drilling efforts and the outlook for commercialization.
for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date.
for insignificant individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves, including estimates of future expirations, and pools that leasehold information with others in similar geographic areas.
for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high.
this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or "suspended,"
on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
2021 10-k if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
the accounting notion of "sufficient progress" is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable.
often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control.
exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
at year-end 2021, total suspended well costs were $660 million, compared with $682 million at year-end 2020.
for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 6
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information.
reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of "proved"
reserve estimates due to the importance of these estimates to better understand the perceived value and future cash flows of a company's operations.
there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as "proved."
our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines.
we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
see oil and gas supplemental disclosures for additional information.
proved reserve estimates are adjusted annually in the fourth quarter and during the year if significant changes occur, and take into account recent production and subsurface information about each field.
also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will reach the end of its economic life is based on 12-month average prices and current costs.
therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes.
our proved reserves include estimat ed quantities related to pscs, reported under the "economic interest"
method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
the estimation of proved reserves is also important to the income statement because the proved reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset.
at year-end 2021, the net book value of productive pp&e subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $52 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in
the estimated proved reserves for our consolidated operations were 2.5 billion boe at the end of 2020 and 4.0 billion boe at the end of 2021.
if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2021 would have increased by an estimated
business combination-valuation of oil and gas properties for recent transactions, management applied the principles of acquisition accounting under fasb asc topic 805
"business combinations" and allocated the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date.
estimating the fair values involved making various assumptions, of which the most significant assumptions relate to the fair values assigned to proved and unproved oil and gas properties.
management utilized a discounted cash flow approach, based on market participant assumptions, and engaged third party valuation experts in preparing fair value estimates.
significant inputs incorporated within the valuation include future commodity price assumptions and production profiles of reserve estimates, the pace of drilling plans, future operating and development costs, inflation rates, and discount rates using a market
-based weighted average cost of capital determined at the time of the acquisition.
when estimating the fair value of unproved properties, additional risk-weighting adjustments are applied to probable and possible reserves.
the assumptions and inputs incorporated within the fair value estimates are subject to considerable management judgement and are based on industry, market, and economic conditions prevalent at the time of the acquisition.
impairments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group.
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management's assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans.
if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment in the periods in which the determination is made.
individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets-generally on a field-by-field basis for e&p assets.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available evidence at the date of review.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred.
such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value.
when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment.
since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment of an investment in any period.
2021 10-k asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites.
our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
fair value is estimated using a
present value approach, incorporating assumptions about estimated amounts and timing of settlements and impacts of the use of technologies.
estimating future asset removal costs requires significant judgement.
most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs.
the carrying value of our asset retirement obligation estimate is sensitive to inputs such as asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, which are all subject to change between the time of initial recognition of the liability and future settlement of our obligation.
normally, changes in asset removal obligations are reflected in the income statement as increases or decreases to dd&a over the remaining life of the assets.
however, for assets at or nearing the end of their operations, as well as previously sold assets for which we retained the asset removal obligation, an increase in the asset removal obligation can result in an immediate charge to earnings, because any increase in pp&e due to the increased obligation would immediately be subject to impairment, due to the low fair value of these properties.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects.
these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the u.s.
at exploration and production sites.
future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
projected benefit obligations the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements.
ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time.
projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption.
a 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by $1.0 billion.
benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions.
a 100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $70 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $60 million.
in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans.
we are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains.
these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict.
in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business.
management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure.
however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions;
evaluation of scope of damages; interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms; expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the "contingencies"
section within "capital resources and liquidity" and note 11
we record deferred tax assets and liabilities to account for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements and our tax returns.
we routinely assess our deferred tax assets and reduce such assets by a valuation allowance if we deem it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
in assessing the need for adjustments to existing valuation allowances, we consider all available positive and negative evidence.
positive evidence includes reversals of temporary differences, forecasts of future taxable income, assessment of future business assumptions and applicable tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible.
negative evidence includes losses in recent years as well as the forecasts of future net income (loss) in the realizable period.
in making our assessment regarding valuation allowances, we weight the evidence based on objectivity.
numerous judgments and assumptions are inherent in the determination of future taxable income, including factors such as future operating conditions and the assessment of the effects of foreign taxes on our u.s.
we regularly assess and, if required, establish accruals for uncertain tax positions that could result from assessments of additional tax by taxing jurisdictions in countries where we operate.
we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.
these accruals for uncertain tax positions are subject to a significant amount of judgment and are reviewed and adjusted on a periodic basis in light of changing facts and circumstances considering the progress of ongoing tax audits, court proceedings, changes in applicable tax laws, including tax case rulings and legislative guidance, or expiration of the applicable statute of limitations.
regarding discussion of critical accounting estimates on deferred tax valuation allowances.
2021 10-k cautionary statement for the purposes of the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933
and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934.
all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, objectives of management for future operatio ns and the anticipated impact of the shell enterprise llc (shell) transaction on the company's business and future financial and operating results are forward-looking statements.
examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends.
you can often identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate,"
"effort,"
"forecast,"
we based the forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about ourselves and the industries in which we operate in general.
we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict.
in addition, we based many of these forward
accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward
any differences could result from a variety of factors and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following:
-19) and epidemics and any related company or government policies or actions.
global and regional changes in the demand, supply, prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from a public health crisis or from the imposition or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by opec and other producing countries and the resulting company or third-party actions in response to such changes.
fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls, which may result in recognition of impairment charges on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
the potential for insufficient liquidity or other factors, such as those described herein, that could impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and pay dividends, whether fixed or variable.
potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks and the inherent uncertainties in predicting reserves and reservoir performance.
reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating e&p facilities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development, or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.
failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of, announced and future e&p and lng development in a timely manner (if at all) or on budget.
potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, supply chain disruptions, civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.
changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and any materials or products
(such as aluminum and steel) used in the operation of our business.
substantial investment in and development use of, competing or alternative energy sources, including as a result of existing or future environmental rules and regulations.
liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under existing and future environmental regulations and litigation.
significant operational or investment changes imposed by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce ghg emissions.
liability resulting from litigation, including litigation directly or indirectly related to the transaction with concho resources inc., or our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities;
expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls pricing; regulation or taxation;
and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.
volatility in the commodity futures markets.
changes in tax and other laws, regulations
(including alternative energy mandates), or royalty rules applicable to our business.
competition and consolidation in the oil and gas e&p industry.
any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital, including as a result of illiquidity or uncertainty in domestic or international financial markets or investment sentiment.
our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue.
potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.
potential disruption of our operations as a result of pending or future asset dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention.
our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions that are pending or that we elect to undertake in the future in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.
the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us, including our ability to collect payments when due from the government of venezuela or pdvsa.
our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and capital expenditure reductions.
the inadequacy of storage capacity for our products, and ensuing curtailments, whether voluntary or involuntary, required to mitigate this physical constraint.
the risk that we will be unable to retain and hire key personnel.
unanticipated integration issues relating to the acquisition of assets from shell, such as potential disruptions of our ongoing business and higher than anticipated integration costs.
uncertainty as to the long-term value of our common stock.
the diversion of management time on integration
the factors generally described in item 1a-risk factors in this 2021 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.
2021 10-k item 7a.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk financial instrument market risk we and certain of our subsidiaries hold and issue derivative contracts and financial instruments that expose our cash flows or earnings to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates.
we may use financial and commodity-based derivative contracts to manage the risks produced by changes in the prices of natural gas, crude oil and related products; fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; or to capture market opportunities.
our use of derivative instruments is governed by an "authority limitations" document approved by our board of directors that prohibits the use of highly leveraged derivatives or derivative instruments without sufficient liquidity.
the authority limitations document also establishes the value at risk (var)
limits for the company, and compliance with these limits is monitored daily.
the executive vice president and chief financial officer, who reports to the chief executive officer, monitors commodity price risk and risks resulting from foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
the commercial organization manages our commercial marketing, optimizes our commodity flows and positions, and monitors risks.
commodity price risk our commercial organization uses futures, forwards, swaps and options in various markets to accomplish the following objectives:
meet customer needs.
consistent with our policy to generally remain exposed to market prices, we use swap contracts to convert fixed-price sales contracts, which are often requested by natural gas consumers, to floating market prices.
enable us to use market knowledge to capture opportunities such as moving physical commodities to more profitable locations and storing commodities to capture seasonal or time premiums.
we may use derivatives to optimize these activities.
we use a var model to estimate the loss in fair value that could potentially result on a single day from the effect of adverse changes in market conditions on the derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments we hold or issue, including commodity purchases and sales contracts recorded on the balance sheet at december 31, 2021, as derivative instruments.
using monte carlo simulation, a 95 percent confidence level and a one-day holding period, the var for those instruments issued or held for trading purposes or held for purposes other than trading at december 31, 2021 and 2020, was immaterial to our consolidated cash flows and net income attributable to conocophillips.
interest rate risk the following table provides information about our debt instruments that are sensitive to changes in u.s. interest rates.
the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates.
the carrying amount of our floating-rate debt approximates its fair value.
a hypothetical 10 percent change in prevailing interest rates would not have a material impact on interest expense associated with our floating-rate debt.
the fair value of the fixed-rate debt is measured using prices available from a pricing service that is corroborated by market data.
changes to prevailing interest rates would not impact our cash flows associated with fixed rate debt, unless we elect to repurchase or retire such debt prior to maturity.
millions of dollars except as indicated debt fixed average floating average rate interest rate interest expected maturity date maturity rate maturity rate year-end 2021
fair value
fair value
foreign currency exchange risk we have foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from international operations.
we do not comprehensively hedge the exposure to currency exchange rate changes although we may choose to selectively hedge certain foreign currency exchange rate exposures, such as firm commitments for capital projects or local currency tax payments, dividends and cash returns from net investments in foreign affiliates to be remitted within the coming year, and investments in equity securities.
at december 31, 2021 and 2020, we held foreign currency exchange forwards hedging cross-border commercial activity and foreign currency exchange swaps for purposes of mitigating our cash-related exposures.
although these forwards and swaps hedge exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, we elected not to utilize hedge accounting.
as a result, the change in the fair value of these foreign currency exchange derivatives is recorded directly in earnings.
at december 31, 2021, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts to buy $1.9 billion aud at
$0.715 aud against the u.s. dollar.
at december 31, 2020, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts to sell $0.45 billion cad at $0.748
cad against the u.s. dollar.
based on the assumed volatility in the fair value calculation, the net fair value of these foreign currency contracts at december 31, 2021 and december 31,
2020, were a before-tax gain of $21 million and before
based on an adverse hypothetical 10 percent change in the december 2021 and december 2020 exchange rate, this would result in an additional before-tax loss of $134 million and $39 million, respectively.
the sensitivity analysis is based on changing one assumption while holding all other assumptions constant, which in practice may be unlikely to occur, as changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
2021 10-k the gross notional and fair value of these positions at december 31, 2021 and 2020, were as follows
foreign currency exchange derivatives in millions notional fair value*
sell british pound, buy euro gbp
buy british pound, sell euro gbp
for additional information about our use of derivative instruments, see note 12
item 8.
financial statements and supplementary data conocophillips index to financial statements page reports of management
reports of independent registered public accounting firm
consolidated income statement for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
notes to consolidated financial statements
supplementary information oil and gas operations
2021 10-k reports of management management prepared, and is responsible for, the consolidated financial statements and the other information appearing in this annual report.
the consolidated financial statements present fairly the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states.
in preparing its consolidated financial statements, the company includes amounts that are based on estimates and judgments management believes are reasonable under the circumstances.
the company's financial statements have been audited by ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm appointed by the audit and finance committee of the board of directors and ratified by stockholders.
management has made available to ernst & young llp all of the company's financial records and related data, as well as the minutes of stockholders' and directors'
assessment of internal control over financial reporting management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
conocophillips' internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company's management and directors regarding the preparation and fair presentatio n
of published financial statements.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
management assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021.
in making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013)
based on our assessment, we believe the company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of december 31, 2021.
management's assessment of, and conclusion on, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the assets acquired from shell enterprise llc in december 2021.
the total assets acquired represented approximately 10 percent of the company's consolidated total assets at december 31, 2021.
ernst & young llp has issued an audit report on the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, and their report is included herein.
chairman and chief executive officer executive vice president and chief financial officer conocophillips
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of conocophillips opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of conocophillips (the company) as of december
31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board
(united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated february 17, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob.
those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matters the critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit and finance committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments.
the communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
2021 10-k accounting for asset retirement obligations for certain offshore properties description of the matter at december 31, 2021, the asset retirement obligation (aro) balance totaled
$5.9 billion. as further described in note 8, the company records aros in the period in which they are incurred, typically when the asset is installed at the production location. the estimation of obligations related to certain offshore assets requires significant judgment given the magnitude and higher estimation uncertainty related to plugging and abandonment of wells and removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms, facilities and pipelines costs
(collectively, removal costs). furthermore, given certain of these assets are nearing the end of their operations, the impact of changes in these aros may result in a material impact to earnings given the relatively short remainin g
useful lives of the assets.
auditing the company's aros for the obligations identified above is complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the obligations. in particular, the estimates were sensitive to significant subjective assumptions such as removal cost estimates and end of field life, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions.
how we addressed the matter in our audit we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over its aro estimation process, including management's review of the significant assumptions that have a material effect on the determination of the obligations. we also tested management's controls over the completeness and accuracy of the financial data used in the valuation.
to test the aros for the obligations identified above, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the significant assumptions and inputs used in the valuation, including removal cost estimates and end of field life assumptions. for example, we evaluated removal cost estimates by comparing to settlements and recent removal activities and costs.
we also compared end of field life assumptions to production forecasts.
depreciation, depletion and amortization of proved oil and gas properties, plants and equipment description of the matter at december 31, 2021, the net book value of the company's proved oil and gas properties, plants and equipment (pp&e) was $52 billion, and depreciation, depletion and amortization
(dd&a) expense was $7.0 billion for the year then ended. as described in note 1, under the successful efforts method of accounting, dd&a of pp&e on producing hydrocarbon properties and steam-assisted gravity drainage facilities and certain pipeline and liquified natural gas assets (those which are expected to have a declining utilization pattern) are determined by the unit-of-production method. the unit-of-production method uses proved oil and gas reserves, as estimated by the company's internal reservoir engineers.
proved oil and gas reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
significant judgment is required by the company's internal reservoir engineers in evaluating geological and engineering data when estimating proved oil and gas reserves.
estimating proved oil and gas reserves also requires the selection of inputs, including oil and gas price assumptions, future operating and capital costs assumptions and tax rates by jurisdiction, among others. because of the complexity involved in estimating proved oil and gas reserves, management also used an independent petroleum engineering consulting firm to perform a review of the processes and controls used by the company's internal reservoir engineers to determine estimates of proved oil and gas reserves.
auditing the company's dd&a calculation is complex because of the use of the work of the internal reservoir engineers and the independent petroleum engineering consulting firm and the evaluation of management's determination of the inputs described above used by the internal reservoir engineers in estimating proved oil and gas reserves.
how we addressed the matter in our audit we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over its processes to calculate dd&a, including management's controls over the completeness and accuracy of the financial data provided to the internal reservoir engineers for use in estimating proved oil and gas reserves.
our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the professional qualifications and objectivity of the company's internal reservoir engineers primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of the proved oil and gas reserve estimates and the independent petroleum engineering consulting firm used to review the company's processes and controls. in addition, in assessing whether we can use the work of the internal reservoir engineers, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the financial data and inputs described above used by the internal reservoir engineers in estimating proved oil and gas reserves by agreeing them to source documentation and we identified and evaluated corroborative and contrary evidence. we also tested the accuracy of the dd&a calculation, including comparing the proved oil and gas reserve amounts used in the calculation to the company's reserve report.
valuation and recognition of proved and unproved oil & gas properties acquired in business combinations description of the matter during 2021, the company closed its acquisition of concho resources inc. and its acquisition of permian assets from shell enterprises llc resulting in the recognition of proved and unproved oil and gas properties within net properties, plants and equipment of $18.9 billion and $8.6 billion, respectively.
as described in note 3, the transactions were accounted for as business combinations under fasb asc 805 using the acquisition method, which requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values.
oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach based on market participant assumptions and third party valuation experts were engaged by the company to prepare fair value estimates.
significant inputs to the valuation of proved and unproved oil and gas properties include estimates of future commodity price assumptions and production profiles of reserve estimates, the pace of drilling plans, future operating costs and discount rates using a market
-based weighted average cost of capital.
auditing the company's accounting for its valuation of proved and unproved oil and gas properties is complex and considerably judgmental due to the significant estimation required by management of reserves and resources associated with the acquired assets and the sensitivity of significant assumptions used in determining the fair value.
in evaluating the reasonableness of management's estimates and assumptions used, the audit testing procedures performed required a high degree of auditor judgment and additional effort, including involving internal specialists.
how we addressed the matter in our audit we obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over its process to estimate the fair value of the acquired proved and unproved oil and gas properties, including management's review of the significant assumptions used as inputs to the fair value calculations and final recording of the analysis.
2021 10-k to test the estimated fair value of the acquired proved and unproved oil and gas properties, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions used and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions. for example, we compared certain significant assumptions to current industry, third-party data and historical results for reasonableness. we also performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions, to evaluate the extent of their impact to the fair value calculation. in addition, we involved our valuation specialists to assist with certain significant assumptions included in the fair value estimate.
furthermore, we evaluated the professional qualifications and objectivity of the third party valuation specialist engaged by the company to prepare the fair value of the acquired proved and unproved oil and gas properties.
auditor since 1949.
report of independent registered public accounting firm to the stockholders and the board of directors of conocophillips opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited conocophillips'
internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, based on criteria established in internal control
-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria).
(the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2021, based on the coso criteria. as indicated under the heading "assessment of internal control over financial reporting" in the accompanying reports of management, management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of the assets acquired from shell enterprise llc, which is included in the 2021 consolidated financial statements of conocophillips and constituted approximately
10 percent of consolidated total assets as of december 31, 2021.
our audit of internal control over financial reporting of conocophillips also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the assets acquired from shell enterprise llc.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board
(united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated february 17, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included under the heading
"assessment of internal control over financial reporting" in the accompanying "reports of management."
our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
2021 10-k definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
financial statements conocophillips
equity in earnings of affiliates
gain on dispositions
costs and expenses purchased commodities
accretion on discounted liabilities
foreign currency transaction
(gains) losses
total costs and expenses
income (loss) before income taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial statements
defined benefit plans prior service credit arising during the period
reclassification adjustment for amortization of prior service credit included in net income (loss)
net change
reclassification adjustment for amortization of net actuarial losses included in net income (loss)
net change
income taxes on defined benefit plans
defined benefit plans, net of tax
unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities
reclassification adjustment for loss included in net income
income taxes on unrealized holding loss on securities
unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities, net of tax
foreign currency translation adjustments
income taxes on foreign currency translation adjustments
foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax
less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests
*plans for which conocophillips is not the primary obligor-primarily those administered by equity affiliates.
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial statements conocophillips
assets cash and cash equivalents
short-term investments
investment in cenovus energy
prepaid expenses and other current assets
total current assets
investments and long-term receivables
other assets
total assets
liabilities accounts payable
employee benefit obligations
total current liabilities
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
employee benefit obligations
other liabilities and deferred credits
total liabilities
equity common stock (
par value)
par value
capital in excess of par
total equity
total liabilities and equity
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial statements
cash flows from operating activities net income (loss)
(loss) to net cash provided by operating activities depreciation, depletion and amortization
dry hole costs and leasehold impairments
accretion on discounted liabilities
undistributed equity earnings
gain on dispositions
working capital adjustments decrease (increase) in accounts and notes receivable
decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other current assets
net cash provided by operating activities
cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures and investments
working capital changes associated with investing activities
acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired
proceeds from asset dispositions
net sales (purchases) of investments
net cash used in investing activities
cash flows from financing activities issuance of debt
net cash used in financing activities
effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
million is included in the "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and "other assets"
million is included in the "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and "other assets" lines, respectively, of our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2020.
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial statements conocophillips
consolidated statement of changes in equity conocophillips millions of dollars attributable to conocophillips common stock par value capital in excess of par treasury stock accum. other comprehensive income (loss)
controlling interests total balances at december 31, 2018
distributions to noncontrolling interests and other
distributed under benefit plans
changes in accounting principles*
distributions to noncontrolling interests and other
disposition
distributed under benefit plans
acquisition of concho
distributed under benefit plans
*cumulative effect of the adoption of asu no. 2018-02, "reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income."
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k notes to consolidated financial statements note 1-accounting policies
consolidation principles and investments
-our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of majority-owned, controlled subsidiaries and, if applicable, variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary.
the equity method is used to account for investments in affiliates in which we have the ability to exert significant influence over the affiliates' operating and financial policies.
when we do not have the ability to exert significant influence, the investment is measured at fair value except when the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value.
for those exceptions, it will be measured at cost minus impairment, plus or minus observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer.
other securities and investments are generally carried at cost.
foreign currency translation
-adjustments resulting from the process of translating foreign functional currency financial statements into u.s. dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in common stockholders' equity.
foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in current earnings.
some of our foreign operations use their local currency as the functional currency.
-the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.
revenue recognition
-revenues associated with the sales of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and other items are recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the asset.
in evaluating when a customer has control of the asset, we primarily consider whether the transfer of legal title and physical delivery has occurred, whether the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership and whether the customer has accepted delivery and a right to payment exists.
these products are typically sold at prevailing market prices.
we allocate variable market-based consideration to deliveries (performance obligations)
in the current period as that consideration relates specifically to our efforts to transfer control of current period deliveries to the customer and represents the amount we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the related products.
payment is typically due within 30 days or less.
revenues associated with transactions commonly called buy/sell contracts, in which the purchase and sale of inventory with the same counterparty are entered into "in contemplation"
shipping and handling costs
-we typically incur shipping and handling costs prior to control transferring to the customer and account for these activities as fulfillment costs.
accordingly, we include shipping and handling costs in production and operating expenses for production activities.
transportation costs related to marketing activities are recorded in purchased commodities.
freight costs billed to customers are treated as a component of the transaction price and recorded as a component of revenue when the customer obtains control.
-cash equivalents are highly liquid, short-term investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of 90 days or less from their date of purchase.
they are carried at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
short-term investments
-short-term investments include investments in bank time deposits and marketable securities (commercial paper and government obligations)
which are carried at cost plus accrued interest and have original maturities of greater than 90 days but within one year or when the remaining maturities are within one year.
we also invest in financial instruments classified as available for sale debt securities which are carried at fair value. those instruments are included in short-term investments when they have remaining maturities within one year as of the balance sheet date.
long-term investments in debt securities
-long-term investments in debt securities includes financial instruments classified as available for sale debt securities with remaining maturities greater than one year as of the balance sheet date.
they are carried at fair value and presented within the "investments and long-term receivables" line of our consolidated balance sheet.
-we have several valuation methods for our various types of inventories and consistently use the following methods for each type of inventory.
the majority of our commodity-related inventories are recorded at cost using the lifo basis.
we measure these inventories at the lower-of-cost-or-market in the aggregate.
any necessary lower-of-cost-or-market write-downs at year end are recorded as permanent adjustments to the lifo cost basis.
lifo is used to better match current inventory costs with current revenues.
costs include both direct and indirect expenditures incurred in bringing an item or product to its existing condition and location, but not unusual/nonrecurring costs or research and development costs.
materials, supplies and other miscellaneous inventories, such as tubular goods and well equipment, are valued using various methods, including the weighted-average
-cost method and the fifo method, consistent with industry practice.
fair value measurements
-assets and liabilities measured at fair value and required to be categorized within the fair value hierarchy are categorized into one of three different levels depending on the observability of the inputs employed in the measurement.
level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
level 2 inputs are observable inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market
level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability reflecting significant modifications to observable related market data or our assumptions about pricing by market participants.
-derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value.
if the right of offset exists and certain other criteria are met, derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty are netted on the balance sheet and the collateral payable or receivable is netted against derivative assets and derivative liabilities, respectively.
recognition and classification of the gain or loss that results from recording and adjusting a derivative to fair value depends on the purpose for issuing or holding the derivative.
gains and losses from derivatives not accounted for as hedges are recognized immediately in earnings.
oil and gas exploration and development
-oil and gas exploration and development costs are accounted for using the successful efforts method of accounting.
property acquisition costs
-oil and gas leasehold acquisition costs are capitalized and included in the balance sheet caption pp&e.
leasehold impairment is recognized based on exploratory experience and management's judgment.
upon achievement of all conditions necessary for reserves to be classified as proved, the associated leasehold costs are reclassified to proved properties.
exploratory costs
-geological and geophysical costs and the costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties are expensed as incurred.
exploratory well costs are capitalized, or
on the balance sheet pending further evaluation of whether economically recoverable reserves have been found.
if economically recoverable reserves are not found, exploratory well costs are expensed as dry holes.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas resources are designated as proved reserves.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as dry holes when it judges the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
development costs
-costs incurred to drill and equip development wells, including unsuccessful development wells, are capital ized.
-leasehold costs of producing properties are depleted using the unit-of-
amortization of development costs is based on the unit-of-production method using estimated proved developed oil and gas reserves.
capitalized interest
-interest from external borrowings is capitalized on major projects with an expected construction period of one year or longer.
capitalized interest is added to the cost of the underlying asset and is amortized over the useful lives of the assets in the same manner as the underlying assets.
-depreciation and amortization of pp&e on producing hydrocarbon properties and sagd facilities and certain pipeline and lng assets (those which are expected to have a declining utilization pattern), are determined by the unit-of-production method.
depreciation and amortization of all other pp&e are determined by either the individual-unit-straight-line method or the group-straight-line method (for those individual units that are highly integrated with other units).
-long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in the future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group.
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, a recoverability test is performed using management's assumptions for prices, volumes and future development plans.
if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows before income-taxes is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment in the period in which the determination is made.
individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets-generally on a field-by-field basis for e&p assets.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-
lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on estimated future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available evidence at the date of review.
the impairment review includes cash flows from proved developed and undeveloped reserves, including any development expenditures necessary to achieve that production.
additionally, when probable and possible reserves exist, an appropriate risk-
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
long-lived assets committed by management for disposal within one year are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value, less cost to sell, with fair value determined using a binding negotiated price, if available, or present value of expected future cash flows as previously described.
-costs of maintenance and repairs, which are not significant improvements, are expensed when incurred.
property dispositions
-when complete units of depreciable property are sold, the asset cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated, with any gain or loss reflected in the "gain on dispositions" line of our consolidated income statement.
when partial units of depreciable property are disposed of or retired which do not significantly alter the dd&a rate, the difference between asset cost and salvage value is charged or credited to accumulated depreciation.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs
-the fair value of legal obligations to retire and remove long-lived assets are recorded in the period in which the obligation is incurred
fair value is estimated using a present value approach, incorporating assumptions about estimated amounts and timing of settlements and impacts of the use of technologies.
environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefit.
expenditures relating to an existing condition caused by past operations, and those having no future economic benefit, are expensed.
liabilities for environmental expenditures are recorded on an undiscounted basis (unless acquired through a business combination, which we record on a discounted basis) when environmental assessments or cleanups are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated.
recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is probable and estimable.
impairment of investments in nonconsolidated entities
-investments in nonconsolidated entities are assessed for impairment whenever changes in the facts and circumstances indicate a loss in value has occurred.
when such a condition is judgmentally determined to be other than temporary, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value.
the fair value of the impaired investment is based on quoted market prices, if available, or upon the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates and prices believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
-the fair value of a guarantee is determined and recorded as a liability at the time the guarantee is given.
the initial liability is subsequently reduced as we are released from exposure under the guarantee.
we amortize the guarantee liability over the relevant time period, if one exists, based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each type of guarantee.
in cases where the guarantee term is indefinite, we reverse the liability when we have information indicating the liability is essentially relieved or amortize it over an appropriate time period as the fair value of our guarantee exposure declines over time.
we amortize the guarantee liability to the related income statement line item based on the nature of the guarantee.
when it becomes probable that we will have to perform on a guarantee, we accrue a
separate liability if it is reasonably estimable, based on the facts and circumstances at that time.
we reverse the fair value liability only when there is no further exposure under the guarantee.
-based compensation expense over the shorter of the service period (i.e., the stated period of time required to earn the award) or the period beginning at the start of the service period and ending when an employee first becomes eligible for retirement.
we have elected to recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award, whether the award was granted with ratable or cliff vesting.
notes to consolidated financial statements
-deferred income taxes are computed using the liability method and are provided on all temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities, except for deferred taxes on income and temporary differences related to the cumulative translation adjustment considered to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries and foreign corporate joint ventures.
allowable tax credits are applied currently as reductions of the provision for income taxes.
interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in interest and debt expense, and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in production and operating expenses.
taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities
-sales and value-added taxes are recorded net.
also, this calculation includes fully vested stock and unit awards that have not yet been issued as common stock, along with an adjustment to net income (loss) for dividend equivalents paid on unvested unit awards that are considered participating securities.
diluted net income per share of common stock includes unvested stock, unit or option awards granted under our compensation plans and vested but unexercised stock options, but only to the extent these instruments dilute net income per share, primarily under the treasury-stock method.
diluted net loss per share, which is calculated the same as basic net loss per share, does not assume conversion or exercise of securities that would have an antidilutive effect.
the earnings per share impact of the participating securities is immaterial.
inventories valued on the lifo basis
note 3-asset acquisitions and dispositions all gains or losses on asset dispositions are reported before-tax and are included net in the "gain on dispositions"
all cash proceeds and payments are included in the "cash flows from investing activities" section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
during the year, we completed the acquisitions of concho resources inc. (concho) and of shell enterprises llc's
(shell) permian assets.
the acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations under fasb topic asc 805
using the acquisition method, which requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values.
fair value measurements were made for acquired assets and liabilities, and adjustments to those measurements may be made in subsequent periods, up to one year from the acquisition date as we identify new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date to consider.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
acquisition of concho resources inc.
in january 2021, we completed our acquisition of concho, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations across new mexico and west texas focused in the permian basin.
total consideration for the all-stock transaction was valued at $
billion, in which 1.46 shares of conocophillips common stock were exchanged for each outstanding share of concho common stock.
number of shares exchanged
exchange ratio
additional shares of conocophillips common stock issued as consideration (in thousands)
oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach incorporating market participant and internally generated price assumptions;
production profiles; and operating and development cost assumptions.
debt assumed in the acquisition was valued based on observable market prices.
the fair values determined for accounts receivable, accounts payable, and most other current assets and current liabilities were equivalent to the carrying value due to their short-term nature.
billion was allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities based on their fair values as of january 15, 2021.
assets acquired millions of dollars cash and cash equivalents
prepaid expenses and other current assets
investments and long-term receivables
other assets
total assets acquired
liabilities assumed accounts payable
employee benefit obligations
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
other liabilities and deferred credits
total liabilities assumed
net assets acquired
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k with the completion of the concho transaction, we acquired proved and unproved properties of approximately
million of transaction-related costs, all of which were expensed in the first quarter of 2021.
these non-recurring costs related primarily to fees paid to advisors and the settlement of share-
based awards for certain concho employees based on the terms of the merger agreement.
in the first quarter of 2021, we commenced a company-wide restructuring program, the scope of which included combining the operations of the two companies as well as other global restructuring activities.
we recognized non-recurring restructuring costs mainly for employee severance and related incremental pension benefit costs.
the impact from these transaction and restructuring costs to the lines of our consolidated income statement for the year ended december 31, 2021, are below:
millions of dollars transaction cost restructuring cost total cost production and operating expenses
on february 8, 2021, we completed a debt exchange offer related to the debt assumed from concho.
as a result of the debt exchange, we recognized an additional income tax related restructuring charge of $
from the acquisition date through december 31, 2021, "total revenues and other income" and "net income
associated with the acquired concho business were approximately $
the results associated with the concho business for the same period include a before- and after-tax loss of $
the before-tax loss is recorded within "total revenues and other income" on our consolidated income statement.
acquisition of shell permian assets in december 2021, we completed our acquisition of shell assets in the permian based delaware basin.
the accounting close date used for reporting purposes was december 31, 2021.
assets acquired include approximately
total consideration for the transaction was
oil and gas properties were valued using a discounted cash flow approach incorporating market participant and internally generated price assumptions ,
production profiles, and operating and development cost assumptions.
the fair values determined for accounts receivable, accounts payable, and most other current assets and current liabilities were equivalent to the carrying value due to their short-term nature.
billion was allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities based on their fair values at the acquisition date.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
assets acquired millions of dollars accounts receivable, net
other assets
total assets acquired
liabilities assumed accounts payable
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
other liabilities and deferred credits
total liabilities assumed
net assets acquired
with the completion of the shell permian transaction, we acquired proved and unproved properties of approximately $
million of transaction-
related costs which were expensed during 2021.
supplemental pro forma (unaudited)
the following tables summarize the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information fo r
the year ended december 31, 2021, and 2020, as if we had completed the acquisitions of concho and the shell permian assets on january 1, 2020.
pro forma pro forma as reported shell combined total revenues and other income
income (loss) before income taxes
pro forma pro forma pro forma as reported concho shell combined total revenues and other income
income (loss) before income taxes
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is presented for illustration purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred had the transactions been completed on january 1, 2020, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results of the combined entity.
the unaudited pro forma financial information for the twelve-month period ending december 31, 2020
is a result of combining the consolidated income statement of conocophillips with the results of concho and the assets acquired from shell.
the pro forma results do not include transaction-related costs, nor any cost savings anticipated as a result of the transactions.
the pro forma results include adjustments from concho's historical results to reverse impairment expense of $
other adjustments made relate primarily to dd&a, which is based on the unit-of-production method, resulting from the purchase price allocated to properties, plants and equipment.
we believe the estimates and assumptions are reasonable, and the relative effects of the transaction are properly reflected.
announced acquisitions in december 2021, we announced that we have notified origin energy that we are exercising our preemption right to purchase an additional
percent shareholding interest in aplng from origin energy for $
billion, which will be funded from cash on the balance sheet, before customary adjustments.
the effective date of the transaction will be july 1, 2020 with closing anticipated to occur in the first quarter of 2022 subject to australian government approval.
assets sold in 2020, we completed the sale of our australia
the sales agreement entitled us to a
million payment upon a final investment decision (fid) of the barossa development project.
million gain on disposition in the first quarter of 2021.
we have commenced an arbitration proceeding against the purchaser to enforce our contractual right to the $
results of operations related to this transaction are reflected in our asia pacific segment.
in the second half of 2021, we sold our interests in certain noncore assets in our lower 48 segment for approximately $
million after customary adjustments, recognizing a before-tax gain on sale of approximately
we also completed the sale of our noncore exploration interests in argentina, recognizing a before-
tax loss on disposition of $
results of operations for argentina were reported in our other international segment.
million relating to previous dispositions.
the contingent payments are recorded as gain on disposition on our consolidated income statement and are reflected within our canada and lower 48 segments.
in our canada segment, the contingent payment, calculated and paid on a quarterly basis, is $6 million cad for every $1 cad by which the wcs quarterly average crude price exceeds $52
the term for contingent payments in our canada segment ends on may 16, 2022.
the term for contingent payments in our lower 48
planned dispositions in december 2021, we entered into an agreement to sell two subsidiaries holding our indonesia assets and operations to medcoenergi for
billion, before customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1,
the net carrying value is approximately $
the assets met the held for sale criteria in the fourth quarter, and as of december 31, 2021, we have reclassified
billion of pp&e to "prepaid expenses and other current assets" and $
the before-tax earnings associated with our indonesia subsidiaries were $
million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively
this transaction is expected to close in early
2022, subject to regulatory approvals and other specific conditions precedent.
results of operations for the subsidiaries to be sold are reported within our asia pacific segment.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
in january 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our interests in certain noncore assets in the lower 48
segment for $
million, before customary adjustments.
this transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2022.
asset acquisition in august 2020, we completed the acquisition of additional montney acreage in canada from kelt exploration ltd.
for $
million in financing obligations associated with partially owned infrastructure.
this acquisition consisted primarily of undeveloped properties and included
net acres in the liquids-rich inga fireweed asset montney zone, which is directly adjacent to our existing montney position.
the transaction increased our montney acreage position to approximately
net acres with a
percent working interest.
this agreement was accounted for as an asset acquisition resulting in the recognition of $
million of aro and accrued environmental costs; and $
results of operations for the montney asset are reported in our canada segment.
assets sold in february 2020, we sold our waddell ranch interests in the permian basin for $
results of operations for the waddell ranch interests sold were reported in our lower 48 segment.
in march 2020, we completed the sale of our niobrara interests for approximately $
million after customary adjustments and recognized a before-tax loss on disposition of $
at the time of disposition, our interest in niobrara had a net carrying value of $
million of aro. the before-tax losses associated with our interests in niobrara, including the loss on disposition noted above and an impairment of $
million for the years ended december 31,
results of operations for the niobrara interests sold were reported in our lower 48 segment.
in may 2020, we completed the divestiture of our subsidiaries that held our australia
-west assets and operations, and based on an effective date of january 1, 2019, we received proceeds of $
we recognized a before-
million related to this transaction in 2020.
at the time of disposition, the net carrying value of the subsidiaries sold was approximately
the net carrying value consisted primarily of $
billion of other current assets offset by $
billion of deferred tax liabilities, and
billion of other liabilities.
the before-tax earnings associated with the subsidiaries sold, including the gain on disposition noted above, were $
million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
production from the beginning of the year through the disposition date in may 2020 averaged
the sales agreement entitled us to an additional $
million upon fid of the barossa development project.
results of operations for the subsidiaries sold were reported in our asia pacific segment.
assets sold in january 2019, we entered into agreements to sell our
we also entered into agreements to amend our contractual obligations for retaining use of the facilities.
as a result of entering into these agreements, we recorded a before
million in the first quarter of 2019 which is included in the "equity in earnings of affiliates"
results of operations for these assets were reported in our lower
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k in april 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for $
billion plus interest and customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2018.
on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale for proceeds of $
billion before-tax and $
billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction in 2019.
together the subsidiaries sold indirectly held our exploration and production assets in the u.k.
at the time of disposition, the net carrying value was approximately $
billion of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments, and $
billion of deferred tax assets, offset by $
billion of working capital.
the before-tax earnings associated with the subsidiaries sold, including the gain on dispositions noted above, was $
billion for the year ended december 31, 2019.
results of operations for the u.k. were reported within our europe, middle east and north africa segment.
percent interest in the greater sunrise fields to the government of timor-leste for $
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we sold our interests in the magnolia field and platform for net proceeds of $
million and recognized a before-tax gain of $
at the time of sale, the net carrying value consisted of $
the magnolia results of operations were reported within our lower
note 4-investments, loans and long-term receivables components of investments, loans and long-term receivables at december 31 were:
equity investments
long-term investments in debt securities
other investments
equity investments affiliated companies in which we had a significant equity investment at december 31, 2021, included:
percent owned joint venture with origin energy (
to produce cbm from the bowen and surat basins in queensland, australia, as well as process and export lng.
qatar liquefied gas company limited
percent owned joint venture with affiliates of qatarenergy (
percent) and mitsui & co., ltd. (
summarized 100 percent earnings information for equity method investments in affiliated companies, combined, was as follows:
income before income taxes
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
summarized 100 percent balance sheet information for equity method investments in affiliated companies, combined, was as follows:
current assets
noncurrent assets
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
our share of income taxes incurred directly by an equity method investee is reported in equity in earnings of affiliates, and as such is not included in income taxes on our consolidated financial statements.
aplng aplng is a joint venture focused on producing cbm from the bowen and surat basins in queensland, australia.
natural gas is sold to domestic customers and lng is processed and exported to asia pacific markets.
our investment in aplng gives us access to cbm resources in australia and enhances our lng position.
the majority of aplng lng is sold under two long-term sales and purchase agreements, supplemented with sales of additional lng spot cargoes targeting the asia pacific markets.
origin energy, an integrated australian energy company, is the operator of aplng's production and pipeline system, while we operate the lng facility.
aplng executed project financing agreements for an $
billion project finance facility in 2012.
all amounts were drawn from the facility.
aplng achieved financial completion on its original
billion project finance facility during the third quarter of 2017, resulting in the facility being nonrecourse.
the project financing facility has been refinanced over time and at december 31, 2021, this facility was composed of a financing agreement with the export-import bank of the united states, a commercial bank facility and two united states private placement note facilities.
aplng made its first principal and interest repayment in march 2017 and is scheduled to make bi-annual payments until september 2030.
billion was outstanding on the facilities.
during the fourth quarter of 2021, origin energy limited agreed to the sale of
percent of their interest in aplng for $
billion, before customary adjustments.
conocophillips announced in december 2021 that we were exercising our preemption right under the aplng shareholders agreement to purchase an additional
the sales price associated with this preemption right was determined to reflect a relevant observable market participant view of aplng's fair value which was below the carrying value of our existing investment in aplng.
based on a review of the facts and circumstances surrounding this decline in fair value, we concluded in the fourth quarter of 2021 the impairment was other than temporary under the guidance of fasb asc topic 323, and the recognition of an impairment of our existing investment was necessary.
million, before-tax and after-tax impairment in the fourth quarter of 2021.
the impairment, which is included in the "impairments" line on our consolidated income statement, had the effect of reducing the carrying value of our existing investment to $
this carrying value is included in the "investments and long-term receivables" line on our consolidated balance sheet.
notes to consolidated financial statements
percent share of net assets on the books of aplng was $
the basis difference, which is substantially all associated with pp&e and subject to amortization, has been allocated on a relative fair value basis to individual production license areas owned by aplng.
any future additional payments are expected to be allocated in a similar manner.
as the joint venture produces natural gas from each license, we amortize the basis difference allocated to that license using the unit-of-production method.
included in net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips for 2021, 2020 and 2019 was after-tax expense of $
we provided project financing, with a current outstanding balance of $
2021, the book value of our equity method investment in qg3, excluding the project financing, was
we have terminal and pipeline use agreements with golden pass lng terminal and affiliated golden pass pipeline near sabine pass, texas, intended to provide us with terminal and pipeline capacity for the receipt, storage and regasification of lng purchased from qg3.
currently, the lng from qg3 is being sold to markets outside of the u.s.
loans as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities.
included in such activity are loans to certain affiliated and non-affiliated companies.
which is recorded within the "accounts and notes receivable-related parties" line on our consolidated balance sheet.
billion of loans from export credit agencies (eca), $
the conocophillips loan facilities have substantially the same terms as the eca and commercial bank facilities.
on december 15, 2011, qg3 achieved financial completion and all project loan facilities became nonrecourse to the project participants.
note 5-investment in cenovus energy our investment in cenovus energy
(cve) common shares is carried on our balance sheet at fair value.
fair value (millions of dollars)
proceeds related to the sale of our cve shares are presented within "cash flows from investing activities" on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
subject to market conditions, we intend to continue to decrease our investment.
all gains and losses are recognized within "other income (loss)" on our consolidated income statement.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
total net gain (loss) on equity securities
less: net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period
unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities still held at the reporting date
note 6-suspended wells and exploration expenses the following table reflects the net changes in suspended exploratory well costs during 2021, 2020 and 2019:
additions pending the determination of proved reserves
million of assets held for sale in australia-west at december 31, 2019.
for additional details on suspended wells charged to dry hole expense, see the exploration expenses section of this note.
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one year or less
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year
million of assets held for sale in australia-west at december 31, 2019.
number of projects with exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one year
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the following table provides a further aging of those exploratory well costs that have been capitalized for more than one year since the completion of drilling as of december 31, 2021:
(1)additional appraisal wells planned.
(2)appraisal drilling complete; costs being incurred to assess development.
in our alaska segment, we recorded a before-tax impairment of $
million for the entire associated carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs related to our alaska north slope gas asset.
we no longer believe the project will advance, and there is no current market for the asset.
in our other international segment, our interests in the middle magdalena basin of colombia are in force majeure.
as we had no immediate plans to perform under existing contracts;
therefore, in 2020, we recorded a before-tax expense totaling $
million for dry hole costs of a previously suspended well and an impairment of the associated capitalized undeveloped leasehold carrying value.
in our asia pacific segment, we recorded before-tax expense of $
million related to dry hole costs of a previously suspended well and an impairment of the associated capitalized undeveloped leasehold carrying value associated with the kamunsu east field in malaysia that is no longer in our development plans.
in our lower 48 segment, we recorded a before-tax impairment of $
million for the associated carrying value of capitalized undeveloped leasehold costs and dry hole expenses of $
million before-tax due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities related to our central louisiana austin chalk acreage.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 7-impairments during 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recognized the following before-tax impairment charges:
million on our aplng investment included within the asia pacific segment.
in our lower 48 segment, we recorded a credit to impairment of $
million due to a decreased aro estimate for a previously sold asset, in which we retained the aro liability.
million during the fourth quarter of 2021, related to certain noncore assets due to changes in development plans.
in our europe, middle east and north africa segment, we recorded a credit to impairment of $
million, primarily related to certain noncore assets in the lower 48.
due to a significant decrease in the outlook for current and long-term natural gas prices in early 2020, we recorded impairments of $
million, primarily for the wind river basin operations area, consisting of developed properties in the madden field and the lost cabin gas plant, in the first quarter of 2020.
additionally, due primarily to changes in development plans solidified in the last quarter of 2020, we recognized additional impairments of $
million, primarily related to developed properties in our niobrara asset which were written down to fair value less costs to sell.
note 8-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs at december 31 were:
accrued environmental costs
total asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs due within one year*
long-term asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
*classified as a current liability on the balance sheet under "other accruals."
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of a liability for an aro when it is incurred (typically when the asset is installed at the production location).
when the liability is initially recorded, we capitalize the associated asset retirement cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related pp&e.
if, in subsequent periods, our estimate of this liability changes, we will record an adjustment to both the liability and pp&e.
over time, the liability increases for the change in its present value, while the capitalized cost depreciates over the useful life of the related asset.
reductions to estimated liabilities for assets that are no longer producing are recorded as a credit to impairment, if the asset had been previously impaired, or as a credit to dd&a, if the asset had not been previously impaired
we have numerous aros we are required to perform under law or contract once an asset is permanently taken out of service.
most of these obligations are not expected to be paid until several years, or decades, in the future and will be funded from general company resources at the time of removal.
our largest individual obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells and removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
during 2021 and 2020, our overall aro changed as follows:
changes in estimates of existing obligations
property dispositions
foreign currency translation
accrued environmental costs total accrued environmental costs at december 31, 2021 and 2020, were $
we had accrued environmental costs of $
million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
million of environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation at december 31,
in addition, both december 31, 2021 and 2020, included a $
million accrual, where the company has been named a potentially responsible party under the federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act, or similar state laws.
accrued environmental liabilities are expected to be paid over periods extending up to
expected expenditures for environmental obligations acquired in various business combinations are discounted using a weighted-average
percent discount factor, resulting in an accrued balance for acquired environmental liabilities of $
the total expected future undiscounted payments related to the portion of the accrued environmental costs that have been discounted are $
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
industrial development bonds due 2035 at
debt at face value
net unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k on january 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of concho in an all-stock transaction.
in the acquisition, we assumed concho's publicly traded debt, with an outstanding principal balance of $
billion, which was recorded at fair value of $
billion on the acquisition date.
the adjustment to fair value of the senior notes of approximately $
billion on the acquisition date will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining contractual terms of the senior notes.
in the first quarter of 2021, we completed a debt exchange offer related to the debt assumed from concho.
billion in aggregate principal amount of concho's senior notes offered in the exchange,
the new debt issued by conocophillips had the same interest rates and maturity dates as the concho senior notes.
the portion not exchanged, approximately
the debt exchange was treated as a debt modification for accounting purposes resulting in a portion of the unamortized fair value adjustment of the concho senior notes allocated to the new debt issued by conocophillips on the settlement date of the exchange.
the new debt issued in the exchange is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by conocophillips company.
we have a revolving credit facility totaling $
billion with an expiration date of may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $
million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $
million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
the amount of the facility is not subject to redetermination prior to its expiration date.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the facility agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports our ability to issue up to $
billion of commercial paper, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to
with no commercial paper outstanding and no direct borrowings or letters of credit, we had access to
billion in available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2021.
we had no direct borrowings, letters of credit, and $
for information on finance leases, see note 15
the current credit ratings on our long-term debt are:
fitch: "a" with a "stable" outlook
s&p: "a-" with a "stable" outlook
moody's: "a3" with a "positive" outlook
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, upon downgrade of our credit ratings.
if our credit ratings are downgraded from their current levels, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
outstanding with maturities ranging through 2035.
the vrdbs are redeemable at the option of the bondholders on any business day.
if they are ever redeemed, we have the ability and intent to refinance on a long-term basis, therefore, the vrdbs are included in the "long-term debt" line on our consolidated balance sheet.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 10-guarantees at december 31, 2021, we were liable for certain contingent obligations under various contractual arrangements as described below.
we recognize a liability, at inception, for the fair value of our obligation as a guarantor for newly issued or modified guarantees.
unless the carrying amount of the liability is noted below, we have not recognized a liability because the fair value of the obligation is immaterial.
in addition, unless otherwise stated, we are not currently performing with any significance under the guarantee and expect future performance to be either immaterial or have only a remote chance of occurrence.
aplng guarantees at december 31, 2021, we had outstanding multiple guarantees in connection with our
the following is a description of the guarantees with values calculated utilizing december 2021
exchange rates:
during the third quarter of 2016, we issued a guarantee to facilitate the withdrawal of our pro-rata portion of the funds in a project finance reserve account.
million and may become payable if an enforcement action is commenced by the project finance lenders against aplng.
at december 31, 2021, the carrying value of this guarantee is approximately
in conjunction with our original purchase of an ownership interest in aplng from origin energy in october 2008, we agreed to reimburse origin energy for our share of the existing contingent liability arising under guarantees of an existing obligation of aplng to deliver natural gas under several sales agreements.
our maximum potential liability for future payments, or cost of volume delivery, under these guarantees is estimated to be $
billion in the event of intentional or reckless breach) and would become payable if aplng fails to meet its obligations under these agreements and the obligations cannot otherwise be mitigated.
future payments are considered unlikely, as the payments, or cost of volume delivery, would only be triggered if aplng does not have enough natural gas to meet these sales commitments and if the co-ventures do not make necessary equity contributions into aplng.
we have guaranteed the performance of aplng with regard to certain other contracts executed in connection with the project's continued development.
million and would become payable if aplng does not perform.
at december 31, 2021, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
other guarantees we have other guarantees with maximum future potential payment amounts totaling approximately
million, which consist primarily of guarantees of the residual value of leased office buildings, guarantees of the residual value of corporate aircraft, and a guarantee for our portion of a joint venture's project finance reserve accounts.
these guarantees have remaining terms of one to five years and would become payable if certain asset values are lower than guaranteed amounts at the end of the lease or contract term, business conditions decline at guaranteed entities, or as a result of nonperformance of contractual terms by guaranteed parties.
at december 31, 2021, the carrying value of these guarantees was approximately $
indemnifications over the years, we have entered into agreements to sell ownership interests in certain legal entities, joint ventures and assets that gave rise to qualifying indemnifications.
these agreements include indemnifications for taxes and environmental liabilities.
the carrying amount recorded for these indemnifications at december 31, 2021, was approximately $
those related to environmental issues have terms that are generally indefinite and the maximum amounts of future payments are generally unlimited.
although it is reasonably possible future payments may exceed amounts recorded, due to the nature of the indemnifications, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments.
for additional information about environmental liabilities.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 11-contingencies and commitments a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips.
we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites.
we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
in the case of all known contingencies (other than those related to income taxes), we accrue a liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable.
if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the low end of the range is accrued.
we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries.
we accrue receivables for insurance or other third-party recoveries when applicable.
with respect to income tax-related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
, for additional information about income tax
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to accrued liabilities and other potential exposures.
estimates particularly sensitive to future changes include contingent liabilities recorded for environmental remediation, tax and legal matters.
estimated future environmental remediation costs are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to tax and legal matters are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
environmental we are subject to international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations and record accruals for environmental liabilities based on management's best estimates
these estimates are based on currently available facts, existing technology, and presently enacted laws and regulations, taking into account stakeholder and business considerations.
when measuring environmental liabilities, we also consider our prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites, other companies' cleanup experience, and data released by the u.s. epa or other organizations.
we consider unasserted claims in our determination of environmental liabilities, and we accrue them in the period they are both probable and reasonably estimable.
although liability of those potentially responsible for environmental remediation costs is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for other sites, we are usually only one of many companies cited at a particular site.
due to the joint and several liabilities, we could be responsible for all cleanup costs related to any site at which we have been designated as a potentially responsible party.
we have been successful to date in sharing cleanup costs with other financially sound companies.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the agency concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess the site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or may attain a settlement of liability.
where it appears that other potentially responsible parties may be financially unable to bear their proportional share, we consider this inability in estimating our potential liability, and we adjust our accruals accordingly.
as a result of various acquisitions in the past, we assumed certain environmental obligations.
some of these environmental obligations are mitigated by indemnifications made by others for our benefit, and some of the indemnifications are subject to dollar limits and time limits.
we are currently participating in environmental assessments and cleanups at numerous federal superfund and comparable state and international sites.
after an assessment of environmental exposures for cleanup and other costs, we make accruals on an undiscounted basis (except those acquired in a purchase business combination, which we record on a discounted basis) for planned investigation and remediation activities for sites where it is probable future costs will be incurred and these costs can be reasonably estimated.
we have not reduced these accruals for possible insurance recoveries.
in the future, we may be involved in additional environmental assessments, cleanups and proceedings.
, for a summary of our accrued environmental liabilities.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
litigation and other contingencies we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty and tax underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties, claims of alleged environmental contamination and damages from historic operations ,
and climate change.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
we have contingent liabilities resulting from throughput agreements with pipeline and processing companies not associated with financing arrangements.
under these agreements, we may be required to provide any such company with additional funds through advances and penalties for fees related to throughput capacity not utilized.
in addition, at december 31, 2021, we had performance obligations secured by letters of credit of $
million (issued as direct bank letters of credit)
related to various purchase commitments for materials, supplies, commercial activities and services incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in 2007, conocophillips was unable to reach agreement with respect to the empresa mixta structure mandated by the venezuelan government's nationalization decree.
as a result, venezuela's national oil company, petroleos de venezuela, s.a. (pdvsa), or its affiliates, directly assumed control over conocophillips' interests in the petrozuata and hamaca heavy oil ventures and the offshore corocoro development project.
in response to this expropriation, conocophillips initiated international arbitration on november 2, 2007, with the icsid.
on september 3, 2013, an icsid arbitration tribunal held that venezuela unlawfully expropriated conocophillips'
significant oil investments in june 2007.
on january 17, 2017, the tribunal reconfirmed the decision that the expropriation was unlawful.
billion in compensation for the government's unlawful expropriation of the company's investments in venezuela in 2007.
on august 29, 2019, the icsid tribunal issued a decision rectifying the award and reducing it by approximately $
the government of venezuela sought annulment of the award, which automatically stayed enforcement of the award.
on september 29, 2021, the icsid annulment committee lifted the stay of enforcement of the award.
the annulment proceedings have been suspended as a result of venezuela's non-payment of advances to cover the costs of these proceedings.
in 2014, conocophillips filed a separate and independent arbitration under the rules of the icc against pdvsa under the contracts that had established the petrozuata and hamaca projects.
billion under their agreements in connection with the expropriation of the projects and other pre-expropriation fiscal measures.
in august 2018, conocophillips entered into a settlement with pdvsa to recover the full amount of this icc award, plus interest through the payment period, including initial payments totaling approximately $500 million within a period of 90 days from the time of signing of the settlement agreement. the balance of the settlement is to be paid quarterly over a period of four and a half years.
per the settlement, pdvsa recognized the icc award as a judgment in various jurisdictions, and conocophillips agreed to suspend its legal enforcement actions.
conocophillips sent notices of default to pdvsa on october 14 and november 12, 2019, and to date pdvsa has failed to cure its breach.
as a result, conocophillips has resumed legal enforcement actions.
million in connection with the icc award.
conocophillips has ensured that the settlement and any actions taken in enforcement thereof meet all appropriate u.s. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the u.s. against venezuela.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k in 2016, conocophillips filed a separate and independent arbitration under the rules of the icc against pdvsa under the contracts that had established the corocoro project.
conocophillips is seeking recognition and enforcement of the award in various jurisdictions.
conocophillips has ensured that all the actions related to the award meet all appropriate u.s. regulatory requirements, including those related to any applicable sanctions imposed by the u.s. against venezuela.
the office of natural resources revenue (onrr) has conducted audits of conocophillips' payment of royalties on federal lands and has issued multiple orders to pay additional royalties to the federal government.
all orders and associated appeals have been withdrawn with prejudice.
beginning in 2017, governmental and other entities in several states in the u.s. have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
additional lawsuits with similar allegations are expected to be filed.
conocophillips believes these lawsuits are factually and legally meritless and are an inappropriate vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change and will vigorously defend against such lawsuits.
lawsuits under louisiana's state and local coastal resources management act (slcrma) against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages for contamination and erosion of the louisiana coastline allegedly caused by historical oil and gas operations.
conocophillips entities are defendants in
of the lawsuits and will vigorously defend against them.
because plaintiffs' slcrma theories are unprecedented, there is uncertainty about these claims (both as to scope and damages) and we continue to evaluate our exposure in these lawsuits
in october 2020, the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement
(bsee) ordered the prior owners of outer continental shelf (ocs) lease p-0166, including conocophillips, to decommission the lease facilities, including two offshore platforms located near carpinteria, california.
this order was sent after the current owner of ocs lease p-0166 relinquished the lease and abandoned the lease platforms and facilities.
bsee's order to conocophillips is premised on its connection to phillips petroleum company, a legacy company of conocophillips, which held a historical
percent interest in this lease and operated these facilities, but sold its interest approximately
conocophillips continues to evaluate our exposure in these lawsuits.
on may 10, 2021, conocophillips filed arbitration under the rules of the singapore international arbitration centre
(siac) against santos kotn pty ltd. and santos limited for their failure to timely pay the $
million bonus due upon fid of the barossa development project under the sale and purchase agreement.
santos kotn pty ltd. and santos limited have filed a response and counterclaim, and the arbitration is underway.
in july 2021, a federal securities class action was filed against concho, certain of concho's officers, and conocophillips as concho's successor in the united states district court for the southern district of texas.
on october 21, 2021, the court issued an order appointing utah retirement systems and the construction laborers pension trust for southern california as lead plaintiffs
on january 7, 2022, the lead plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint alleging that concho made materially false and misleading statements regarding its business and operations in violation of the federal securities laws and seeking unspecified damages, attorneys'
fees, costs, equitable/injunctive relief, and such other relief that may be deemed appropriate.
we believe the allegations in the action are without merit, and we intend to vigorously defend this litigation.
-or-pay agreements we have certain throughput agreements and take-or-pay agreements in support of financing arrangements.
the agreements typically provide for natural gas or crude oil transportation to be used in the ordinary course of business.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 12-derivative and financial instruments we use futures, forwards, swaps and options in various markets to meet our customer needs, capture market opportunities, and manage foreign exchange currency risk.
commodity derivative instruments our commodity business primarily consists of natural gas, crude oil, bitumen, lng and ngls.
commodity derivative instruments are held at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet.
related cash flows are recorded as operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
on our consolidated income statement, gains and losses are recognized either on a gross basis if directly related to our physical business or a net basis if held for trading.
gains and losses related to contracts that meet and are designated with the npns exception are recognized upon settlement.
we do not apply hedge accounting for our commodity derivatives.
the following table presents the gross fair values of our commodity derivatives, excluding collateral, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated balance sheet:
assets prepaid expenses and other current assets
other assets
liabilities other accruals
other liabilities and deferred credits
the gains (losses) from commodity derivatives incurred, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated income statement were:
purchased commodities
on january 15, 2021, we assumed financial derivative instruments consisting of oil and natural gas swaps in connection with the acquisition of concho.
at the acquisition date, the financial derivative instruments acquired were recognized at fair value as a net liability of $
million with settlement dates under the contracts through december 31, 2022.
during 2021, we recognized a loss on settlement of the contracts for
this loss associated with the acquired financial instruments is recorded within the "sales and other operating revenues" line on our consolidated income statement.
in connection with the settlement, we issued a cash payment of $
cash settlements related to the derivative contracts are presented within "cash flows from operating activities" on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the table below summarizes our material net exposures resulting from outstanding commodity derivative contracts:
open position long/(short)
commodity natural gas and power (billions of cubic feet equivalent)
foreign currency exchange derivatives we have foreign currency exchange rate risk resulting from international operations.
our foreign currency exchange derivative activity primarily relates to managing our cash
-related foreign currency exchange rate exposures, such as firm commitments for capital programs or local currency tax payments, dividends and cash returns from net investments in foreign affiliates, and investments in equity securities.
our foreign currency exchange derivative instruments are held at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet.
related cash flows are included within operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.
we do not elect hedge accounting on our foreign currency exchange derivatives.
the following table presents the gross fair values of our foreign currency exchange derivatives, excluding collateral, and the line items where they appear on our consolidated balance sheet:
assets prepaid expenses and other current assets
liabilities other accruals
the (gains) losses from foreign currency exchange derivatives incurred and the line item where they appear on our consolidated income statement were:
foreign currency transaction
(gains) losses
we had the following net notional position of outstanding foreign currency exchange derivatives:
foreign currency exchange derivatives buy british pound, sell euro gbp
sell british pound, buy euro gbp
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
at december 31, 2021, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts to buy $1.9 billion aud at
$0.715 aud against the u.s. dollar in anticipation of our future acquisition of an additional interest in aplng. at december 31, 2020, we had outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts to sell $0.45 billion cad at
$0.748 cad against the u.s. dollar
financial instruments we invest in financial instruments with maturities based on our cash forecasts for the various accounts and currency pools we manage.
the types of financial instruments in which we currently invest include:
time deposits: interest bearing deposits placed with financial institutions for a predetermined amount of time.
demand deposits:
interest bearing deposits placed with financial institutions.
deposited funds can be withdrawn without notice.
commercial paper: unsecured promissory notes issued by a corporation, commercial bank or government agency purchased at a discount to mature at par.
u.s. government or government agency obligations: securities issued by the u.s.
foreign government obligations:
securities issued by foreign governments.
unsecured debt securities issued by corporations.
asset-backed securities: collateralized debt securities.
the following investments are carried on our consolidated balance sheet at cost, plus accrued interest and the table reflects remaining maturities at december 31, 2021 and 2020:
millions of dollars carrying amount cash and cash equivalents short-term investments investments and long-
demand deposits
time deposits
within one year
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the following investments in debt securities classified as available for sale are carried at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2021 and
millions of dollars carrying amount cash and cash equivalents short-term investments investments and long-
major security type corporate bonds
u.s. government agency obligations
foreign government obligations
asset-backed securities
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments have remaining maturities within one year.
investments and long-term receivables have remaining maturities that vary from greater than one year through eight years.
the following table summarizes the amortized cost basis and fair value of investments in debt securities classified as available for sale at december 31:
millions of dollars amortized cost basis fair value
major security type corporate bonds
u.s. government agency obligations
foreign government obligations
asset-backed securities
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, total unrealized losses for debt securities classified as available for sale with net losses were negligible.
additionally, as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, investments in these debt securities in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded were negligible.
for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, proceeds from sales and redemptions of investments in debt securities classified as available for sale were
gross realized gains and losses included in earnings from those sales and redemptions were negligible.
the cost of securities sold and redeemed is determined using the specific identification method.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
credit risk financial instruments potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term investments in debt securities, otc derivative contracts and trade receivables.
our cash equivalents and short-term investments are placed in high-quality commercial paper, government money market funds, u.s. government and government agency obligations, time deposits with major international banks and financial institutions, high-quality corporate bonds, foreign government obligations and asset-backed securities.
our long-term investments in debt securities are placed in high-quality corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, u.s. government and government agency obligations, foreign government obligations, and time deposits with major international banks and financial institutions.
the credit risk from our otc derivative contracts, such as forwards, swaps and options, derives from the counterparty to the transaction.
individual counterparty exposure is managed within predetermined credit limits and includes the use of cash-call margins when appropriate, thereby reducing the risk of significant nonperformance.
we also use futures, swaps and option contracts that have a negligible credit risk because these trades are cleared primarily with an exchange clearinghouse and subject to mandatory margin requirements until settled; however, we are exposed to the credit risk of those exchange brokers for receivables arising from daily margin cash calls, as well as for cash deposited to meet initial margin requirements.
our trade receivables result primarily from our petroleum operations and reflect a broad national and international customer base, which limits our exposure to concentrations of credit risk.
the majority of these receivables have payment terms of
30 days or less , and we continually monitor this exposure and the creditworthiness of the counterparties.
we may require collateral to limit the exposure to loss including, letters of credit, prepayments and surety bonds, as well as master netting arrangements to mitigate credit risk with counterparties that both buy from and sell to us, as these agreements permit the amounts owed by us or owed to others to be offset against amounts due to us.
certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require us to post collateral if the derivative exposure exceeds a threshold amount. we have contracts with fixed threshold amounts and other contracts with variable threshold amounts that are contingent on our credit rating. the variable threshold amounts typically decline for lower credit ratings, while both the variable and fixed threshold amounts typically revert to zero if we fall below investment grade. cash is the primary collateral in all contracts; however, many also permit us to post letters of credit as collateral, such as transactions administered through the new york mercantile exchange.
the aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with such credit risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, was $
for these instruments, no collateral was posted as of december 31, 2021 or december 31, 2020.
if our credit rating had been downgraded below investment grade on december 31, 2021, we would have been required to post $
million of additional collateral, either with cash or letters of credit.
note 13-fair value measurement we carry a portion of our assets and liabilities at fair value that are measured at the reporting date using an exit price (i.e., the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability) and disclosed according to the quality of valuation inputs under the fair value hierarchy.
the classification of an asset or liability is based on the lowest level of input significant to its fair value.
those that are initially classified as level 3 are subsequently reported as level 2 when the fair value derived from unobservable inputs is inconsequential to the overall fair value, or if corroborated market data becomes available.
assets and liabilities initially reported as level 2 are subsequently reported as level 3 if corroborated market data is no longer available.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k recurring fair value measurement financial assets and liabilities reported at fair value on a recurring basis primarily include our investment in cve common shares, our investment s
in debt securities classified as available for sale, and commodity derivatives.
level 1 derivative assets and liabilities primarily represent exchange
-traded futures and options that are valued using unadjusted prices available from the underlying exchange.
level 1 also includes our investment in common shares of cve, which is valued using quotes for shares on the nyse, and our investments in u.s.
government obligations classified as available for sale debt securities, which are valued using exchange prices.
level 2 derivative assets and liabilities primarily represent otc swaps, options and forward purchase and sale contracts that are valued using adjusted exchange prices, prices provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are all corroborated by market data.
level 2 also includes our investments in debt securities classified as available for sale including investments in corporate bonds, commercial paper, asset-backed securities, u.s. government agency obligations and foreign government obligations that are valued using pricing provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are corroborated with market data.
level 3 derivative assets and liabilities consist of otc swaps, options and forward purchase and sale contracts where a significant portion of fair value is calculated from underlying market data that is not readily available.
the derived value uses industry standard methodologies that may consider the historical relationships among various commodities, modeled market prices, time value, volatility factors and other relevant economic measures.
the use of these inputs results in management's best estimate of fair value.
level 3 activity was not material for all periods presented.
the following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy for gross financial assets and liabilities (i.e., unadjusted where the right of setoff exists for commodity derivatives accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis):
total assets investment in cenovus energy
investments in debt securities
commodity derivatives
total assets
liabilities commodity derivatives
total liabilities
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the following table summarizes those commodity derivative balances subject to the right of setoff as presented on our consolidated balance sheet.
we have elected to offset the recognized fair value amounts for multiple derivative instruments executed with the same counterparty in our financial statements when a legal right of setoff exists.
assets
liabilities
assets
liabilities
non-recurring fair value measurement the following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy by major category and date of remeasurement for assets accounted for at fair value on a non-recurring basis:
millions of dollars fair value measurements using fair value level 1
inputs before-tax loss year ended december 31, 2021
net pp&e (held for use)
equity method investments december 31, 2021
net pp&e (held for use)
net pp&e (held for use)
during 2021 and 2020, the estimated fair value of certain noncore assets included in our lower 48 segment declined to amounts below the carrying values.
the carrying values were written down to fair value.
the fair values were estimated based on internal discounted cash flow models using the following estimated assumptions:
estimated future production, an outlook of future prices from a combination of exchanges (short-term) coupled with pricing service companies and our internal outlook
(long-term), future operating costs and capital expenditures, and a discount rate believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants.
the range and arithmetic average of significant unobservable inputs used in the level
3 fair value measurements for significant assets were as follows:
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k fair value
(arithmetic average)
discounted cash flow commodity production
commodity price outlook*
*commodity price outlook based on a combination of external pricing service companies' and our internal outlook for years 2024-2050; future prices escalated at
**determined as the weighted average cost of capital of a group of peer companies, adjusted for risks where appropriate.
fair value
(arithmetic average)
*henry hub natural gas price outlook based on a combination of external pricing service companies' outlooks for years 2022-2034; future prices escalated at
**determined as the weighted average cost of capital of a group of peer companies, adjusted for risks where appropriate.
fair value
(arithmetic average)
central basin platform
discounted cash flow commodity production
commodity price outlook*
*commodity price outlook based on a combination of external pricing service companies' and our internal outlook for years 2023-2050; future prices escalated at
**determined as the weighted average cost of capital of a group of peer companies, adjusted for risks where appropriate.
equity method investments during the fourth quarter of 2021, origin energy limited agreed to the sale of
percent of their interest in aplng for $
billion, before customary adjustments.
conocophillips announced in december 2021 that we were exercising our preemption right under the aplng shareholders agreement to purchase an additional 10 percent shareholding interest in aplng, subject to government approvals.
the sales price associated with this preemption right was determined to reflect a relevant observable market participant view of aplng's fair value which was below the carrying value of our existing investment in aplng.
as such, our investment in aplng was written down to its fair value of $
million, resulting in a before-tax charge of $
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
reported fair values of financial instruments we used the following methods and assumptions to estimate the fair value of financial instruments:
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments:
the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
for those investments classified as available for sale debt securities, the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet is fair value.
accounts and notes receivable (including long-term and related parties): the carrying amount reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
the valuation technique and methods used to estimate the fair value of the current portion of fixed
-rate related party loans is consistent with loans and advances-
investment in cenovus energy:
for a discussion of the carrying value and fair value of our investment in cve common shares.
investments in debt securities classified as available for sale: the fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as level
1 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using exchange prices.
the fair value of investments in debt securities categorized as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy is measured using pricing provided by brokers or pricing service companies that are corroborate d
with market data.
loans and advances-related parties: the carrying amount of floating-rate loans approximates fair value.
the fair value of fixed-rate loan activity is measured using market observable data and is categorized as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
the carrying amount of accounts payable and floating-rate debt reported on the balance sheet approximates fair value.
fixed-rate debt: the estimated fair value of fixed-rate debt is measured using prices available from a
pricing service that is corroborated by market data; therefore, these liabilities are categorized as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
commercial paper: the carrying amount of our commercial paper instruments approximates fair value and is reported on the balance sheet as short-term debt
the following table summarizes the net fair value of financial instruments
(i.e., adjusted where the right of setoff exists for commodity derivatives):
millions of dollars carrying amount fair value
financial assets investment in cve common shares
commodity derivatives
investments in debt securities
financial liabilities total debt, excluding finance leases
commodity derivatives
commodity derivatives at december 31, 2021, commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented net with no obligation to return cash collateral and $
at december 31, 2020, commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented net with $
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 14-equity common stock the changes in our shares of common stock, as categorized in the equity section of the balance sheet, were:
acquisition of concho
distributed under benefit plans
million shares of preferred stock, par value $
noncontrolling interests in the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestiture of our subsidiaries that held our australia
-west assets and operations.
these assets included the darwin lng and bayu-darwin pipeline operating joint ventures in which there was a noncontrolling interest.
as a result, as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no noncontrolling interests.
repurchase of common stock in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program, which has a current total program authorization of $
note 15-non-mineral leases the company primarily leases office buildings and drilling equipment, as well as ocean transport vessels, tugboats, corporate aircraft, and other facilities and equipment.
certain leases include escalation clauses for adjusting rental payments to reflect changes in price indices and other leases include payment provisions that vary based on the nature of usage of the leased asset.
additionally, the company has executed certain leases that provide it with the option to extend or renew the term of the lease, terminate the lease prior to the end of the lease term, or purchase the leased asset as of the end of the lease term.
in other cases, the company has executed lease agreements that require it to guarantee the residual value of certain leased office buildings.
for additional information about guarantees, see note 10
there are no significant restrictions imposed on us by the lease agreements with regard to dividends, asset dispositions or borrowing ability.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
we adopted the provisions of fasb asu no. 2016-02, "leases" (asc topic 842) and its amendments, beginning january 1, 2019.
this asu superseded the requirements in fasb asc topic 840 "leases"
only the lease components of these contractual arrangements are subject to the provisions of asc topic
842, and any non-lease components are subject to other applicable accounting guidance; however, we have elected to adopt the optional practical expedient not to separate lease components apart from non-lease components for accounting purposes.
this policy election has been adopted for each of the company's leased asset classes existing as of the effective date and subject to the transition provisions of asc topic 842 and will be applied to all new or modified leases executed on or after january 1, 2019.
for contractual arrangements executed in subsequent periods involving a new leased asset class, the company will determine at contract inception whether it will apply the optional practical expedient to the new leased asset class.
leases are evaluated for classification as operating or finance leases at the commencement date of the lease and right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheet based on the present value of future lease payments relating to the use of the underlying asset during the lease term.
future lease payments include variable lease payments that depend upon an index or rate using the index or rate at the commencement date and probable amounts owed under residual value guarantees.
the amount of future lease payments may be increased to include additional payments related to lease extension, termination, and/or purchase options when the company has determined, at or subsequent to lease commencement, generally due to limited asset availability or operating commitments, it is reasonably certain of exercising such options.
we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate in determining the present value of future lease payments, unless the interest rate implicit in the lease arrangement is readily determinable.
lease payments that vary subsequent to the commencement date based on future usage levels, the nature of leased asset activities, or certain other contingencies are not included in the measurement of lease right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities.
we have elected not to record assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet for lease arrangements with terms of 12 months or less.
we often enter into leasing arrangements acting in the capacity as operator for and/or on behalf of certain oil and gas joint ventures of undivided interests.
if the lease arrangement can be legally enforced only against us as operator and there is no separate arrangement to sublease the underlying leased asset to our coventurers, we recognize at lease commencement a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a gross basis.
while we record lease costs on a gross basis in our consolidated income statement and statement of cash flows, such costs are offset by the reimbursement we receive from our coventurers for their share of the lease cost as the underlying leased asset is utilized in joint venture activities.
if we are a nonoperating coventurer, we recognize a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability only if we were a specified contractual party to the lease arrangement and the arrangement could be legally enforced against us.
in this circumstance, we would recogni ze both the right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability on our consolidated balance sheet on a proportional basis consistent with our undivided interest ownership in the related joint venture.
the company has historically recorded certain finance leases executed by investee companies accounted for under the proportionate consolidation method of accounting on its consolidated balance sheet on a proportional basis consistent with its ownership interest in the investee company.
in addition, the company has historically recorded finance lease assets and liabilities associated with certain oil and gas joint ventures on a proportional basis pursuant to accounting guidance applicable prior to january 1, 2019.
in accordance with the transition provisions of asc topic 842, and since we have elected to adopt the package of optional transition-related practical expedients, the historical accounting treatment for these leases has been carried forward and is subject to reconsideration upon the modification or other required reassessment of the arrangements prior to lease term expiration.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the following table summarizes the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for both the operating and finance leases on our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31:
operating leases finance leases operating leases finance leases right-of-use assets properties, plants and equipment gross
prepaid expenses and other current assets
other assets
lease liabilities short-term debt
other liabilities and deferred credits
total lease liabilities
includes proportionately consolidated finance lease assets of $
includes proportionately consolidated finance lease liabilities of $
includes proportionately consolidated finance lease liabilities of $
the following table summarizes our lease costs:
finance lease cost amortization of right-of-use assets
interest on lease liabilities
*** variable lease cost and sublease income are immaterial for the periods presented and therefore are not included in the table above
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the following table summarizes other lease information:
other information
cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities operating cash flows from operating leases
right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities
right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities
in addition, pursuant to other applicable accounting guidance, lease payments made in connection with preparing another asset for its intended use are reported in the "cash flows from investing activities" section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
the following table summarizes future lease payments for operating and finance leases at december 31, 2021:
millions of dollars operating leases finance leases maturity of lease liabilities
total lease liabilities
*future lease payments for operating and finance leases commencing on or after january 1, 2019, also include payments related to non-lease components in accordance with our election to adopt the optional practical expedient not to separate lease components apart from non-lease components for accounting purposes.
in addition, future payments related to operating and finance leases proportionately consolidated by the company have been included in the table on a proportionate basis consistent with our respective ownership interest in the underlying investee company or oil and gas venture.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 16-employee benefit plans pension and postretirement plans an analysis of the projected benefit obligations for our pension plans and accumulated benefit obligations for our postretirement health and life insurance plans follows:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
change in benefit obligation benefit obligation at january 1
plan participant contributions
benefits paid
recognition of termination benefits
foreign currency exchange rate change
benefit obligation at december 31
*accumulated benefit obligation portion of above at december 31:
change in fair value of plan assets fair value of plan assets at january
actual return on plan assets
company contributions
plan participant contributions
benefits paid
foreign currency exchange rate change
fair value of plan assets at december 31
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
noncurrent assets
current liabilities
noncurrent liabilities
weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at december 31
interest crediting rate for applicable benefits
weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for years ended december 31
expected return on plan assets
interest crediting rate for applicable benefits
for both u.s. and international pension plans, the overall expected long-term rate of return is developed from the expected future return of each asset class, weighted by the expected allocation of pension assets to that asset class.
we rely on a variety of independent market forecasts in developing the expected rate of return for each class of assets.
during 2021, the actuarial gains related to the benefit obligations for u.s. and international plans were primarily related to an increase in the discount rates.
during 2020 and 2019, the actuarial losses related to the benefit obligations for u.s. and international plans were primarily related to a decrease in the discount rates.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the following tables summarize information related to the company's pension plans with projected and accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of the plans'
assets:
millions of dollars pension benefits
pension plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets projected benefit obligation
fair value of plan assets
pension plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets accumulated benefit obligation
fair value of plan assets
included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at december 31 were the following before-tax amounts that had not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
(credit)
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
sources of change in other comprehensive income (loss)
net change during the period
prior service credit (cost) arising during the period
amortization of prior service (credit)
net change during the period
*includes settlement (gains) losses recognized in 2021 and 2020.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the components of net periodic benefit cost of all defined benefit plans are presented in the following table:
millions of dollars pension benefits other benefits
components of net periodic benefit cost service cost
expected return on plan assets
amortization of prior service credit
net periodic benefit cost
the components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are included in the "other expenses" line item on our consolidated income statement.
million in 2019 as lump-sum benefit payments from certain u.s. and international pension plans exceeded the sum of service and interest costs for those plans and led to recognition of settlement losses.
in determining net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, we amortize prior service costs on a straight-
line basis over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plan.
for net actuarial gains and losses, we amortize
we have multiple non-pension postretirement benefit plans for health and life insurance.
the health care plans are contributory and subject to various cost sharing features, with participant and company contributions adjusted annually; the life insurance plans are noncontributory.
the measurement of the u.s. pre-65 retiree medical accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of
retiree medical accumulated postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k plan assets we follow a policy of broadly diversifying pension plan assets across asset classes and individual holdings.
as a result, our plan assets have no significant concentrations of credit risk.
asset classes that are considered appropriate include u.s. equities, non-u.s. equities, u.s. fixed income, non-u.s. fixed income, real estate and private equity investments.
plan fiduciaries may consider and add other asset classes to the investment program from time to time.
the target allocations for plan assets are
percent equity securities,
percent debt securities,
generally, the plan investments are publicly traded, therefore minimizing liquidity risk in the portfolio.
the following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the pension plan assets.
there have been no changes in the methodologies used at december 31, 2021 and
fair values of equity securities and government debt securities categorized in level
1 are primarily based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
fair values of corporate debt securities, agency and mortgage-backed securities and government debt securities categorized in level
2 are estimated using recently executed transactions and quoted market prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active.
if there have been no market transactions in a particular fixed income security, its fair value is calculated by pricing models that benchmark the security against other securities with actual market prices.
when observable quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based on pricing models that use something other than actual market prices (e.g., observable inputs such as benchmark yields, reported trades and issuer spreads for similar securities), and these securities are categorized in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
fair values of investments in common/collective trusts are determined by the issuer of each fund based on the fair value of the underlying assets.
fair values of mutual funds are based on quoted market prices, which represent the net asset value of shares held.
time deposits are valued at cost, which approximates fair value.
cash is valued at cost, which approximates fair value.
fair values of international cash equivalents categorized in level 2 are valued using observable yield curves, discounting and interest rates.
u.s. cash balances held in the form of short-term fund units that are redeemable at the measurement date are categorized as level 2.
fair values of exchange
-traded derivatives classified in level 1 are based on quoted market prices.
for other derivatives classified in level 2, the values are generally calculated from pricing models with market input parameters from third
fair values of insurance contracts are valued at the present value of the future benefit payments owed by the insurance company to the plans' participants.
fair values of real estate investments are valued using real estate valuation techniques and other methods that include reference to third-party sources and sales comparables where available.
a portion of u.s. pension plan assets is held as a participating interest in an insurance annuity contract, which is calculated as the market value of investments held under this contract, less the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
the participating interest is classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as the fair value is determined via a combination of quoted market prices, recently executed transactions, and an actuarial present value computation for contract obligations.
at december 31, 2021, the participating interest in the annuity contract was valued at $
million in debt securities, less $
million for the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
at december 31, 2020, the participating interest in the annuity contract was valued at $
million in debt securities, less $
million for the accumulated benefit obligation covered by the contract.
the participating interest is not available for meeting general pension benefit obligations in the near term.
no future company contributions are required and no new benefits are being accrued under this insurance annuity contract.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the fair values of our pension plan assets at december 31, by asset class were as follows:
equity securities u.s.
debt securities corporate
total in fair value hierarchy
investments measured at net asset value*
equity securities common/collective trusts
debt securities common/collective trusts
*in accordance with fasb asc topic 715, "compensation-retirement benefits,"
certain investments that are to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
the fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the change in fair value of plan assets.
**excludes the participating interest in the insurance annuity contract with a net asset of $
million and net receivables related to security transactions of $
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the fair values of our pension plan assets at december 31, by asset class were as follows:
equity securities u.s.
debt securities corporate
total in fair value hierarchy
investments measured at net asset value*
equity securities common/collective trusts
debt securities common/collective trusts
*in accordance with fasb asc topic 715, "compensation-retirement benefits,"
certain investments that are to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
the fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the change in fair value of plan assets.
**excludes the participating interest in the insurance annuity contract with a net asset of $
million and net receivables related to security transactions of $
level 3 activity was not material for all periods.
our funding policy for u.s. plans is to contribute at least the minimum required by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.
contributions to foreign plans are dependent upon local laws and tax regulations.
million to our domestic qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans and $
million to our international qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the following benefit payments, which are exclusive of amounts to be paid from the insurance annuity contract and which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid:
millions of dollars pension other benefits benefits u.s.
the following table summarizes our severance accrual activity:
benefit payments
accruals include severance costs associated with our company-wide restructuring program.
defined contribution plans most u.s. employees are eligible to participate in the conocophillips savings plan (cpsp).
employees can deposit up to
percent of their eligible pay, subject to statutory limits, in the cpsp to a choice of
investment options.
percent company cash match with a potential company discretionary cash contribution of up to
effective january 1, 2019, new employees, rehires, and employees that elected to opt out of title ii of the conocophillips retirement plan are eligible to receive a company retirement contribution (crc) of
after three years of service with the company, the employee is
company contributions charged to expense for the cpsp and predecessor plans were $
we have several defined contribution plans for our international employees, each with its own terms and eligibility depending on location.
total compensation expense recognized for these international plans was approximately
share-based compensation plans the 2014 omnibus stock and performance incentive plan of conocophillips (the plan) was approved by shareholders in may 2014, replacing similar prior plans and providing that no new awards shall be granted under the prior plans.
over its
million shares of our common stock for compensation to our employees and directors; however, as of the effective date of the plan, (i) any shares of common stock available for future awards under the prior plans and (ii) any shares of common stock represented by awards granted under the plan or the prior plans that are forfeited, expire or are cancelled without delivery of shares of common stock or which result in the forfeiture of shares of common stock back to the company shall be available for awards under the plan.
million shares available for issuance under the plan, no more than
million shares of common stock are available for incentive stock options.
the human resources and compensation committee of our board of directors is authorized to determine the types, terms, conditions and limitations of awards granted.
awards may be granted in the form of, but not limited to, stock options, restricted notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k stock units and performance share units to employees and non-employee directors who contribute to the company's continued success and profitability.
total share-based compensation expense is measured using the grant date fair value for our equity-classified awards and the settlement date fair value for our liability-classified awards.
-based compensation expense over the shorter of the service period (i.e., the stated period of time required to earn the award); or the period beginning at the start of the service period and ending when an employee first becomes eligible for retirement, but not less than six months, as this is the minimum period of time required for an award to not be subject to forfeiture.
our share-based compensation programs generally provide accelerated vesting (i.e., a waiver of the remaining period of service required to earn an award) for awards held by employees at the time of their retirement.
we recognize expense on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award, whether the award was granted with ratable or cliff vesting.
-total share-based compensation expense recognized in net income (loss) and the associated tax benefit were:
tax benefit
stock options
-stock options granted under the provisions of the plan and prior plans permit purchase of our common stock at exercise prices equivalent to the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock on the date the options were granted.
the options have terms of 10 years and generally vest ratably, with one-third of the options awarded vesting and becoming exercisable on each anniversary date following the date of grant.
options awarded to certain employees already eligible for retirement vest within six months of the grant date, but those options do not become exercisable until the end of the normal vesting period.
beginning in 2018, stock option grants were discontinued and replaced with three-year, time-vested restricted stock units which generally will be cash-settled for 2018 and 2019 awards and stock-settled beginning with 2020 awards.
the following summarizes our stock option activity for the year ended december 31, 2021:
millions of dollars weighted-average aggregate options exercise price intrinsic value outstanding at december 31, 2020
the weighted-average remaining contractual term of outstanding options, vested options and exercisable options at december 31, 2021, were all
the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was
million in cash and realized a tax benefit of $
million from the exercise of options.
at december 31, 2021, all outstanding stock options were fully vested and there was no remaining compensation cost to be recorded.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
stock unit program-
generally, restricted stock units are granted annually under the provisions of the plan and vest in an aggregate installment on the third anniversary of the grant date.
in addition, restricted stock units granted under the plan for a variable long-term incentive program vest ratably in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date.
restricted stock units are also granted ad hoc to attract or retain key personnel, and the terms and conditions under which these restricted stock units vest vary by award.
stock-settled upon vesting, these restricted stock units are settled by issuing one share of conocophillips common stock per unit.
units awarded to retirement eligible employees vest six months from the grant date; however, those units are not issued as common stock until the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period.
until issued as stock, most recipients of the restricted stock units receive a cash payment of a dividend equivalent or an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to retained earnings.
the grant date fair market value of these restricted stock units is deemed equal to the average conocophillips stock price on the grant date.
the grant date fair market value of units that do not receive a dividend equivalent while unvested is deemed equal to the average conocophillips stock price on the grant date, less the net present value of the dividends that will not be received.
-settled stock unit activity for the year ended december 31, 2021:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2020
forfeited
at december 31, 2021, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost from the unvested stock-settled units was
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock unit awards granted during 2020 and 2019 was $
the total fair value of stock units issued during 2020 and 2019 was $
cash-settled cash settled executive restricted stock units granted in 2018 and
2019 replaced the stock option program.
these restricted stock units, subject to elections to defer, will be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet.
units awarded to retirement eligible employees vest six months from the grant date; however, those units are not settled until the earlier of separation from the company or the end of the regularly scheduled vesting period.
compensation expense is initially measured using the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock and is subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the conocophillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the settlement date.
the accrued reinvested dividend is paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
beginning with executive restricted stock units granted in 2020 awards will be settled in stock.
notes to consolidated financial statements
-settled stock unit activity for the year ended december 31, 2021:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2020
forfeited
at december 31, 2021, there was no remaining unrecognized compensation cost to be recorded for the unvested cash-settled units.
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock unit awards granted during
the total fair value of stock units issued during 2020 and 2019 were negligible and $
performance share program
-under the plan, we also annually grant restricted performance share units (psus) to senior management.
these psus are authorized three years prior to their effective grant date (the performance period).
compensation expense is initially measured using the average fair market value of conocophillips common stock and is subsequently adjusted, based on changes in the conocophillips stock price through the end of each subsequent reporting period, through the grant date for stock
-settled awards and the settlement date for cash-settled awards.
stock-settled for performance periods beginning before
2009, psus do not vest until the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55
with five years of service, and restrictions do not lapse until the employee separates from the company.
with respect to awards for performance periods beginning in 2009 through 2012, psus do not vest until the earlier of the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement by reaching age 55 with five years of service or five years after the grant date of the award, and restrictions do not lapse until the earlier of the employee's separation from the company or five years after the grant date (although recipients can elect to defer the lapsing of restrictions until separation).
we recognize compensation expense for these awards beginning on the grant date and ending on the date the psus are scheduled to vest.
since these awards are authorized three years prior to the effective grant date, for employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant.
beginning in 2013, psus authorized for future grants will vest, absent employee election to defer, upon settlement following the conclusion of the three-year performance period.
we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the conclusion of the performance period.
psus are settled by issuing one share of conocophillips common stock per unit.
-settled performance share program activity for the year ended december 31, 2021:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2020
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
at december 31, 2021, there was no remaining unrecognized compensation cost to be recorded on the unvested stock-settled performance share s.
the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-settled psus granted during 2020 and 2019 was $
the total fair value of stock-settled psus issued during
cash-settled in connection with and immediately following the separation of our downstream businesses in 2012, grants of new psus, subject to a shortened performance period, were authorized.
once granted, these psus vest, absent employee election to defer, on the earlier of five years after the grant date of the award or the date the employee becomes eligible for retirement.
for employees eligible for retirement by or shortly after the grant date, we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending on the date of grant.
these psus are settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and thus are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet.
beginning in 2013, psus authorized for future grants will vest upon settlement following the conclusion of the three-year performance period.
we recognize compensation expense over the period beginning on the date of authorization and ending at the conclusion of the performance period.
these psus will be settled in cash equal to the fair market value of a share of conocophillips common stock per unit on the settlement date and are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet.
for performance periods beginning before
2018, during the performance period, recipients of the psus do not receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent, but after the performance period ends, until settlement in cash occurs, recipients of the psus receive a quarterly cash payment of a dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
for the performance period beginning in 2018, recipients of the psus receive an accrued reinvested dividend equivalent that is charged to compensation expense.
the accrued reinvested dividend is paid at the time of settlement, subject to the terms and conditions of the award.
-settled performance share program activity for the year ended december 31, 2021:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2020
at december 31, 2021, all outstanding cash-settled performance awards were fully vested and there was no remaining compensation cost to be recorded.
the weighted-average grant date fair value of cash-settled psus granted during 2020 and 2019 was $
the total fair value of cash-settled performance share awards settled during 2020 and 2019 was $
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k from inception of the performance share program through 2013, approved psu awards were granted after the conclusion of performance periods.
beginning in february 2014, initial target psu awards are issued near the beginning of new performance periods.
these initial target psu awards will terminate at the end of the performance periods and will be settled after the performance periods have ended.
also in 2014, initial target psu awards were issued for open performance periods that began in prior years.
for the open performance period beginning in 2012, the initial target psu awards terminated at the end of the three-year performance period and were replaced with approved psu awards.
for the open performance period beginning in
2013, the initial target psu awards terminated at the end of the three-year performance period and were settled after the performance period ended.
there is no effect on recognition of compensation expense.
-in addition to the above active programs, we have outstanding shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were either issued as part of our non-employee director compensation program for current and former members of the company's board of directors, as part of an executive compensation program that has been discontinued or acquired as a result of an acquisition.
generally, the recipients of the restricted shares or units receive a dividend or dividend equivalent.
the following summarizes the aggregate activity of these restricted shares and units for the year ended december 31, 2021:
weighted-average millions of dollars stock units grant date fair value total fair value outstanding at december 31, 2020
years. the weighted-average grant date fair value of awards granted during
the total fair value of awards issued during 2020 and 2019 was $
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 17-income taxes components of income tax provision
(benefit) were:
foreign current
total tax provision (benefit)
deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes.
major components of deferred tax liabilities and assets at december 31 were:
deferred tax liabilities pp&e and intangibles
total deferred tax liabilities
deferred tax assets benefit plan accruals
asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs
investments in joint ventures
other financial accruals and deferrals
loss and credit carryforwards
total deferred tax assets
total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance
net deferred tax liabilities
at december 31, 2021, noncurrent assets and liabilities included deferred taxes of $
at december 31, 2020, noncurrent assets and liabilities included deferred taxes of $
at december 31, 2021, the loss and credit carryforward deferred tax assets were primarily related to u.s.
foreign tax credit carryforwards of $
billion and various jurisdictions net operating loss and credit carryforwards of $
if not utilized, u.s. foreign tax credits and net operating losses will begin to expire in 2022.
our overall deferred tax liability increased during 2021 by $
billion due to our concho acquisition.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the following table shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending deferred tax asset valuation allowance for for 2021, 2020 and 2019:
charged to expense (benefit)
*represents changes due to originating deferred tax asset that have no impact to our effective tax rate, acquisitions/dispositions/revisions and the effect of translating foreign financial statements.
valuation allowances have been established to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized.
at december 31, 2021, we have maintained a valuation allowance with respect to substantially all u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards as well as certain net operating loss carryforwards for various jurisdictions.
during 2021, the valuation allowance movement charged to earnings primarily relates to the fair value measurement of our cve common shares that are not expected to be realized, and the expected realization of certain u.s. tax attributes associated with our planned disposition of our indonesia assets.
this is partially offset by australian tax benefits associated with our impairment of aplng that we do not expect to be realized.
based on our historical taxable income, expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will primarily be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities.
for more information on our pending indonesia disposition see note 3
during 2020, the valuation allowance movement charged to earnings primarily related to capital losses in australia and to the fair value measurement of our cve common shares that are not expected to be realized.
on december 2, 2019, the internal revenue service finalized foreign tax credit regulations related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
million of net deferred tax assets.
million of existing foreign tax credit carryovers where recognition was previously considered to be remote.
present legislation still makes their realization unlikely and therefore these credits have been offset with a full valuation allowance.
at december 31, 2021, unremitted income considered to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries and foreign corporate joint ventures totaled approximately $
deferred income taxes have not been provided on this amount, as we do not plan to initiate any action that would require the payment of income taxes.
the estimated amount of additional tax, primarily local withholding tax, that would be payable on this income if distributed is approximately
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
the following table shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits for 2021,
additions based on tax positions related to the current year
additions for tax positions of prior years
reductions for tax positions of prior years
included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for 2021, 2020 and 2019 were $
the balance of the unrecognized tax benefits increased in 2021 mainly due to u.s. tax credits acquired through our concho acquisition.
the balance of the unrecognized tax benefits increased in 2019 mainly due to the treatment of our pdvsa settlement.
at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, accrued liabilities for interest and penalties totaled $
million in 2020, and benefit to earnings of $
we file tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and in many foreign and state jurisdictions.
audits in major jurisdictions are generally complete as follows: canada (2016), u.s. (2017)
issues in dispute for audited years and audits for subsequent years are ongoing and in various stages of completion in the many jurisdictions in which we operate around the world.
consequently, the balance in unrecognized tax benefits can be expected to fluctuate from period to period.
within the next twelve months, we may have audit periods close that could significantly impact our total unrecognized tax benefits.
it is reasonably possible such changes could be significant when compared with our total unrecognized tax benefits, but the amount of change is not estimable.
in january 2022, the irs closed the 2017 audit of our u.s. federal income tax return.
million federal tax benefit related to the recovery of outside tax basis previously offset by a full reserve.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k the amounts of u.s. and foreign income
(loss) before income taxes, with a reconciliation of tax at the federal statutory rate to the provision for income taxes, were:
income (loss) before income taxes united states
foreign
tax impact of debt restructuring
australia disposition
u.k. disposition
enhanced oil recovery credit
our effective tax rate for 2021 was driven by our jurisdictional tax rates for this profit mix with net favorable impacts from routine tax credits and valuation allowance adjustments.
the valuation allowance adjustment is primarily related to the fair value measurement and disposition of our cve common shares of $
million and the ability to utilize the u.s. foreign tax credit and capital loss carryforward due to our anticipated disposition of our indonesia entities of $
million. this was partially offset by an increase to our valuation allowance related to the tax impact of the impairment of our aplng investment of $
million for which we do not expect to receive a tax benefit.
our effective tax rate for 2020 was impacted by the disposition of our australia-west assets as well as the valuation allowance related to the fair value measurement of our cve common shares.
the australia-west disposition generated a before-tax gain of $
million with an associated tax benefit of $
million and resulted in the de-recognition of deferred tax assets resulting in $
the disposition also generated an australia capital loss tax benefit of $
due to changes in the fair market value of cve common shares, the valuation allowance was increased by $
million to offset the expected capital loss.
our effective tax rate for 2019 was favorably impacted by the sale of two of our u.k. subsidiaries. the disposition generated a before-tax gain of more than $
billion with an associated tax benefit of $
million. the disposition generated a u.s.
capital loss of approximately
tax benefit of approximately $
million. the remaining u.s. capital loss has been recorded as a deferred tax asset fully offset with a valuation allowance.
during 2019, we received final partner approval in malaysia block g to claim certain deepwater tax credits.
as a result, we recorded an income tax benefit of $
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 18-accumulated other comprehensive loss accumulated other comprehensive loss in the equity section of the balance sheet included:
millions of dollars defined benefit plans net unrealized gain/(loss)
on securities foreign currency translation accumulated other comprehensive loss december 31, 2018
million of foreign currency translation adjustments related to the completion of our sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries.
defined benefit plans
above amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost and are presented net of tax expense of:
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 19-cash flow information millions of dollars
noncash investing activities increase (decrease) in pp&e related to an increase (decrease) in asset retirement obligations
net sales (purchases) of investments short-term investments purchased
short-term investments sold
investments and long-term receivables purchased
investments and long-term receivables sold
the following items are included in the "cash flows from operating activities" section of our consolidated cash flows.
million in contributions to our u.s. qualified pension plan.
million contribution to our u.k. pension plan.
for more information on these settlements, see note 11
for additional information on cash and non-cash changes to our consolidated balance sheet associated with our concho acquisition.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
note 20-other financial information millions of dollars
capitalized
gain (loss) on investment in cenovus energy*
research and development expenditures
shipping and handling costs
foreign currency transaction
(gains) losses
billion, respectively, in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to the concho and shell permian acquisitions.
**excludes assets classified as held for sale at december 31, 2021.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 21-related party transactions our related parties primarily include equity method investments and certain trusts for the benefit of employees.
for disclosures on trusts for the benefit of employees, see note 16
significant transactions with our equity affiliates were:
see note 4, for additional information on loans to affiliated companies.
note 22-sales and other operating revenues revenue from contracts with customers the following table provides further disaggregation of our consolidated sales and other operating revenues:
revenue from contracts with customers
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
financial derivative contracts
606 relate primarily to physical gas contracts at market prices which qualify as derivatives accounted for under asc topic
and for which we have not elected npns.
there is no significant difference in contractual terms or the policy for recognition of revenue from these contracts and those within the scope of asc topic
the following disaggregation of revenues is provided in conjunction with note 23-segment disclosures and related information
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
physical contracts meeting the definition of a derivative
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
practical expedients typically, our commodity sales contracts are less than 12 months in duration; however, in certain specific cases may extend longer, which may be out to the end of field life.
we have long-term commodity sales contracts which use prevailing market prices at the time of delivery, and under these contracts, the market-based variable consideration for each performance obligation (i.e., delivery of commodity) is allocated to each wholly unsatisfied performance obligation within the contract.
accordingly, we have applied the practical expedient allowed in asc topic 606 and do not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations or when we expect to recognize revenues that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as of the end of the reporting period.
receivables and contract liabilities receivables from contracts with customers at december 31, 2021, the "accounts and notes receivable" line on our consolidated balance sheet included trade receivables of $
million compared with $
million at december 31, 2020, and included both contracts with customers within the scope of asc topic
we typically receive payment within 30 days or less (depending on the terms of the invoice) once delivery is made.
revenues that are outside the scope of asc topic 606 relate primarily to physical gas sales contracts at market prices for which we do not elect npns and are therefore accounted for as a derivative under asc topic
there is little distinction in the nature of the customer or credit quality of trade receivables associated with gas sold under contracts for which npns has not been elected compared with trade receivables where npns has been elected.
contract liabilities from contracts with customers we have entered into contractual arrangements where we license proprietary technology to customers related to the optimization process for operating lng plants. the agreements typically provide for negotiated payments to be made at stated milestones. the payments are not directly related to our performance under the contract and are recorded as deferred revenue to be recognized as revenue when the customer can utilize and benefit from their right to use the license. payments are received in installments over the construction period.
millions of dollars contract liabilities at december 31, 2020
current liabilities
we expect to recognize the contract liabilities as of december 31, 2021, as revenue during 2022.
notes to consolidated financial statements
2021 10-k note 23-segment disclosures and related information we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
corporate and other represents income and costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums on early retirement of debt, corporate overhead and certain technology activities, including licensing revenues.
corporate assets include all cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
we evaluate performance and allocate resources based on net income (loss) attributable to conocophillips.
intersegment sales are at prices that approximate market.
in 2021, we completed our acquisition of concho, an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with operations across new mexico and west texas as well as our acquisition of shell's permian assets in the texas delaware basin.
the accounting close date of the shell transaction ,
used for reporting purposes, was december
results of operations for concho and assets acquired from shell are included in our lower 48 segment.
certain transaction and restructuring costs associated with these acquisitions are included in our corporate and other segment.
the market for our products is large and diverse, therefore, our sales and other operating revenues are not dependent upon any single customer.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
equity in earnings of affiliates alaska
consolidated equity in earnings of affiliates
income tax provision (benefit)
consolidated income tax provision
(benefit)
notes to consolidated financial statements
investments in and advances to affiliates alaska
consolidated investments in and advances to affiliates
total assets alaska
consolidated total assets
capital expenditures and investments alaska
consolidated capital expenditures and investments
*includes lng and bitumen.
notes to consolidated financial statements conocophillips
geographic information millions of dollars sales and other operating revenues
long-lived assets
united states
united kingdom
other foreign countries
(2) defined as net pp&e plus equity investments and advances to affiliated companies.
(3) met held for sale criteria in 2021 in conjunction with our agreement to sell our subsidiary holding our indonesia assets.
supplementary data
(unaudited)
in accordance with fasb asc topic
932, "extractive activities-oil and gas,"
these disclosures include information about our consolidated oil and gas activities and our proportionate share of our equity affiliates' oil and gas activities in our operating segments.
as a result, amounts reported as equity affiliates in oil and gas operations may differ from those shown in the individual segment disclosures reported elsewhere in this report.
our disclosures by geographic area include the u.s., canada, europe, asia pacific/middle east (inclusive of equity affiliates)
as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on historical 12-month first-of-month average prices and current costs.
therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to pscs, which are reported under the "economic interest" method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices, recoverable operating expenses and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
for example, if prices increase, then our applicable reserve quantities would decline.
reserves governance the recording and reporting of proved reserves are governed by criteria established by regulations of the sec and fasb.
proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible-from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations-prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation.
the project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain it will commence the project within a reasonable time.
proved reserves are further classified as either developed or undeveloped.
proved developed reserves are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods, or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of a new well, and through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.
proved undeveloped reserves are proved reserves expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. reserves on undrilled acreage are limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence provided by reliable technologies exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.
as defined by sec regulations, reliable technologies may be used in reserve estimation when they have been demonstrated in the field to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. the technologies and data used in the estimation of our proved reserves include, but are not limited to, performance-based methods, volumetric
-based methods, geologic maps, seismic interpretation, well logs, well test data, core data, analogy and statistical analysis.
supplementary data conocophillips
-wide, comprehensive, sec-compliant internal policy that governs the determination and reporting of proved reserves.
this policy is applied by the geoscientists and reservoir engineers in our business units around the world.
as part of our internal control process, each business unit's reserves processes and controls are reviewed annually by an internal team which is headed by the company's manager of reserves compliance and reporting.
this team, composed of internal reservoir engineers, geoscientists, finance personnel and a senior representative from degolyer and macnaughton (d&m), a third
-party petroleum engineering consulting firm, reviews the business units' reserves for adherence to sec guidelines and company policy through on-site visits, teleconferences and review of documentation.
in addition to providing independent reviews, this internal team also ensures reserves are calculated using consistent and appropriate standards and procedures.
this team is independent of business unit line management and is responsible for reporting its findings to senior management.
the team is responsible for communicating our reserves policy and procedures and is available for internal peer reviews and consultation on major projects or technical issues throughout the year.
all of our proved reserves held by consolidated companies and our share of equity affiliates have been estimated by conocophillips.
during 2021, our processes and controls used to assess over 90 percent of proved reserves as of december 31,
2021, were reviewed by d&m.
the purpose of their review was to assess whether the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal processes and controls used to determine estimates of proved reserves are in accordance with sec regulations.
in such review, conocophillips' technical staff presented d&m with an overview of the reserves data, as well as the methods and assumptions used in estimating reserves.
the data presented included pertinent seismic information, geologic maps, well logs, production tests, material balance calculations, reservoir simulation models, well performance data, operating procedures and relevant economic criteria.
management's intent in retaining d&m to review its processes and controls was to provide objective third-party input on these processes and controls.
d&m's opinion was the general processes and controls employed by conocophillips in estimating its december 31, 2021, proved reserves for the properties reviewed are in accordance with the sec reserves definitions.
d&m's report is included as exhibit 99 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the processes and internal controls used in the preparation of the company's reserves estimates is the manager of reserves compliance and reporting.
he is a member of the society of petroleum engineers with over 25 years of oil and gas industry experience and has held positions of increasing responsibility in reservoir engineering, subsurface and asset management in the u.s. and several international field locations.
engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise.
see the "critical accounting estimates" section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for additional discussion of the sensitivities surrounding these estimates.
supplementary data
equity affiliates end of 2018
supplementary data conocophillips
equity affiliates end of 2018
equity affiliates end of 2018
notable changes in proved crude oil reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2021, included:
downward revisions in lower 48 were due to development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays of 203 million barrels and technical revisions of 35 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions due to higher prices of 115 million barrels and additional infill drilling in the unconventional plays of 71 million barrels.
in 2020, alaska downward revisions were primarily driven by lower prices of 243 million barrels and development plan changes of 54 million barrels.
48 were due to lower prices of 89 million barrels and development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays of 82 million barrels, partially offset by upward technical revisions and additional infill drilling in the unconventional plays of 45 million barrels.
downward revisions in lower 48 were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 71 million barrels and price revisions of 22 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 57 million barrels.
supplementary data
in 2021, lower 48 purchases were due to the concho and shell permian acquisitions.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases resulting from development plan timing in the revisions category.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases resulting from development plan timing in the revisions category.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
in asia pacific/middle east, increases were due to sanctioning of development programs in china and malaysia.
: in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k. assets.
supplementary data conocophillips
equity affiliates end of 2018
supplementary data
equity affiliates end of 2018
equity affiliates end of 2018
notable changes in proved ngl reserves in the three years ended december 31,
: in 2021, upward revisions in lower 48 were due to conversion of acquired concho permian two-stream contracts to a three-stream (crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids) basis, adding 182 million barrels, additional infill drilling in the unconventional plays of 44 million barrels, technical revisions of 21 million barrels and higher prices of 28 million barrels, partially offset by downward revisions related to development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays of 62 million barrels.
48 were due to lower prices of 33 million barrels and development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays of 20 million barrels, partially offset by upward technical revisions and additional infill drilling in the unconventional plays of 27 million barrels.
48 were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 32 million barrels and price revisions of 11 million barrels, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 32 million barrels.
: in 2021, lower 48 purchases were due to the shell permian acquisition.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays ,
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays ,
: in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k. assets.
supplementary data conocophillips
equity affiliates end of 2018
supplementary data
equity affiliates end of 2018
equity affiliates end of 2018
natural gas production in the reserves table may differ from gas production (delivered for sale) in our statistics disclosure, primarily because the quantities above include gas consumed in production operations.
quantities consumed in production operations are not significant in the periods presented.
the value of net production consumed in operations is not reflected in net revenues and production expenses, nor do the volumes impact the respective per unit metrics.
these volumes are not included in the calculation of our standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserve quantities.
natural gas reserves are computed at 14.65 pounds per square inch absolute and 60 degrees fahrenheit.
notable changes in proved natural gas reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2021, included:
in lower 48, upward revisions of 614 bcf were due to higher prices, additional infill drilling in the unconventional plays of 277
bcf and technical revisions of 60 bcf, partially offset by downward revisions due to development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays of 498 bcf and conversion of previously acquired permian two-stream contracted volumes to a three-stream (crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids) basis of 412 bcf.
in our equity affiliates in asia pacific/middle east, upward revisions were due to higher prices of 124 bcf and technical and cost revisions of 123 bcf.
in lower 48, downward revisions of 372 bcf were due to lower prices and 154 bcf were due to development timing for specific well locations from unconventional plays, partially offset by technical revisions of 87 bcf.
downward revisions in our equity affiliates in asia pacific/middle east were supplementary data conocophillips
due to lower prices of 426 bcf, partially offset by performance revisions of 44 bcf.
downward revisions in lower 48 were due to changes in development timing for specific well locations from the unconventional plays of 207 bcf and price revisions of 125 bcf, partially offset by upward revisions related to infill drilling and improved well performance of 219 bcf.
: in 2021, lower 48 purchases were due to the concho and shell permian acquisitions.
in 2020, canada purchases were due to the acquisition of additional montney acreage.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases resulting from development plan timing in the revisions category.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases resulting from development plan timing in the revisions category.
48 were due to planned development to add specific well locations from the unconventional plays which more than offset the decreases in the revisions category.
extensions and discoveries in our equity affiliates were due to ongoing development in aplng.
: in 2021, lower 48 sales represent the disposition of noncore assets.
in 2020, asia pacific/middle east sales represent the disposition of the australia
-west assets.
in 2019, europe sales represent the disposition of the u.k. assets.
supplementary data
2021 10-k years ended bitumen december 31
equity affiliates end of 2018
supplementary data conocophillips
years ended bitumen december 31
equity affiliates end of 2018
equity affiliates end of 2018
notable changes in proved bitumen reserves in the three years ended december 31, 2021, included:
: in 2021, downward revisions of 64 million barrels were driven by changes in carbon tax costs and 39 million barrels due to changes in development timing for specific pad locations from the surmont development program, partially offset by upward revisions from price of 53 million barrels.
in 2020, downward revisions in canada were due to changes in development timing for specific pad locations from the surmont development program of 12 million barrels with the remaining revisions primarily related to lower prices.
in 2019, upward revisions in canada were due to technical revisions in surmont of 70 million barrels, partially offset by downward revisions due to changes in development timing for specific pad locations from the surmont development program of 31 million barrels.
: in 2020, extensions and discoveries in canada were primarily due to planned development to add specific pad locations from the surmont development program, which more than offset the decrease in the revisions category.
in 2019, extensions and discoveries in canada were due to planned development to add specific pad locations from the surmont development program, which offset the decrease in the revisions category of
supplementary data
equity affiliates end of 2018
supplementary data conocophillips
equity affiliates end of 2018
equity affiliates end of 2018
proved undeveloped reserves the following table shows changes in total proved undeveloped reserves for 2021:
downward revisions were driven by changes in development timing of 389 mmboe primarily in north america and negative bitumen revisions in canada due to changes in carbon tax costs of 65 mmboe, partially offset by upward revisions for lower 48 infill drilling of 162 mmboe and higher prices of 125 mmboe.
purchases were driven by lower 48 due to the concho acquisition.
supplementary data
2021 10-k extensions and discoveries were largely driven by an addition of 399 mmboe in lower 48 for the continued development of unconventional plays.
the remaining extensions and discoveries were driven by the continued development planned in the other geographic regions.
transfers to proved developed reserves were driven by the ongoing development of our assets. approximately
65 percent of the transfers were from the development of our lower 48 unconventional plays. the remainder of transfers were from development across the other geographic regions.
24 percent of total proved reserves, compared with 29 percent at december 31, 2020.
costs incurred for the year ended december 31, 2021, relating to the development of puds were $3.8 billion.
a portion of our costs incurred each year relates to development projects where the puds will be converted to proved developed reserves in future years.
93 percent of total puds were under development or scheduled for development within five years of initial disclosure, including all of our lower
48 puds. the remaining puds are in major development areas which are currently producing and within our canada and asia pacific/middle east geographic areas.
results of operations the company's results of operations from oil and gas activities for the years 2021, 2020 and 2019 are shown in the following tables.
non-oil and gas activities, such as pipeline and marine operations, lng operations, crude oil and gas marketing activities, and the profit element of transportation operations in which we have an ownership interest are excluded.
additional information about selected line items within the results of operations tables is shown below:
sales include sales to unaffiliated entities attributable primarily to the company's net working interests and royalty interests.
transportation costs reflect fees to transport our produced hydrocarbons beyond the production function to a final delivery point using transportatio n
other revenues include gains and losses from asset sales, certain amounts resulting from the purchase and sale of hydrocarbons, and other miscellaneous income.
production costs include costs incurred to operate and maintain wells, related equipment and facilities used in the production of petroleum liquids and natural gas.
depreciation of support equipment is reclassified as applicable.
other related expenses include inventory fluctuations, foreign currency transaction gains and losses and other miscellaneous expenses.
supplementary data conocophillips
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
supplementary data
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
supplementary data conocophillips
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
equity affiliates sales
transportation costs
production costs excluding taxes
income tax provision (benefit)
supplementary data
united states
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates-
bitumen consolidated operations-
united states
equity affiliates-
supplementary data conocophillips
united states
equity affiliates
united states
equity affiliates
bitumen per barrel consolidated operations-
united states
equity affiliates
*average sales prices for alaska crude oil and asia pacific natural gas above reflect a reduction for transportation costs in which we have an ownership interest that are incurred subsequent to the terminal point of the production function.
accordingly, the average sales prices differ from those discussed in item 7 of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
**average sales prices include unutilized transportation costs.
supplementary data
average production costs per barrel of oil equivalent*
united states
equity affiliates-
average production costs per barrel-bitumen consolidated operations-
united states
equity affiliates-
united states
equity affiliates-
*includes bitumen.
supplementary data conocophillips
development and exploration activities the following two tables summarize our net interest in productive and dry exploratory and development wells in the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
a "development well"
is a well drilled within the proved area of a reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.
an "exploratory well" is a well drilled to find and produce crude oil or natural gas in an unknown field or a new reservoir within a proven field.
exploratory wells also include wells drilled in areas near or offsetting current production, or in areas where well density or production history have not achieved statistical certainty of results.
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
development consolidated operations alaska
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
supplementary data
2021 10-k the table below represents the status of our wells drilling at december 31, 2021, and includes wells in the process of drilling or in active completion.
it also represents gross and net productive wells, including producing wells and wells capable of production at december 31, 2021.
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
united states
equity affiliates asia pacific/middle east
total equity affiliates
supplementary data conocophillips
costs incurred year ended millions of dollars december 31
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
consolidated operations unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
equity affiliates unproved property acquisition
proved property acquisition
development
supplementary data
2021 10-k capitalized costs at december 31
equity affiliates proved property
equity affiliates proved property
supplementary data conocophillips
to proved oil and gas reserve quantities in accordance with sec and fasb requirements, amounts were computed using 12-month average prices (adjusted only for existing contractual terms) and end-of-year costs, appropriate statutory tax rates and a prescri bed 10 percent discount factor.
month average prices are calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period.
for all years, continuation of year
-end economic conditions was assumed.
the calculations were based on estimates of proved reserves, which are revised over time as new data becomes available.
the calculations also require assumptions as to the timing of future production of proved reserves and the timing and amount of future development costs, including dismantlement, and future production costs, including taxes other than income taxes.
while due care was taken in its preparation, we do not represent that this data is the fair value of our oil and gas properties, or a fair estimate of the present value of cash flows to be obtained from their development and production.
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
supplementary data
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
*undiscounted future net cash flows related to the proved oil and gas reserves disclosed for canada for the year ending december 31, 2020, are negative due to the inclusion of asset retirement costs and certain indirect costs in the calculation of the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. these costs are not required to be included in the economic limit test for proved developed reserves as defined in regulation s-x rule 4-10.
future net cash flows for canada were also impacted by lower 12-month average pricing for bitumen and crude oil in 2020.
commodity prices have since improved in the current environment.
supplementary data conocophillips
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
equity affiliates future cash inflows
future production costs
future development costs
future income tax provisions
supplementary data
2021 10-k sources of change in discounted future net cash flows millions of dollars consolidated operations equity affiliates total company
changes during the year revenues less production costs for the year
net change in prices and production costs
extensions, discoveries and improved recovery, less estimated future costs
development costs for the year
changes in estimated future development costs
purchases of reserves in place, less estimated future costs
sales of reserves in place, less estimated future costs