item 1a. risk factors.
in evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, should be carefully considered. any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price and could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us.
business risks the outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic and measures taken to prevent its spread are adversely affecting our business in a number of ways, and we are unable to predict the full extent of those impacts on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations, but the impact could be material.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the impact of covid-19, and the actions taken to contain its spread or address its impact, have adversely impacted our business and could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. the extent of this impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including, but not limited to, the transmission rate, duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the emergence of variants of the virus which could be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines, the extent and effectiveness of the actions taken to contain the spread of the virus and address its impacts, including widespread availability of vaccines, the exercise of emergency powers by governments, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. factors that could negatively impact our ability to operate successfully, or that could otherwise materially adversely impact and disrupt our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following:
•continued increases in healthcare costs due to higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services, medical expenses and other increases in associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs, as well as covid-19 related testing, treatment, and the administration of vaccines and other therapeutics. we continue to offer our members expanded benefit coverage, such as providing coverage for covid-19 testing (including over-the-counter testing in accordance with state and federal requirements) and vaccine administration, and governmental action has required, and may continue to require, us to provide additional coverage. in addition, we may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care that was deferred during the pandemic, or during periods of increased infection, and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care resulting from missed treatments.
•decreased predictability of medicare and medicaid rates due to changes in utilization of medical facilities and services, medical expenses and other costs as a result of the impact of covid-19. we experienced rate adjustments from certain state medicaid regulators in 2021 in response to decreased utilization of medical facilities and services, and we may experience further adjustments in the future with regard to current and prior year rates.
•increased estimation uncertainty on our claims liability due to the impact of covid-19 on healthcare utilization and medical claims submission.
•a reduction in enrollment in our health benefits, products and services or a continued change in membership mix to less profitable lines of business as a result of reductions in workforce by existing customers and other impacts of an economic downturn.
•cash flow volatility or shortfalls caused by an increase in delayed, delinquent or non-collectable payments from customers and government payers.
•reductions in our operating effectiveness as our employees continue to work from home or otherwise are impacted by covid-19. the majority of our workforce continues to work remotely, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, phishing and unauthorized dissemination of sensitive, proprietary or confidential information.
•disruptions in our normal business operations due to disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, financial services and supply chains.
•loss of functionality due to the disruption of services provided to us by third-party vendors, including due to financial, staffing or supply chain difficulties.
•disruption and volatility in the financial markets, which may cause a decrease in the value of our investments, increased cost of capital or a downgrade in our credit ratings.
if we fail to appropriately predict, price for and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products and services could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. total healthcare costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. numerous factors affecting the cost of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs, as well as our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include, among others, changes in healthcare practices, demographic characteristics including the aging population, medical cost inflation, the introduction of new technologies, drugs and treatments, increased cost of individual services, increases in the cost and number of prescription drugs, clusters of high cost cases, increased use of services, including due to natural catastrophes or other large-scale medical emergencies, epidemics or pandemics such as covid-19, new treatment guidelines, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) and changes to other regulations impacting our business.
relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. generally, our premiums on commercial policies and medicaid contracts are fixed for a 12-month period and may be determined based on data from several months prior to the commencement of the premium period. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted to cms six months prior to the start of the contract year. accordingly, the costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. existing medicaid contract rates are often established by the applicable state, and our actual costs may exceed those rates. although we base our commercial premiums, our medicare and medicaid bids, and our acceptance of state-established medicaid rates on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors, including those discussed above, may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums and bids.
although federal and state premium and risk adjustment mechanisms could help offset health benefit costs in excess of our projections if our assumptions utilized in setting our premium rates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could still be adversely affected. the reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based upon assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. to the extent the actual claims experience is unfavorable as compared to our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase and future earnings could be adversely affected.
in addition to the challenge of managing healthcare costs, we face pressure to contain premium rates. our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates. a limitation on our ability to increase or maintain our premium or reimbursement levels or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, based on our experience in public exchange markets to date, we have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation (including our modest expansion in the public exchange markets in 2022), and we will continue to evaluate the performance of our public exchange plans, the future viability of the public exchanges and availability of federal subsidies, and may make further adjustments to our rates and participation going forward. these factors may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if premiums are not adequate or do not appropriately reflect the acuity of these individuals. any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or
other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
a significant reduction in the enrollment in our health benefits programs or pbm products or services, particularly in states where we have large regional concentrations, could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a significant reduction in the number of enrollees in our health benefits programs or pbm products or services could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include: reductions in workforce by existing customers; a general economic upturn that results in fewer individuals being eligible for medicaid programs; the end of the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification for medicaid recipients in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which will likely result in a reduction in our medicaid membership; a general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates; employers no longer offering certain healthcare coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; participation on public exchanges; federal and state regulatory changes; failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers; premium increases and benefit changes; our exit from a specific market; negative publicity and news coverage; and failure to attain or maintain nationally recognized accreditations.
the states in which we operate that have the largest concentrations of revenues include california, florida, georgia, indiana, new york, ohio, texas and virginia. due to this concentration of business in these states, we are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of state-specific or regional economic downturns impacting these states. if any such negative economic conditions do not improve, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
a cyber-attack or other privacy or data security incident could result in an unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, cause a loss of data, disrupt our operations, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process, retain and transmit large amounts of sensitive and confidential information, including, among other information, corporate strategy, customer and employee information. some of the data we process, store and transmit is outside of the u.s. we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, including hipaa, the hitech act, the gramm-leach-bliley act and numerous state laws governing personal information. our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber-attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information or other threats.
we have been, and may in the future be, subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber-attacks and security breaches, which could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. while we have contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature, they may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities.
we cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent or contain the effects of cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems or business. we have security technologies, processes and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. however, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. in addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, disrupt or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them or implement adequate preventative measures. viruses, worms or other malicious software programs may be used to attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities, and such security attacks may cause system disruptions or shutdowns, or may cause personal information or proprietary or confidential
information to be disclosed, misappropriated or compromised. this risk is heightened due to the increased number of our employees working from home. as a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us.
noncompliance with any privacy or security laws and regulations, or any security breach, cyber-attack or cybersecurity breach, and any incident involving the misappropriation, theft, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of, or access to, sensitive or confidential information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could require us to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures and to remediate any damage. in addition, this could negatively affect our operations, cause system disruptions, damage our reputation, cause membership losses and contract breaches, and could also result in regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
there are various risks associated with participating in medicare and medicaid programs, including dependence upon government funding and the timing of payments, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight.
we contract with various federal and state agencies, including cms, to provide managed healthcare services, such as medicare advantage, medicare part d, medicare supplement, medicaid, tanf, spd, ltss, chip, medicaid expansion programs and various specialty programs, products and services. we also provide various administrative services for other entities offering medical and/or prescription drug plans to their medicaid or medicare eligible members through our affiliated companies, and we offer employer group waiver plans which provide medical and/or prescription drug coverage to retirees. we also participate in programs in several states for the care of dual-eligible members. regulatory reform initiatives or changes in existing laws or regulations applicable to these programs, or their interpretations, are difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments, and base premium rates paid by each state or federal agency differ depending upon a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region, benefit mix, member eligibility category and risk scores. future rates may be affected by continued government efforts to contain costs as well as federal and state budgetary constraints, and certain state contracts are subject to cancellation in the event of the unavailability of state funds. additionally, ongoing cms system changes related to the data it uses to calculate risk scores in the medicare advantage program may impact our federal funding. if the federal government or any state in which we operate were to decrease rates paid to us, pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, cancel our contracts retroactively or seek an adjustment to previously negotiated rates, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, various states' mmps are still subject to uncertainty surrounding payment rates and other requirements, which could affect where we seek to participate in these programs. an unexpected reduction in payments, inadequate government funding or significantly delayed payments for these programs may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
other potential risks associated with medicare advantage and medicare part d plans include increased medical or pharmaceutical costs, data corrections identified as a result of ongoing auditing and monitoring activities, potential uncollectability of receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequacy of underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information (including inability due to systems issues by the federal government, the applicable state government or us), uncollectability of premiums from members and limited enrollment periods. actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. finally, there is the possibility that the medicare advantage program could be significantly impacted by future legislation.
our contracts with cms and state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, risk adjustment, provider network and directory maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, timely and accurate processing of appeals and grievances, oversight of service providers, encounter data, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements specific to federal and state program regulations. we have been subject in the past, and may again be in the future, to administrative actions, fines, penalties, liquidated damages or retrospective adjustments in payments made to our health plans as a result of a failure to comply with those requirements, which has impacted and in the future could impact
our profitability. due to decreased utilization of medical facilities and services as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we experienced retroactive rate adjustments by certain state medicaid agencies, and rate adjustments may continue in the future. as members have accessed care during the covid-19 pandemic, we have experienced increased difficulty obtaining provider information required by cms and state governmental agencies and, as a result, may have difficulty meeting these quality measures. in addition, we could be required to file a corrective plan of action with additional penalties for noncompliance, which could have a negative impact on future membership enrollment levels. further, our existing cms or state medicaid contracts have not always been renewed, we have not always been awarded new contracts as a result of the competitive procurement process, and in some cases we have lost members under existing contracts as a result of a post-award challenge by unsuccessful bidders, each of which could take place again in the future and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
further, the star rating system utilized by cms to evaluate medicare advantage plans may have a significant effect on our revenue, as higher-rated plans tend to experience increased enrollment and plans with a star rating of 4.0 or higher are eligible for quality-based bonus payments and can market to and enroll members year-round. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, fail to meet or exceed our competitors' star ratings, or if quality-based bonus payments are reduced or eliminated, we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. similarly, if we fail to meet or exceed any performance standards imposed by state medicaid programs in which we participate, we may not receive performance-based bonus payments or may incur penalties.
in addition, our failure to comply with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations applicable to our participation in medicaid and medicare programs, including those directed at preventing fraud, abuse and discrimination, could result in investigations, litigation, fines, restrictions on, or exclusions from, program participation, or the imposition of corporate integrity agreements or other agreements with a federal or state governmental agency, any of which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we are periodically subject to government audits, including cms risk adjustment data validation ("radv") audits of our medicare advantage plans to validate diagnostic data, patient claims and financial reporting, and audits of our medicare part d plans by the medicare part d recovery audit contractor ("rac"), as well as state medicaid rac programs. these audits could result in significant adjustments in payments made to our health plans, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. if we fail to report and correct errors discovered through our own auditing procedures or during a radv or rac audit, or otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in these programs, and on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our medicare and medicaid contracts are also subject to various mlr rules, including minimum mlr thresholds, rebate requirements and audits, which could adversely affect our membership and revenues if any of our state medicare or medicaid plans do not meet an applicable minimum mlr threshold. if a medicare advantage, mmp or medicare part d contract pays minimum mlr rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to participate in open enrollment. if a medicare advantage or medicare part d contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by cms.
a change in our healthcare product mix may impact our profitability.
our healthcare products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than administrative services products and those healthcare products where the employer groups assume the underwriting risks. individuals and small employer groups are more likely to purchase our higher-risk healthcare products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for healthcare expenditures. typically, government-sponsored programs also involve our higher-risk healthcare products. a shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with hospitals, physicians, pbm service providers and other healthcare providers, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our profitability is dependent in part upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians, pbm service providers and supply chain partners and other healthcare providers. healthcare providers may elect not to contract with us, and the failure to secure or maintain cost-effective healthcare provider contracts on competitive terms may result in a
loss of membership or higher medical costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, consolidation among healthcare providers, aco practice management companies, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose, as well as the ability of larger employers to contract directly with providers, may change the way that these providers interact with us and change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which may impact our relationship with these providers or affect the way that we price our products and services and estimate our costs and may require us to incur costs to change our operations, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, price transparency initiatives, such as the health plan transparency rule, may impact our ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms.
our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or the inability of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. in addition, we do not have contracts with all providers that render services to our members and, as a result, may not have a pre-established agreement about the amount of compensation those out-of-network providers will accept for the services they render, which can result in significant litigation or arbitration proceedings, or provider attempts to obtain payment from our members for the difference between the amount we have paid and the amount they have charged.
we are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions.
we contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements. for example, a couple of vendors provide us with a wide range of technology infrastructure services, including end user (help desk and field support), data center, mainframe, storage and database services, certain cloud infrastructure and multi-cloud management services, and we are subject to the risks of any operational failure, termination or other restraints in these arrangements. we could become overly dependent on key vendors, which could cause us to lose core competencies. a termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability, reduced service quality and effectiveness, increased or duplicative costs or an inability to meet our obligations to our customers. in addition, we may also have to seek alternative service providers, which may be unavailable or only available on less favorable contract terms. any of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, financial condition and operating results.
our pbm services business in particular would be adversely affected if we are unable to contract on favorable terms with third-party vendors, including pharmaceutical manufacturers. we delegate certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to cvs health pursuant to the cvs pbm agreement. if cvs health fails to provide pbm services as contractually required, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. for additional information on the cvs pbm agreement, see "business - product and service descriptions," in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems, or the availability and integrity of our data, could adversely affect our business.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those that we have acquired as a result of our merger and acquisition activities. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards and legal requirements, including as a result of the aca, the health plan transparency rule, the appropriations act and proposed federal data interoperability regulations. in addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.
failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in investigations, audits, fines and penalties, competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors and a diversion of management's time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the volume of health care data generated and the uses of this data, including
electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. our ability to develop, implement, price and support new and existing products and services depends on the integrity of this data. if the information we rely upon to run our business were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to adequately maintain our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing and reserves, have disputes with customers and providers, face regulatory problems, including sanctions and penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences, including a decrease in membership.
large-scale medical emergencies, natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, civil unrest and global climate change may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural disasters, war, terrorism, political events, civil unrest, global climate change and other similar occurrences could create large-scale medical emergencies or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. large-scale medical emergencies can take many forms and can cause widespread illness and death and have other far-reaching impact. for example, the ongoing covid-19 global pandemic has caused illness, deaths, quarantines, business and school shutdowns, reductions in business activity, travel and financial transactions, unemployment, inflation, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. in addition, federal and state law enforcement officials have issued warnings about potential terrorist activity involving biological and other weapons, and natural disasters such as hurricanes and the potential for a widespread pandemic of influenza or other illness coupled with the lack of availability of appropriate preventative medicines could have a significant impact on the health of the population of widespread areas. if the united states were to experience widespread bioterrorism or other attacks, large-scale natural disasters or civil unrest in our concentrated coverage areas or an epidemic or pandemic such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, our covered medical expenses could rise, our operations could be interrupted and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations or, in the event of extreme circumstances, our viability could be threatened. furthermore, global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, and may have a long-term effect on general economic conditions and the healthcare or pharmacy industry in particular, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. for additional information, see the risk factor above describing the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
legal, regulatory and public policy risks we are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our securities.
we are subject to significant state and federal regulation associated with many aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, licensing, premiums, marketing activities, provider contracting, access and payment standards, and corporate governance and financial reporting matters, as described in greater detail in part i, item 1 "business-regulation" in this annual report on form 10-k. further, the integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new businesses or jurisdictions, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us.
new or changed laws, rules, regulations or judicial interpretation, application or enforcement thereof could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products and services we offer (and where we offer them), restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, healthcare technology and administrative costs, restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals and implement changes in premium rates and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. in addition, legislative and/or regulatory policies or proposals that seek to manage the healthcare industry or otherwise impact our business may cause the market price of our securities to decrease, even if such policies or proposals never become effective. in particular, further regulations and modifications to the aca could impact the market for our products, federal government funding for various aca programs, the regulations applicable to us and the fees and taxes payable by us and otherwise affect our business and future operations, some of which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market certain of our products and services, to increase prices for certain regulated products and services and to consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, as well as future regulatory action by state or federal authorities, could have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products or on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, requirements in the health plan transparency rule and the appropriations act including the price comparison tool and other requirements have the potential to increase healthcare costs and our operating costs in order to comply, and also may impact provider negotiations and market pricing. in addition, changes in government regulations or policies that apply to government-sponsored programs such as medicare and medicaid including, among other things, reimbursement levels, eligibility and recertification requirements, benefit coverage requirements and additional governmental participation, could also adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. the annual recertification process for medicaid recipients has been temporarily suspended in response to the covid-19 pandemic, and the end of this suspension will likely result in a reduction in our medicaid membership. in addition, where states allow certain programs to expire or have not opted for medicaid expansion under the aca, we could experience reduced medicaid enrollment and reduced growth opportunities. if future modifications to laws and regulations significantly reduce medicaid enrollment, our medicaid business will be negatively impacted.
we have experienced assessments in the past under state or federal insolvency or guaranty association laws applicable to insurance companies, hmos and other payers, and may experience assessments in the future if, for example, premiums established by other companies for their health insurance products, including certain long-term care products, are inadequate to cover their costs. any such assessment could expose us to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty associations. we are not currently able to estimate our potential financial obligations, losses, or the availability of offsets associated with potential guaranty association assessments; however, any significant increase in guaranty association assessments could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we expect state legislatures will continue to focus on healthcare delivery and financing issues, including actions to reduce or limit increases to premium payments, provider billing protections, greater access to care and broader reforms of health insurance markets. state ballot initiatives can also be put to voters that could materially impair our operating environment and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, operations or financial condition.
additionally, congress has considered, and may consider in the future, various forms of managed care reform legislation which, if adopted, could fundamentally alter the treatment of coverage decisions under erisa and other laws and could increase our costs, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business. there have been legislative attempts to limit erisa's preemptive effect on state laws and litigants' ability to seek damages beyond the benefits offered under their plans. if adopted, such limitations could increase our liability exposure, permit greater state regulation of our operations, and expand the scope of damages, including punitive damages, litigants could be awarded.
we are subject to various risks associated with our international operations.
as we expand and operate our business outside of the u.s., we are presented with different challenges, including challenges in adapting to new markets, languages, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management attention and other resources. if we are unable to successfully manage our international operations, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. in the future, we may acquire or operate new businesses outside of the u.s., increasing our exposure to these risks.
our subsidiaries that operate internationally are also subject to regulation in the jurisdictions where they are organized or conduct business, including regulations related to, among other things, local and cross-border taxation, intellectual property, investment, management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection, which vary by jurisdiction. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm.
we face risks related to litigation.
we are, and may in the future be, a party to a variety of legal actions that may affect our business, such as administrative charges before government agencies, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims and intellectual property-related litigation. in addition, because of the nature of our business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, administration and offering of our products and services. these could include claims relating to the denial or limitation of health benefits; federal and state false claims act laws; dispensing of drugs associated with our pbm business; professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public; development or application of medical policies and coverage and clinical guidelines; medical malpractice actions; product liability claims; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over reimbursement and contracts; provider tiering programs; narrow networks; termination of provider contracts; the recovery of overpayments from providers; fee-based business; disputes over co-payment calculations; reimbursement of out-of-network claims; the failure to disclose certain business practices; the failure to comply with various state or federal laws, including but not limited to, erisa and the mental health parity act; and customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. these actions or proceedings could result in substantial costs to us, require management to spend substantial time focused on litigation, result in negative media attention and may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are also involved in, or may in the future be party to, pending or threatened litigation incidental to the business we transact or arising out of our operations, including, but not limited to, breaches of security and violations of privacy requirements, shareholder actions, compliance with federal and state laws and regulations (including qui tam or "whistleblower" actions), or sales and acquisitions of businesses or assets. from time to time, we are involved as a party in various governmental investigations, audits, reviews and administrative proceedings, including challenges relating to the award of government contracts. these investigations, audits and reviews include routine and special investigations by various state insurance departments, federal regulators including cms and the hhs office of inspector general, state attorneys general, the department of justice and various offices of the u.s. attorney general. following an investigation, we may be subject to civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions if we are determined to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations. liabilities that may result from these actions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. in some cases, substantial non-economic (including injunctive relief), treble or punitive damages may be sought. in addition, we operate in international jurisdictions where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the u.s., and therefore subject to dispute by government authorities or others. although we maintain insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, some liabilities and damages may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. any adverse judgment against us resulting in such damage awards could result in negative publicity and have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
there are various risks associated with providing healthcare services.
the direct provision of healthcare services by certain of our subsidiaries involves risks of additional litigation brought against us or our associates for alleged malpractice or professional liability claims arising out of treatment decisions or the delivery of healthcare and related services. in addition, liability may arise from maintaining healthcare premises that serve the public. the defense of any actions may result in significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain adequate insurance coverage for these liabilities, or if such insurance is not available, the resulting costs could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, many states in which certain of our subsidiaries operate limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals. business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians, and we are not licensed to practice medicine. rules and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary from state to state. further, certain federal and state laws, including those covering our medicare and medicaid plans, prohibit the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of patient care
opportunities and also generally prohibit physicians from making referrals to any entity providing certain designated health services if the referring physician or related person has an ownership or financial interest in the entity. any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our pbm services business and related operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our core healthcare business.
we provide pbm services through our ingeniorx business, and we are responsible to regulators and our customers for the delivery of those pbm services that we contract to provide. our pbm services business is subject to the risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging, fulfillment and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products, including exposure to liabilities and reputational harm related to purported dispensing and other operational errors by us or our pbm services suppliers. any failure by us or one of our pbm services suppliers to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to the dispensing of pharmaceuticals could subject our pbm business to civil and criminal penalties.
our pbm services business is subject to federal and state laws and regulations that govern its relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies and customers, including without limitation, federal and state anti-kickback laws, beneficiary inducement laws, consumer protection laws, erisa, hipaa and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies, as well as an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a pbm services business. in addition, the practice of pharmacy is subject to federal and state laws and regulations, including those of state boards of pharmacy, individual state-controlled substance authorities, the u.s. drug enforcement agency and the u.s. food and drug administration. also, we and our third-party vendors are subject to registration requirements and state and federal laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising, handling and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation.
federal and state legislatures and regulators also regularly consider new laws and regulations and changes to existing policies for the industry that could materially affect current industry practices and our business, including the rebate rule released in november 2020 by hhs related to drug manufacturer rebates, spread pricing contract arrangements and the pricing of pharmaceuticals, and the appropriations act. other potential new regulations include those regarding rebates, fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks, pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies and pbm reporting requirements, along with state regulations that may result from the june 2021 naic proposed white paper addressing pbms.
we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa that entitle us to the exclusive and, in certain areas, non-exclusive use of the bcbs names and marks in our geographic territories. the termination of these license agreements or changes in the terms and conditions of these license agreements could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our license agreements with the bcbsa contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the bcbs names and marks, and failure to comply with those requirements could result in a termination of the license agreements. the license agreements may be modified by the bcbsa, which could have a material adverse effect on our future expansion plans or results of operations. further, bcbs licensees have certain requirements to perform administrative services for members of other bcbs licensees. as of december 31, 2021, we provided services to approximately 32 million blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees. if we or another bcbs licensee are not in compliance with all legal requirements or are unable to perform administrative services as required, this could have an adverse effect on our members and our ability to maintain our licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
upon the occurrence of an event causing termination of the license agreements, we would no longer have the right to use the bcbs names and marks or to sell bcbs health insurance products and services in one or more of our service areas. furthermore, the bcbsa would be free to issue a license to use the bcbs names and marks in these service areas to another entity. our existing bcbs members would be provided with instructions for obtaining alternative products and services
licensed by the bcbsa. we believe that the bcbs names and marks are valuable identifiers of our products and services in the marketplace.
upon termination of either license agreement, the bcbsa would have the right to impose a "re-establishment fee" upon us, which would be used in part to fund the establishment of a replacement blue cross and/or blue shield licensee in the vacated service area. the fee is set at $98.33 per licensed enrollee. if the re-establishment fee was applied to our total blue cross and/or blue shield enrollees of approximately 32 million as of december 31, 2021, we would be assessed approximately $3 billion by the bcbsa. as a result, termination of the license agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. for more information on the bcbsa license agreements, including requirements, restrictions and termination events set forth in these license agreements, see part i, item 1, "business - bcbsa licenses" of this annual report on form 10-k.
indiana law, other applicable laws, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and provisions of our bcbsa license agreements may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interest.
indiana law, other applicable laws and regulations and provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. for instance, they may prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context or adversely affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our stock.
the insurance holding company systems acts and certain health statutes of the states in which our insurance company or hmo subsidiaries are regulated restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or hmo without prior regulatory approval. further, the indiana business corporation law contains business combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our common stock unless the holder's acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our board of directors.
our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. our articles of incorporation provide that no person may beneficially own shares of voting capital stock in excess of specified ownership limits, except with the prior approval of a majority of the "continuing directors." the ownership limits, which may not be exceeded without the prior approval of the bcbsa, are the following: (1) for any institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 10% of our outstanding voting securities; (2) for any non-institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 5% of our outstanding voting securities; and (3) for any person, one share less than the number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities (or a combination thereof) representing a 20% ownership interest in us.
in addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws: divide our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms (which is required by our license agreement with the bcbsa); permit our board of directors to determine the terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by shareholders; restrict the maximum number of directors and the ability to increase that number; limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors; impose restrictions on shareholders' ability to fill vacancies on our board of directors; impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders; prohibit shareholders from amending certain provisions of our bylaws; and impose restrictions on who may call a special meeting of shareholders.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise from, among other things, increases in premium rates, industry consolidation, cost of care initiatives and debate around existing or proposed legislation. negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by limiting our ability to market or provide our products and services, requiring us to change our products and services, or increasing the regulatory oversight under which we operate. in addition, any negative publicity concerning the bcbsa or other bcbsa licensees may adversely affect us and the sale of our health benefits products and services. negative public perception or publicity of the health benefits industry in general, the bcbsa,
other bcbsa licensees, or us or our key vendors could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
strategic risks we face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected.
as a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant changes from and competition due to legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new market entrants, aggressive marketing practices, technological advancements and changing market practices such as increasing usage of telehealth. we also will have to respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants in the public exchanges and in our other lines of business. these factors have produced and will likely continue to produce significant pressures on our profitability and membership. furthermore, decisions to buy our products and services are increasingly made or influenced by consumers through means such as direct purchasing (for example, medicare advantage plans) and insurance exchanges that allow individual choice, or by large employers that may increasingly have the ability to contract directly with providers. this creates unique market pressures, and in order to compete effectively in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands.
in addition, the pbm industry is highly competitive, and ingeniorx is subject to competition from national, regional and local pbms, other insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, mail order and web pharmacies, discount cards and specialty pharmacies. strong competition within the pbm business has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. our inability to maintain positive trends, contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers for, among other things, rebates, discounts and administrative fees or a failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, legislative reforms such as the regulation recently issued by hhs related to rebates, and the appropriations act, which requires reporting of plan spending, the cost of plan pharmacy benefits, enrollee premiums and any manufacturer rebates received by the plan or issuer, may adversely affect our competitive position, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in order to profitably grow our business in the future, we need to not only grow our profitable medical membership, but also continue to diversify our sources of revenue and earnings, including through the increased sale of our specialty products, such as dental, vision and other supplemental products, expansion of products, expansion of our non-insurance assets and establishment of new cost of care solutions, including innovations in pbm services. if we are unable to acquire or develop and successfully manage new opportunities that further our strategic objectives and differentiate our products and services from our competitors, our ability to profitably grow our business could be adversely affected.
we are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our healthcare products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and certain group customers. we face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers, who may also market the products of our competitors. our relationship with our brokers and independent agents could be adversely impacted by changes in our business practices to address legislative changes, including potential reductions in commissions and consulting fees paid to agents and brokers. we cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors for these services or that competitive pressures faced by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
for additional information, see "business - competition," in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and investments, and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future.
the following are some of the risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances and investments, referred to collectively as business combinations, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations:
•some business combinations may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow, business opportunities, synergies, growth prospects or other anticipated benefits;
•we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or which were underestimated, and which could lead to legal challenges, investigations and enforcement actions;
•we may experience difficulties in integrating business combinations, including into our internal control environment and culture, be unable to integrate business combinations successfully or as quickly as expected and be unable to realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner or at all;
•business combinations, and proposed business combinations that are not completed, could disrupt our ongoing business, lead to the incurrence of significant fees, distract management, result in the loss of key employees, divert resources, result in tax costs or inefficiencies and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, information technology systems, policies and procedures;
•we may finance future business combinations by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders;
•we may compete with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources, to acquire attractive companies;
•we may experience disputes with our partners in our strategic alliances, investments and joint ventures, which could result in litigation or a loss of business; and
•future business combinations may make it difficult to comply with the requirements of the bcbsa and lead to a risk that our bcbsa license agreements may be terminated.
we face intense competition to attract and retain employees. further, managing key executive transition, succession and retention is critical to our success.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and to integrate employees who have joined us through acquisitions. we face intense competition for qualified employees, and we may be unable to attract and retain such employees or competition among potential employers may result in increasing salaries. an inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our president and chief executive officer and other key executives. while we have succession plans in place for members of our senior management, and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans and arrangements do not guarantee that the services of our senior executives will continue to be available to us or that we will be able to attract, transition and retain suitable successors.
financial risks as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries, which are necessary to pay our outstanding indebtedness. our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state regulations, including restrictions on the payment of dividends, maintenance of minimum levels of capital and restrictions on investment portfolios.
as a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries. our regulated subsidiaries are not obligated to make funds available to us, and creditors of our subsidiaries will have a superior claim to certain of our subsidiaries' assets. furthermore, among other restrictions, state insurance and hmo laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in some states, we have made special undertakings that may limit the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. in most states, we are required to seek approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries exceeding specified amounts. in addition, our subsidiaries' ability to make any payments to us will also depend on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, business and tax considerations and other legal restrictions. our ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends to our shareholders and meet our obligations, including paying operating expenses and debt service on our
outstanding and future indebtedness, will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. an inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient for us to meet our financial obligations may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
most of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to rbc standards or other forms of minimum capital requirements that require them to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the departments of insurance and the naic. failure to maintain these minimum standards could subject our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including state supervision or liquidation. in addition, as discussed in more detail above, we are a party to license agreements with the bcbsa which contain additional minimum capital and liquidity requirements. changes to existing rbc standards or minimum capital requirements could further restrict our or our regulated subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends and adversely affect our business.
our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of their investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain riskier investment categories, such as below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and equity investments, which could generate higher returns on their investments. failure to comply with these laws and regulations might cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and risk-based capital, and, in some instances, require the sale of those investments.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could adversely affect our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities and to react to changes in the economy or our industry and exposes us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness.
our debt service obligations require us to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on debt instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion. if our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to seek extraordinary dividends from our subsidiaries, sell assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt. however, these measures might be unsuccessful or inadequate to meet scheduled debt service obligations or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms.
we may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. our breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit facilities or other indebtedness. if we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could cease to make further extensions of credit or cause all of our outstanding debt obligations under our credit agreement to become immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. if the indebtedness under our notes or our credit agreement or our other indebtedness is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
claims-paying ability, financial strength and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits companies. we believe our strong credit ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to customers. in addition, if our credit ratings are downgraded or placed under review, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs. each of the ratings organizations reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future.
the value of our intangible assets may become impaired.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $35 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, representing 36% of our total consolidated assets. in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets for potential impairment, using assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units. estimated fair values might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in future impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
the value we place on intangible assets may be adversely impacted if existing or future business combinations fail to perform in a manner consistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, the estimated value of our reporting units may be impacted as a result of business decisions we make associated with any future changes to laws and regulations, which could unfavorably affect the carrying value of certain goodwill and other intangible assets and result in impairment charges in future periods. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and shareholders' equity which could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
the value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value may result in a loss charged to income.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. changes in the economic environment, including periods of increased volatility in the securities markets such as those experienced in connection with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, can increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. declines in the fair value of our investments may occur and material impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in recognized losses.
general risks changes in tax laws and regulations, or challenges to our tax positions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to realize the value of our deferred tax assets.
we have operations in the u.s and internationally. as a result, we are subject to the tax laws of several jurisdictions. from time to time, proposals are made in the u.s. and other jurisdictions that could adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate or tax payments. changes in tax laws and regulations, including a potential increase in u.s. or international corporate tax rates or changes in the deductibility of expenses, or changes in the interpretation of tax laws and regulations by governmental authorities, could have a material impact on the future value of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years and could increase our future tax expense. in addition, we are regularly audited by federal u.s. and other tax authorities. although we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, the final determination of audits and any related litigation in the jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could be materially different from our historical income provisions and accruals. these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, any future increase in our valuation allowance with regard to our deferred tax assets would result in additional income tax expense and a decrease in shareholders' equity, which could materially affect our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the increase occurs. a material decrease in shareholders' equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, which include:
•adverse securities and credit market conditions, which could impact our ability to meet liquidity needs;
•any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles;
•a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting;
•failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies, including data security and data privacy;
•provider fraud that is not prevented or detected and impacts our medical costs or those of self-insured customers;
•failure to protect our proprietary information and other sensitive data; and
•failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
(in millions, except per share data or as otherwise stated herein)
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a"), should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. references to the terms "we," "our," "us," "anthem" or the "company" used throughout this md&a refer to anthem, inc., an indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. references to the "states" include the district of columbia and puerto rico, unless the context otherwise requires.
this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. a detailed discussion of 2019 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
overview we are one of the largest health benefits companies in the united states in terms of medical membership, serving greater than 45 million medical members through our affiliated health plans as of december 31, 2021. we are an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association ("bcbsa"), an association of independent health benefit plans. we serve our members as the blue cross licensee for california and as the blue cross and blue shield ("bcbs") licensee for colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri (excluding 30 counties in the kansas city area), nevada, new hampshire, new york (in the new york city metropolitan area and upstate new york), ohio, virginia (excluding the northern virginia suburbs of washington, d.c.) and wisconsin. in a majority of these service areas, we do business as anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross and blue shield, and empire blue cross blue shield or empire blue cross. in addition, we conduct business through arrangements with other bcbs licensees as well as other strategic partners. through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states across the country as aim specialty health, amerigroup, aspire health, beacon, caremore, freedom health, healthlink, healthsun, mmm, optimum healthcare, simply healthcare, and/or unicare. we offer pharmacy benefits management ("pbm") services through our ingeniorx, inc. ("ingeniorx") subsidiary. we are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states, the district of columbia and puerto rico through our subsidiaries.
we manage our operations by customer types through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx and other.
our results of operations discussed throughout this md&a are determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we also calculate operating gain and operating margin to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. operating margin is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. our definition of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. we use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or fully-diluted earnings per share ("eps") prepared in accordance with gaap. for additional details on operating gain, see our "reportable segments results of operations" discussion included in this md&a. for a reconciliation of reportable segment operating revenue to the amounts of total revenue included in the consolidated statements of income and a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income before income tax expense, see note 20, "segment information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our operating revenue consists of premiums, product revenue, and administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue is generated from risk-based contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life insurance benefits. product revenue represents services performed by ingeniorx for unaffiliated pbm customers and includes ingredient costs (net of any rebates or discounts), including co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, and
administrative fees. unaffiliated pbm customers include our fee-based groups that contract with ingeniorx for pbm services and external customers outside of the health plans we own. administrative fees and other revenue come from fees from our fee-based customers for the processing of transactions or network discount savings realized, revenues from our medicare processing business and revenues from other health-related businesses, including care management programs and miscellaneous other income.
our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our risk-based members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. all four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. a portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by us. any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. while we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. our managed care plans include: preferred provider organizations; health maintenance organizations; point-of-service plans; traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including consumer-driven health plans; and hospital only and limited benefit products.
we classify certain quality improvement costs as benefit expense. quality improvement activities are those designed to improve member health outcomes, prevent hospital readmissions and improve patient safety. they also include expenses for wellness and health promotion provided to our members. these quality improvement costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including care coordination and case management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy, such as identification and use of best clinical practices to avoid harm, identifying clinical errors and safety concerns, and identifying potential adverse drug interactions.
our cost of products sold represents the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by ingeniorx for our unaffiliated pbm customers (net of rebates or discounts), including any co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, per-claim administrative fees for prescription fulfillment and certain direct costs related to sales and administration of customer contracts.
our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of fixed and variable costs. examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. commission expense generally varies with premium or membership volume. other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium but are more aligned with changes in membership. the acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels and thus, associated compensation expense. other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity.
our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our centers for medicare and medicaid services star ratings. several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. the potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, the impact of epidemics and pandemics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
we intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as
well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. in addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. in 2019, we began using our subsidiary ingeniorx to market and offer pbm services, and we expect ingeniorx to continue to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. in 2021, we continued growing our government-sponsored business through organic growth and the acquisition of mmm holdings, llc ("mmm"). in all other markets, we intend to maintain our position by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks.
for additional information about our business and reportable segments, see part i, item 1, "business" and note 20, "segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy, cause market instability and uncertainty in the labor market and put pressure on the healthcare system, and it has impacted, and will likely continue to impact, our membership, our benefit expense and our member behavior, including how members access healthcare services. we continue to assist our customers, providers, members and communities in addressing the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including by providing expanded benefit coverage for covid-19 diagnostic tests, treatment and vaccine administration and taking steps to increase vaccinations by enabling, educating and encouraging vaccine acceptance among our members as well as in the communities in which we operate.
covid-19 care, testing and vaccine administration, and the impact of new covid-19 variants, have resulted in increased medical costs for us in 2021. in 2021, our medicaid membership continued to grow as a result of the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification in response to the covid-19 pandemic, which we expect will remain suspended at least until the second quarter of 2022. our commercial fee-based membership decreased in 2021 due to in-group attrition likely attributable to the covid-19 pandemic. see "business trends - medical cost trends" below for a discussion of the impact of covid-19 on our healthcare costs.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and the full extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. we will continue to monitor the covid-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes to manage our response and assess and mitigate potential adverse impacts to our business. for additional discussion regarding our risks related to the covid-19 pandemic and our other risk factors, see part i, item 1a, "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
business trends the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, as amended (collectively, the "aca"), has impacted our business model and strategy, and various legal challenges since its enactment have introduced increased uncertainty to our business. in june 2021, the u.s. supreme court issued its opinion and dismissed the latest legal challenge to the constitutionality of the aca, leaving the law intact. we expect that most of the aca will continue to remain in place and continue to impact our business operations and results of operations, including pricing, minimum medical loss ratios and the geographies in which our products are available.
in 2021, we made the decision to modestly expand our participation in on-exchange products through state- or federally-facilitated market places (the "public exchange") for 2022 after also expanding in 2021. as a result, for 2022 we are offering public exchange products in 122 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate, in comparison to 103 of 143 rating regions in 2021. our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. changes to our business environment are likely to continue as elected officials at the national and state levels continue to enact, and both elected officials and candidates for election continue to propose, significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to taxes and fees. in addition, the continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight.
our ingeniorx subsidiary markets and offers pbm services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. our comprehensive pbm services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. ingeniorx delegates certain pbm administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to caremarkpcs health, l.l.c., which is a subsidiary of cvs health corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement. with ingeniorx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy.
pricing trends:  we strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. we continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic (including new covid-19 variants, which may be more contagious or severe, or less responsive to treatment or vaccines) and the impacts it may have on our pricing, such as surges in covid-19 related hospitalizations, infection rates, the cost of covid-19 vaccines, testing and treatment and the return of non-covid-19 healthcare utilization to our estimate of normal levels, based on historical utilization patterns. we frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. product pricing in our commercial & specialty business segment, including our individual and small group lines of business, remains competitive. revenues from the medicare and medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments. the aca imposed an annual health insurance provider fee ("hip fee") on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on u.s. risks. we priced our affected products to cover the impact of the hip fee when it was in effect. the hip fee was in effect for 2020 but was permanently repealed beginning in 2021.
medical cost trends: our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. we work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as care and condition management, program integrity and specialty pharmacy management and utilization management, as well as benefit design changes. there are many drivers of medical cost trends that can cause variance from our estimates, such as changes in the level and mix of services utilized, regulatory changes, aging of the population, health status and other demographic characteristics of our members, epidemics, pandemics, advances in medical technology, new high cost prescription drugs, and healthcare provider or member fraud.
the covid-19 pandemic initially caused a decrease in utilization of non-covid-19 health services, which decreased our claim costs in 2020. over the course of the first half of 2021, our non-covid-19 healthcare utilization experience gradually increased toward normalized levels, while covid-19 related healthcare expenses declined and covid-19 vaccination administration costs increased. during the second half of 2021, the covid-19 delta variant caused a significant increase in covid-19 related healthcare utilization as a result of increased testing, treatment, and hospitalization costs, which was partially offset by a reduction in non-covid-19 healthcare utilization. the reduction in non-covid-19 healthcare utilization was particularly notable in the inpatient setting, as some regions limited elective surgeries to preserve limited resources to treat patients hospitalized with covid-19. costs related to child vaccinations and adult boosters were also incurred during the fourth quarter of 2021.
the covid-19 omicron variant increased confirmed covid-19 cases to significant levels at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022. this is expected to further increase covid-19 costs related to testing, treatment and hospitalization costs, but is expected to be partially offset by a reduction in non-covid-19 healthcare utilization. in 2022, we anticipate additional claim costs for new pharmaceutical treatments for covid-19 and compliance with governmental regulations on covid-19 testing reimbursement. we expect claims costs related to covid-19 testing, treatment and hospitalizations to continue throughout 2022 even after the latest wave of covid-19 infections in the u.s. subsides. the continued cost and volume of covered services related to the covid-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our future claim costs. we continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic and its impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and medical cost trends.
for additional discussion regarding business trends, see part i, item 1, "business" of this annual report on form 10-k.
regulatory trends and uncertainties federal and state governments have enacted, and may continue to enact, legislation and regulations in response to the covid-19 pandemic that have had, and we expect will continue to have, a significant impact on health benefits, consumer
eligibility for public programs and our cash flows for all of our lines of business. these actions, which are or have been in effect for various durations, provide, among other things:
•mandates to waive cost-sharing for covid-19 testing, treatment (including over-the-counter testing in accordance with state and federal requirements such as california sb 510 and the january 2022 federal requirements), vaccines and related services;
•reforms, including waiving medicare originating site restrictions for qualified providers of telehealth services;
•financial support to healthcare providers, including expansion of the medicare accelerated payment program to all providers receiving medicare payments;
•mandated expansion of premium payment terms, including the time period for which claims can be denied for lack of payment; and
•mandates related to prior authorizations and payment levels to providers, additional consumer enrollment windows and an increased ability to provide telehealth services.
the consolidated appropriations act of 2021, which was enacted in december 2020 (the "appropriations act"), contains a number of provisions that may have a material effect upon our business, including procedures and coverage requirements related to surprise medical bills and new mandates for continuity of care for certain patients, price comparison tools, disclosure of broker compensation and reporting on pharmacy benefits and drug costs. the health plan-related requirements of the appropriations act have varying effective dates beginning as early as december 2021, some of which have been extended since the enactment of the appropriations act.
the american rescue plan act of 2021, (the "rescue plan"), which was enacted in march 2021, contains several health-related provisions that have impacted our business, including expansion of premium tax credits for our public exchange business and full subsidization of the consolidated omnibus budget reconciliation act ("cobra") continuation coverage for those who were involuntarily terminated or had their work hours reduced. the rescue plan's premium tax provisions became effective in january 2021, while the cobra premium subsidization extended from april through september 2021.
the aca has evolved and various legal challenges since its enactment introduced increased uncertainty to our business. we expect that most of the aca will remain in place and continue to significantly impact our business operations and results of operations; however, federal regulatory agencies continue to modify regulations and guidance related to the aca and our businesses more broadly. we also expect further and ongoing regulatory guidance on a number of issues related to medicare, including evolving methodology for ratings and quality bonus payments. the center for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") is also proposing changes to its program that audits data submitted under the risk adjustment programs in a way that would increase financial recoveries from plans. we will continue to evaluate the impact of the aca as any further developments or judicial rulings occur.
beginning in july 2022, the health plan transparency rule will require us to disclose, on a monthly basis, detailed pricing information regarding negotiated rates for all covered items and services between the plan or issuer and in-network providers and historical payments to, and billed charges from, out-of-network providers. additionally, beginning in 2023, we will be required to make available to members personalized out-of-pocket cost information and the underlying negotiated rates for 500 covered healthcare items and services, including prescription drugs. in 2024, this requirement will expand to all items and services.
the non-deductible hip fee was permanently eliminated beginning in 2021. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized $1,570 as selling, general and administrative expense related to the hip fee. there was no corresponding expense for 2021 due to the elimination of the hip fee beginning in 2021.
for additional discussion regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, and risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k, see part i, item 1, "business - regulation" and part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
other significant items business and operational matters on november 10, 2021, we announced our entrance into an agreement with personal touch holding corporation to acquire integra managed care ("integra"). integra is a managed long-term care plan that serves new york state medicaid members, enabling adults with long-term care needs and disabilities to live safely and independently in their own homes. the acquisition is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2022 and is subject to standard closing conditions and customary approvals.
on june 29, 2021, we completed our acquisition of mmm and its medicare advantage plan, medicaid plan and other affiliated companies from innovacare health, l.p. mmm is a puerto rico-based integrated healthcare organization and seeks to provide its medicare advantage and medicaid members with a whole health experience through its network of specialized clinics and wholly owned independent physician associations. this acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve.
on april 28, 2021, we completed our acquisition of mynexus, inc. ("mynexus") from windrose health investors. mynexus is a comprehensive home-based nursing management company for payors and, at the time of acquisition, delivered integrated clinical support services for medicare advantage members across twenty states. this acquisition aligns with our strategy to manage integrated, whole person multi-site care and support by providing national, large-scale expertise to manage nursing services in the home and facilitate transitions of care.
on february 28, 2020, we completed our acquisition of beacon health options, inc. ("beacon"), which was the largest independently held behavioral health organization in the country. at the time of acquisition, beacon served more than thirty-four million individuals across all fifty states. this acquisition aligned with our strategy to diversify into health services and deliver both integrated solutions and care delivery models that personalize care for people with complex and chronic conditions.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
in 2020, we introduced enterprise-wide initiatives to optimize our business and as a result, recorded a charge of $653 in selling, general and administrative expenses. we believe these initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. in the fourth quarter of 2021, we identified additional office space reductions and related fixed asset impairments due to the continuing covid-19 pandemic and recorded a charge of $202 in selling general and administrative expenses. for additional information, see note 4, "business optimization initiatives" and note 18, "leases," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
litigation matters in the consolidated multi-district proceeding in the united states district court for the northern district of alabama (the "court") captioned in re blue cross blue shield antitrust litigation ("bcbsa litigation"), the blue cross blue shield association (the "bcbsa"), and blue cross and/or blue shield licensees, including us (the "blue plans") have approved a settlement agreement and release (the "subscriber settlement agreement") with the plaintiffs representing a putative nationwide class of health plan subscribers. generally, the lawsuits in the bcbsa litigation challenge elements of the licensing agreements between the bcbsa and the independently owned and operated blue plans. the cases were brought by two putative nationwide classes of plaintiffs, health plan subscribers and providers, and the subscriber settlement agreement applies only to the putative subscriber class. no settlement agreement has been reached with the provider plaintiffs at this time, and the defendants continue to contest the consolidated cases brought by the provider plaintiffs.
if approved by the court, the subscriber settlement agreement will require the defendants to make a monetary settlement payment, our portion of which is estimated to be $594, and will include certain terms imposing non-monetary obligations on the defendants. as of december 31, 2021, the liability balance accrued for our estimated remaining payment obligation was $507, net of payments made. all terms of the subscriber settlement agreement are subject to approval by the
court before they become effective. for additional information regarding the bcbsa litigation, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - blue cross blue shield antitrust litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in january 2019, we exercised our contractual right to terminate our pbm agreement (the "esi pbm agreement") with express scripts, inc. ("express scripts"). we completed the transition of our members from express scripts to ingeniorx by january 1, 2020. notwithstanding our termination of the esi pbm agreement, the litigation between us and express scripts regarding the esi pbm agreement continues. for additional information regarding this lawsuit, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies - litigation and regulatory proceedings - express scripts, inc. pharmacy benefit management litigation," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
selected operating performance during the year ended december 31, 2021, total medical membership increased by 2 million, or 5.7%. the increase in medical membership was driven primarily by growth in our government business' medicaid membership, including organic growth resulting from the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification during the covid-19 pandemic, growth resulting from our acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021 and the launch of our healthyblue managed care alliance in north carolina. our medicare advantage membership also increased due to organic growth and the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021. increases in group risk-based membership resulting from sales exceeding lapses, increases in individual membership due to our public exchange expansion in 2021 and bluecard® increases also contributed to overall membership increases. declines in our group fee-based membership relating to in-group attrition likely attributable to the covid-19 pandemic partially offset the increases in our medical membership.
operating revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $136,943, an increase of $16,135, or 13.4%, from the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in operating revenue was primarily driven by higher premium revenue due mainly to membership growth in our government business segment, including the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021, and increased product revenue in our ingeniorx segment. these increases were partially offset by the impact of lower premium revenue associated with the repeal of the hip fee for 2021.
net income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $6,095, an increase of $1,523, or 33.3%, from the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in net income was primarily due to increased operating gain in all of our business units, as well as increased investment income. the increased operating gain in our business units was due to the absence of charges in 2021 for the bcbsa litigation accrual recognized in the third quarter of 2020 and reduced business optimization charges in 2021. the increase in our investment income resulted from an increase in income derived from our alternative investments in comparison to 2020, partially offset by reduced dividends received on our equity investments.
our fully-diluted shareholders' earnings per share ("eps") for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $24.73, an increase of $6.75, or 37.5%, from the year ended december 31, 2020. our diluted shares for the year ended december 31, 2021 were 246.8, a decrease of 7.5, or 2.9%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in eps resulted from the increase in net income, as well as lower shares outstanding in 2021.
operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $8,364, or approximately 1.4 times net income. operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $10,688, or approximately 2.3 times net income. the decrease in operating cash flow was primarily due to the impact of working capital changes year-over-year, including an increase in receivables and a decline in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher net income in 2021.
membership in the first quarter of 2021, we updated our medical membership reporting to better align with how we view our business. our medical membership now includes the following customer types: individual, group risk-based, group fee-based, bluecard®, medicare, medicaid and our federal employees health benefits ("fehb") program. bcbs-branded business generally refers to members in our service areas licensed by the bcbsa. non-bcbs-branded business refers to members in our non-bcbs-branded amerigroup, freedom health, healthsun, mmm, optimum healthcare and simply healthcare plans, as well as healthlink and unicare members. in addition to the above medical membership, we also serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services that are often ancillary to our health business.
•individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the public exchanges. individual business is sold on a risk-based basis. we offer on-exchange products through public exchanges and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain public exchange individual products. unsubsidized individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network and the efficiency of administration. customer turnover is generally higher with individual as compared to group risk-based. individual business accounted for 1.7%, 1.6% and 1.7% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•group risk-based consists of employer customers who purchase products on a full-risk basis, which are products for which we charge a premium and indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. group risk-based accounts include local group customers and national accounts. local group consists of those employer customers with less than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. in addition, local group includes student health members. national accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an anthem service area with at least 5% of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. group risk-based accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the public exchanges. group risk-based accounted for 8.8%, 8.9% and 9.6% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•group fee-based customers represent employer groups, local group, including unicare members, and national accounts, who purchase fee-based products and elect to retain most or all of the financial risk associated with their employees' healthcare costs. some fee-based customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk. group fee-based accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. group fee-based accounted for 42.7%, 45.5% and 47.2% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•bluecard® host customers represent enrollees of blue cross and/or blue shield plans not owned by anthem who receive healthcare services in our bcbsa licensed markets. bluecard® membership consists of estimated host members using the national bluecard® program. host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an anthem subsidiary is the blue cross and/or blue shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-anthem controlled bcbsa licensee (the "home plan"). we perform certain functions, including claims pricing and administration, for bluecard® members, for which we receive administrative fees from the bluecard® members' home plans. other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. host members are computed using, among other things, the average number of bluecard® claims received per month. bluecard® host membership accounted for 13.6%, 14.1% and 14.8% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare advantage, including special needs plans ("snps"), also known as medicare advantage snps; dual-eligible programs through medicare-medicaid plans ("mmps"); medicare supplement plans; and medicare part d prescription drug plans ("medicare part d"). medicare advantage plans provide medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional medicare and often include a medicare part d benefit. in addition, our
medicare advantage snps provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. medicare advantage snps are coordinated care plans specifically designed to provide targeted care, covering all the healthcare services considered medically necessary for members and often providing professional care coordination services, with personal guidance and programs that help members maintain their health. medicare advantage membership also includes medicare advantage members in our group retiree solutions business who are retired members of commercial accounts or retired members of groups who are not affiliated with our commercial accounts who have selected a medicare advantage product through us. medicare supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by medicare. medicare part d offers a prescription drug plan to medicare and mmp beneficiaries. mmp, which was established as a result of the passage of the aca, is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for medicaid and medicare. medicare supplement and medicare advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. medicare program business accounted for 6.2%, 5.5% and 5.2% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive health benefits through publicly funded healthcare programs, including medicaid, aca-related medicaid expansion programs, temporary assistance for needy families, programs for seniors and people with disabilities, children's health insurance programs, and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support, hiv/aids, foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities or developmental disabilities, among others. total medicaid program business accounted for 23.4%, 20.6% and 17.7% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•fehb members consist of united states government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the bcbsa and the u.s. office of personnel management. fehb business accounted for 3.6%, 3.8% and 3.9% of our medical members at december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
the following table presents our medical membership by reportable segment and customer type as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. also included below is other membership by product. the medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period.
(in thousands)                                           2021                    2020                    2019                  change                   % change                    change                     % change medical membership commercial &amp; specialty business:
total commercial &amp; specialty business          30,338                   30,089                  30,022                   249                        0.8    %                   67                          0.2    %
government business:
medicare advantage                                  1,859                    1,428                   1,214                   431                       30.2    %                  214                         17.6    %
federal employees health benefits                   1,625                    1,623                   1,594                     2                        0.1    %                   29                          1.8    %
total government business                          15,036                   12,836                  10,978                 2,200                       17.1    %                1,858                         16.9    %
other membership life and disability members                         4,782                    5,064                   5,259                 (282)                      (5.6)    %                (195)                        (3.7)    %
medical membership total medical membership increased primarily due to growth in our government business' medicaid membership, including organic growth resulting from the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification during the covid-19 pandemic, growth resulting from our acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021 and the launch of our healthyblue managed care alliance in north carolina. our medicare advantage membership also increased due to organic growth and our acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021. increases in group risk-based membership resulting from sales exceeding lapses, increases in individual membership due to our public exchange expansion in 2021 and bluecard® increases also contributed to overall membership increases. declines in our group fee-based membership relating to in-group attrition likely attributable to the covid-19 pandemic partially offset the increases in our medical membership.
other membership our other membership can be impacted by changes in our medical membership, as our medical members often purchase our other products that are ancillary to our health business. life and disability membership decreased primarily due to the loss of a group risk-based account and membership decreases in our group fee-based business. dental membership increased
primarily due to higher sales in our individual and group risk-based accounts and penetration increases in our fehb program. dental administration membership increased due to growth in our fehb program. vision membership increased primarily as a result of growth in our medicare advantage business.
consolidated results of operations our consolidated summarized results of operations and other information for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:
change years ended december 31                                       2021 vs. 2020                                         2020 vs. 2019
net investment income                                                                     1,378                           877                         1,005                      501                      57.1    %                (128)                      (12.7)    %
net gains on financial instruments                                                          318                           182                            67                      136                      74.7    %                  115                       171.6    %
benefit expense                                                                         102,645                        88,045                        81,786                   14,600                      16.6    %                6,259                         7.7    %
income before income tax expense                                                          7,925                         6,238                         5,985                    1,687                      27.0    %                  253                         4.2    %
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                             9                             -                             -                        9                         -                         -                           -
benefit expense ratio                                                                      87.5   %                      84.6   %                      86.8   %                                               290bp                                               (220)bp selling, general and administrative expense ratio                                          11.6   %                      14.4   %                      13.0   %                                            (280)bp3                                                140bp3
income before income tax expense as a percentage of total revenues                          5.7   %                       5.1   %                       5.7   %                                               60bp3                                               (60)bp3
certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion:
includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and loss on extinguishment of debt.
benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. premiums for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were $117,373, $104,109 and $94,173, respectively. premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above.
total operating revenue increased primarily as a result of higher premium revenue due mainly to membership growth in our government business segment, including related to the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021, and increased product revenue in our ingeniorx segment. these increases were partially offset by the impact of lower premium revenue associated with the repeal of the hip fee for 2021.
net investment income increased primarily due to increases in net income from our alternative investments, partially offset by decreased dividends received on our equity investments.
net gains on financial instruments increased primarily due to increased realized gains on our alternative investments and increased net realized gains on our fixed maturity securities, partially offset by declines in the fair value of equity securities still held.
benefit expense increased primarily due to cost increases resulting from membership growth in our medicaid and medicare businesses, including related to our acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021, and increased covid-19 healthcare costs for both our commercial & specialty business and government business segments.
our benefit expense ratio increased primarily due to the repeal of the hip fee for 2021 and increased covid-19 and non-covid-19 healthcare costs for both our commercial & specialty business and government business segments.
cost of products sold reflects the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by ingeniorx for our unaffiliated pbm customers. cost of products sold increased as the corresponding pharmacy product revenues increased due to growth in customers served by ingeniorx in 2021.
selling, general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to the repeal of the hip fee for 2021, the absence of charges in 2021 for the bcbsa litigation accrual recognized in the third quarter of 2020 and reduced business optimization charges in 2021. these items were partially offset by increased costs to support growth.
our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased primarily due to increased operating revenue in 2021, the absence of charges in 2021 for the bcbsa litigation accrual recognized in the third quarter of 2020, reduced business optimization charges in 2021 and the repeal of the hip fee for 2021. these items were partially offset by increased costs to support growth.
our effective income tax rate decreased primarily due to the repeal of the hip fee for 2021, which was non-deductible for tax purposes.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue increased in 2021 as compared to 2020 as a result of all the factors discussed above.
reportable segments results of operations the following table presents a summary of our reportable segment financial information for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
change years ended december 31                                         2021 vs. 2020                                           2020 vs. 2019
operating revenue commercial &amp; specialty business                       $38,809                       $36,699                       $37,421                   $2,110                         5.7    %                 $(722)                       (1.9)    %
government business                                        82,919                        71,572                        62,632                   11,347                        15.9    %                  8,940                        14.3    %
commercial &amp; specialty business                        $2,753                        $2,681                        $4,032                       72                         2.7    %                (1,351)                      (33.5)    %
government business                                         3,061                         2,444                         2,056                      617                        25.2    %                    388                        18.9    %
operating margin commercial &amp; specialty business                           7.1   %                       7.3   %                      10.8   %                                                (20)bp                                                (350)bp5
government business                                           3.7   %                       3.4   %                       3.3   %                                                 30bp5                                                   10bp5
1includes expenses of $106 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2021; $311 for business optimization initiatives and $524 for the bcbsa litigation recognized in 2020.
2    includes expenses of $47 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2021; $205 for business optimization initiatives and $24 for the bcbsa litigation recognized in 2020.
3    includes expenses of $2 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2021; $4 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
4    includes expenses of $32 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2021; $133 for business optimization initiatives recognized in 2020.
commercial & specialty business operating revenue increased primarily due to premium rate increases in our commercial risk-based businesses designed to cover medical cost trends, increased membership in our commercial risk-based businesses, administrative fee increases in our group fee-based businesses and the absence in 2021 of premium credits provided to members enrolled in select group and individual health plans in response to the covid-19 pandemic in the second quarter of 2020. these increases were partially offset by the impact of lower premium revenue associated with the repeal of the hip fee for 2021.
the increase in operating gain was primarily due to the absence of charges in 2021 for the bcbsa litigation accrual recognized in the third quarter of 2020, reduced business optimization charges in 2021 and the non-recurring premium credits provided to members enrolled in select group and individual health plans in response to the covid-19 pandemic in the second quarter of 2020. these increases were partially offset by increased covid-19 and non-covid-19 healthcare costs in 2021.
government business operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue growth in our medicaid business, driven by the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification, which we expect will remain suspended at least until the second quarter of 2022, and the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021. medicare membership growth in our medicare business and the impact of the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021 also contributed to operating revenue growth. these increases were partially offset by the impact of lower premium revenue associated with the repeal of the hip fee for 2021, increased experience-rated refunds in our medicaid business and lower risk-based revenue in our medicare business.
the increase in operating gain was primarily driven by membership increases in both our medicaid and medicare businesses, including due to the acquisition of mmm on june 29, 2021, and reduced business optimization charges in 2021. these increases were partially offset by an increase in covid-19 and non-covid-19 healthcare costs, increased experience-rated refunds in our medicaid business and lower risk-based revenue in our medicare business.
ingeniorx operating revenue and operating gain increased as a result of higher drug spend from ingeniorx customers, including spend related to increased medicaid membership within our government business segment.
other operating revenue increased primarily due to higher administrative fees and other revenue for services performed by our diversified business group for our commercial & specialty business and government business segments, primarily due to the implementation of affiliated behavioral health capitation contracts. in addition, unaffiliated revenues from beacon, aim and mynexus contributed to the overall increase.
the decrease in operating loss was driven by reduced business optimization charges in 2021 and a decline in unallocated corporate expenses in 2021.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. application of gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this md&a. we consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. our other significant accounting policies are summarized in note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third-party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances. estimates can require a significant amount of judgment, and a different set of assumptions could result in material changes to our reported results.
medical claims payable the most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. at december 31, 2021, this liability was $13,518 and represented 22% of our total consolidated liabilities. we record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 96%, or $12,998, of our total medical claims liability as of december 31, 2021; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 4%, or $520, of the total medical claims payable as of december 31, 2021. the level of claims
payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period-end to the next, from approximately 1% to 5% of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made.
liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in the aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. our reserving practice for claim liabilities is to consistently recognize the appropriate amount of reserve within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards of practice. we determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a detailed actuarial process that uses both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into "claim triangles," which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. this information is analyzed to create "completion factors" that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period-end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims.
for the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. this makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather, they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare trend levels ("trend factors").
because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. these adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. a comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. in our comparison to prior periods, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather, the availability of additional paid claims information drives changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense. the impact from covid-19 on healthcare utilization and medical claims submission patterns has increased estimation uncertainty on our incurred but not reported liability at december 31, 2021. slowdowns in claims submission patterns and increases in utilization levels for covid-19 testing and treatment during 2021 are the primary factors that lead to the increased estimation uncertainty.
we regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. we continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. if it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are materially different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary's judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. that determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable.
while there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of december 31, 2021 were the completion and trend factors. as discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations.
there is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. as previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. in our analysis for the claim liabilities at december 31, 2021, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower estimated variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points.
the difference in completion factor assumptions results in variability of 2%, or approximately $242, in the december 31, 2021 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion factors chosen. it is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. however, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein.
the other major assumption used in the establishment of the december 31, 2021 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. in our analysis for the period ended december 31, 2021, there was a 320 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors. this range of trend factors would imply variability of 4%, or approximately $487, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at december 31, 2021. the covid-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on 2021 dates of service. our expenses associated with covid-19 accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by the benefit from a lower volume of healthcare claims attributable to decreased utilization of non-covid-19 health services. we will continue to monitor emerging experience in order to better understand the possible implications to our reserves.
see note 12, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. in note 12, "medical claims payable," the line labeled "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" accounts for those adjustments made to prior year estimates. the impact of any reduction of "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" may be offset as we establish the estimate of "net incurred medical claims: current year." our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. when we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material.
the ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 87.8% for 2021, 87.7% for 2020 and 89.3% for 2019. this ratio serves as an indicator of claims processing speed whereby 2021 claims were processed at a similar speed to 2020, but slower than in 2019.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred claims payable less prior year redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior year reserves. for the year ended december 31, 2021, this metric was 18.1%, reflecting the estimation uncertainty due to covid-19 at the end of 2020, and was largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2020 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2020. for the year ended december 31, 2020, this metric was 8.0%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2019 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2019. for the year ended december 31, 2019, this metric was 7.4%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2018 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2018.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred medical claims to indicate the percentage of redundancy included in the preceding year calculation of current year net incurred medical claims. we believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. for the year ended december 31, 2021, this metric was 2%, which was calculated using the redundancy of $1,703. this metric was 0.8% for 2020 and 0.7% for 2019. we believe these metrics support the reasonableness of our estimates. the 2021 metric was impacted by the estimation uncertainty due to covid-19.
the following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in note 12, "medical claims payable," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for each of 2020 and 2019 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as the difference between "net incurred medical claims - current year" for the year shown and "net incurred medical claims - prior years redundancies" for the immediately following year):
given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with the benefit of one year of experience. we expect that substantially all of the development of the 2021 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2022.
the 2020 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of 1.3% was greater than the 2019 percentage of 0.2%. this was driven by the fact that the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2020 as compared to 2019 was greater than the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2019 as compared to 2018.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion may be unrealized. our judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance.
at each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following:
•the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim;
•the tax rate at which the deferred tax assets will likely be utilized in the future;
•the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and
•any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences.
we, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. in evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the applicable guidance. to the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. if we are required to pay more than accrued, our future effective tax rate would increase and net income would decrease. our effective tax rate and net income in any given future period could be materially impacted.
in the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local appeals processes. we believe we have adequately
provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations or financial condition from these matters.
for additional information, see note 8, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets our consolidated goodwill at december 31, 2021 was $24,228 and other intangible assets were $10,615. the sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 35.8% of our total consolidated assets and 96.6% of our consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2021.
we follow fasb guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, which include goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately.
we complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. these tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur. we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which is an indication that our goodwill may be impaired. these qualitative impairment tests include assessing events and factors that could affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. our procedures include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific factors and entity specific events. if we determine that a reporting unit's goodwill may be impaired after utilizing these qualitative impairment analysis procedures, we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test.
our quantitative impairment test utilizes the projected income and market valuation approaches for goodwill and the projected income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. use of the projected income and market valuation approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. the projected income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. these estimated future cash flows are then discounted. our assumed discount rate is based on our industry's weighted-average cost of capital. market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including revenue; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; and book value of invested capital (debt and equity) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2021 annual impairment tests, as it was determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of december 31, 2021. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months.
if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions" and note 10, "goodwill and other intangible assets," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
investments current and long-term marketable investment securities were $28,780 at december 31, 2021 and represented 29.5% of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2021. we classify fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" and report those securities at fair value. certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity.
our impairment review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors. such factors considered include the extent to which a security's market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends.
prior to 2020, our fixed maturity securities were evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment where credit-related impairments were presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income with an adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. effective january 1, 2020, if a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we write down the fixed maturity security's cost basis to fair value and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. for impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or if it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, we recognize the credit component of the impairment as an allowance for credit loss in our consolidated balance sheets and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. the non-credit component of the impairment is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit-related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income.
the credit component of an impairment is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. the net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of purchase. for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral, including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. for all other securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default.
we have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. we believe that we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. we have established an allowance for credit loss and recorded credit loss expense as a reflection of our expected impairment losses. given the inherent uncertainty of changes in market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional impairment losses on investments may be recorded in future periods.
in addition to marketable investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of $5,225, or 5.4% of total consolidated assets, at december 31, 2021. these long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, the cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies, mortgage loans and real estate. due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term.
through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. we manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition. our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $26,899 at december 31, 2021. the weighted-average credit rating of these securities was "a"
as of december 31, 2021. included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions of $1,095 that are guaranteed by third parties. with the exception of nineteen securities with a fair value of $27, these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2021. the securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors, and we do not have any material exposure to any single guarantor, neither indirectly through the guarantees, nor directly through investment in the guarantor. further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of the fixed maturity securities without a guarantee, for which such information is available, was "a" as of december 31, 2021.
fair values of fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. these fair values are obtained primarily from third-party pricing services, which generally use level i or level ii inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with fasb guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. we have controls in place to review the pricing services' qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. in addition, we periodically review the pricing services' pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable.
we obtain quoted market prices for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in these valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. our analysis includes procedures such as a review of month-to-month price fluctuations and price comparisons to secondary pricing services. there were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. such securities are designated level iii in accordance with fasb guidance. securities designated level iii at december 31, 2021 totaled $449 and represented approximately 1.3% of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. our level iii securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities and equity securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," note 5, "investments," and note 7, "fair value," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
retirement benefits pension benefits we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. these plans are accounted for in accordance with fasb guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. as permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods.
an important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. as of our december 31, 2021 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 5.02%. we use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. the assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. we believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. however, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase.
this assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is included in the determination of pension expense. we apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. the net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. we use the annual spot rate approach for setting our discount rate. under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan's cash flows to determine the plan's obligation. at the december 31, 2021 measurement date, the weighted-average discount rate under the annual spot rate approach was 2.70%, compared to 2.24% at the december 31, 2020 measurement date. the net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with fasb guidance.
in managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. plan assets include a diversified mix of equity securities, investment grade fixed maturity securities and other types of investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize long-term return for a prudent level of risk. in addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow.
other postretirement benefits we provide some associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. we use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in healthcare costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits.
at our december 31, 2021 measurement date, the selected discount rate for all plans was 2.49%, compared to a discount rate of 1.99% at the december 31, 2020 measurement rate. we developed this rate using the annual spot rate approach as described above.
the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-medicare (those who are not currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2021 measurement date was 7.00% for 2022 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2033. the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-medicare (those who are currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2021 measurement date was 5.50% for 2022 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2033. these estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future.
for additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see note 11, "retirement benefits," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended december 31, 2021 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the "recently adopted accounting guidance" and "recent accounting guidance not yet adopted" sections of note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources introduction our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, product revenue, administrative fees and other revenue, investment income, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments,
administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. cash outflows fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity.
we manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. we forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy.
a substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations.
the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. the securities and credit markets have in the past experienced higher than normal volatility, although current market conditions are more stable. interest rates on fixed income securities are expected to rise in 2022, which could increase our borrowing costs if we elect to issue debt. during recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. in addition, governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide stability and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions. further, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the federal government has established a number of programs to provide liquidity to the financial system that provides lending to states, municipalities, and eligible businesses.
a summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:
years ended december 31                                                    $ change
net cash provided by operating activities                                                            $8,364                       $10,688                      $6,061                   $(2,324)                        $4,627
purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions             (4,056)                       (3,433)                     (1,919)                      (623)                       (1,514)
effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                          (10)                             7                           -                       (17)                             7
liquidity-year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the impact of working capital changes year-over-year, including an increase in receivables and a decline in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by higher net income in 2021.
other significant changes in sources and uses of cash year-over-year included an increase in net proceeds received from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term and long-term debt, net of repayments and reduced amounts for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock, partially offset by an increase in cash paid for the purchases of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired.
financial condition we maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities of $33,660 at december 31, 2021. since december 31, 2020, total cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities increased by $2,365, primarily due to cash generated from operations. this increase was partially offset by cash used for acquisitions, common stock repurchases, purchases of property and equipment and cash dividends paid to shareholders.
many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from gaap. changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, could impact our subsidiaries' future dividend capacity. in addition, we have agreed to certain undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2021, we held $1,194 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments.
periodically, we access capital markets and issue debt ("notes") for long-term borrowing purposes, for example, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. certain of these notes may have a call feature that allows us to redeem the notes at any time at our option and/or a put feature that allows a note holder to redeem the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating. for more information on our debt, including redemptions and issuances, see note 13, "debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-gaap measure, from the amounts presented on our audited consolidated balance sheets included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total debt plus total shareholders' equity. total debt is the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt, less current portion. we believe our debt-to-capital ratio assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. in addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 38.9% and 37.6% as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
our senior debt is rated "a" by s&p global, "bbb" by fitch ratings, inc., "baa2" by moody's investor service, inc. and "bbb+" by am best company, inc. we intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. if our credit ratings are downgraded, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs.
capital resources we have a shelf registration statement on file with the sec to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes,
including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansions.
we have a senior revolving credit facility (the "5-year facility") available in the amount of $2,500 with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. on june 3, 2021, we terminated our 364-day senior revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in june 2021 (the "prior 364-day facility"), and entered into a new 364-day senior revolving credit facility (the "new 364-day facility" and together with the 5-year facility, the "credit facilities") with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. the new 364-day facility provides for credit in the amount of $1,000 and matures in june 2022. our ability to borrow under these credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt-to-capital ratio of not more than 60%, subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the applicable credit agreement. we do not believe the restrictions contained in these covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. there were no amounts outstanding under the 5-year facility or the new 364-day facility at december 31, 2021.
through certain subsidiaries, we have entered into multiple 364-day lines of credit (the "subsidiary credit facilities") with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. the subsidiary credit facilities provide combined credit up to $200. our ability to borrow under the subsidiary credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. at december 31, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings under the subsidiary credit facilities.
we have a $3,500 commercial paper program, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our credit facilities, which provide for combined credit in the amount of $3,500, to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. while there is no assurance in the current economic environment, we believe the lenders participating in our credit facilities, if market conditions allow, would be willing to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. at december 31, 2021, we had $300 outstanding under our commercial paper program.
we are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the federal home loan bank of indianapolis, the federal home loan bank of cincinnati, the federal home loan bank of atlanta and the federal home loan bank of new york, collectively (the "fhlbs"). as a member, we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances, subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. at december 31, 2021, we had $275 outstanding short-term borrowings from the fhlbs.
as discussed in "financial condition" above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. based upon these requirements, we currently estimate that approximately $3,000 of dividends will be paid to the parent company during 2022. during 2021, we received $3,134 of dividends from our subsidiaries.
in addition to regulations regarding the timing and amount of dividends, our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital ("rbc") requirements for health and other insurance companies and hmos largely based on the national association of insurance commissioners ("naic") risk-based capital (rbc) for health organizations model act ("rbc model act"). these rbc requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. the naic sets forth the formula for calculating the rbc requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company's business. in general, under the rbc model act, an insurance company must submit a report of its rbc level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. our regulated subsidiaries' respective rbc levels as of december 31, 2021, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all applicable mandatory rbc requirements. in addition to exceeding these rbc requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the bcbsa and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our california subsidiaries. for additional information, see note 22, "statutory information," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
future sources and uses of liquidity short-term liquidity requirements as previously described, our cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. we believe cash on hand, operating cash receipts, investments and amounts available under our commercial paper and credit facilities will be adequate to fund our expected cash disbursements over the next twelve months.
long-term liquidity requirements as of december 31, 2021, our long-term cash disbursements required under various contractual obligations and commitments were:
•debt and interest expense: future debt and estimated interest payments were $24,412, with $2,935 due within the next twelve months. for additional information, see note 13 "debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•operating leases: we lease office space and certain computer equipment, for which the future estimated payments were $1,092, with $211 due within the next twelve months. for additional information, see note 18 "leases" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•other liabilities: these liabilities primarily consist of future policy reserves, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. amounts due within twelve months were $29, with $1,233 due in future periods. estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from these numbers, as we had no funding requirements under the employee retirement income security act of 1974, as amended, at december 31, 2021, as a result of the value of the assets in the plans. in addition, gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities have not been included. for further information, see note 8, "income taxes," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•purchase obligations: these obligations include estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service vendors. amounts due within the next twelve months for these purchase obligations were $886, while longer term payments were $5,048. for further information, see note 14, "commitments and contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
•investment commitments: these include unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments and low-income housing tax credits. estimated amounts due were $1,558, including $249 due within the next twelve months.
in addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. however, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments.
we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. the declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
on january 25, 2022, our audit committee declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $1.28 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. this quarterly dividend is payable on march 25, 2022 to the shareholders of record as of march 10, 2022.
under our board of directors' authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. on january 26, 2021, our audit committee, pursuant to authorization granted by the board of directors, authorized a $5,000 increase to our common stock repurchase program. as of december 31, 2021, we had board authorization of $4,192 to repurchase our common stock.
we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
we do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. we have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. we do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support. see note 2 "subsidiary transactions" of the notes to condensed financial statements included in part iii, item 15 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional detail on the anthem, inc. parent guarantees of certain subsidiaries.