item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the price of our common stock. additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the price of our common stock.
macroeconomic and market risks we are directly affected by the state of the global economy and anti-trade measures. while macroeconomic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. the transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods - key macroeconomic measurements influenced by, among other things, inflation and deflation, supply chain disruptions, interest rates and currency exchange rates, labor costs, fuel and energy prices, buying patterns, debt levels, credit availability and disposable income. when individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies move manufacturing closer to consumer markets and expand the number of distribution centers, we transport goods shorter distances. certain retailers are making investments to house goods in closer proximity to customers in connection with the recent growth in e-commerce demand, and we expect this trend to continue. in addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. moreover, as we continue to grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the global economy, the rate of growth of global trade, world trade policies, international taxes, government-to-government relations and the typically more volatile economies of emerging markets. for instance, anti-trade and protectionist measures adopted by the u.s. or other countries in which we do business, such as trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes, sanctions, or retaliation by another country against such measures, could result in economic uncertainty and instability, resulting in fewer goods being transported globally.
the uncertainty regarding the status of the united kingdom's exit from the eu ("brexit") has negatively impacted the united kingdom's and the eu's economies. this negative impact will likely continue until the united kingdom and eu complete a post-brexit trade deal, which is still in the process of being implemented. any additional impact of brexit will depend on application of the terms of the trade deal. further discussion between the parties on implementation of the trade deal could trigger significant market and economic disruption, and the demand for our services could be depressed. following brexit, the movement of goods between the united kingdom and the remaining member states of the eu has become subject to additional inspections and documentation checks, which may create delays at ports of entry and departure and potentially impact our ability to effectively provide our services. additionally, depending on the application of the terms of the trade deal we may face new regulations regarding trade, aviation, tax, security and employees, among others, in the united kingdom. compliance with such regulations could be costly, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. the post-brexit trade deal could also adversely affect european and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the euro and the british pound.
we expect continued uncertainty in the global economy during 2022. additionally, we incurred higher costs due to labor market challenges in 2021, and we expect such conditions to continue to be present in 2022. for more information, see "our failure to retain or attract employee talent or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely impact our business and results of operations." below and "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report.
additional changes in international trade policies and relations could significantly reduce the volume of goods transported globally and adversely affect our business and results of operations. the u.s. government has made and maintained significant changes in u.s. trade policy and has taken certain actions that have negatively impacted u.s. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the u.s. several governments, including the eu, china and india, have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the u.s. these actions contributed to weakness in the global economy that adversely affected our results of operations in recent years. any further changes in u.s. or international trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in "trade wars" and further increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay those tariffs increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose anti-trade measures. political uncertainty surrounding international trade and other disputes could also have a negative effect on business and consumer confidence and spending. such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
additionally, the u.s. government has taken action to limit the ability of domestic companies to engage in commerce with certain foreign entities under certain circumstances, and foreign governments may investigate our compliance with these restrictions. furthermore, given the nature of our business and our global recognizability, foreign governments may target fedex by limiting the ability of foreign entities to do business with us in certain instances, imposing monetary or other penalties or taking other retaliatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of jet and vehicle fuel. we must purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel is beyond our control and can be highly volatile. in addition, our purchased transportation expense may be impacted by fuel costs. to date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. if we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. as of may 31, 2021, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel price fluctuations. even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. in addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation networks. weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing, changes in refining capacity, environmental concerns, cyberattacks and other unpredictable events may impact fuel supply and could result in shortages and price increases in the future.
operating risks a significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business or results of operations. our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. for example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. we are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals and malicious employees or other insiders of fedex or third-party service providers. data breaches of companies and governments have increased in recent years as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased and we, our customers and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected information technology systems. additionally, risks such as code anomalies, "acts of god," transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our fedex enterprise automation platforms, data leakage, cyber-fraud and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services, systems and data and could result in unauthorized or block legitimate access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.
the technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition. see "failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer." below for additional information on risks related to our recent acquisition of shoprunner and launch of fedex dataworks.
we also depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. such third parties may host, process or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, cyberattacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. we have security processes, protocols and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties' security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees and vendors or disrupt our operations. these third parties may also experience operational disruptions or human error that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.
a disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and websites, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of some or all of their business to our competitors. the foregoing could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operations, customer service and results of operations. additionally, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created. these types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity or availability of company and customer information was compromised due to a data loss by fedex or a trusted third party. we or the third parties with which we share information may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs.
we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more frequent, intense and sophisticated. despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. for instance, in 2017 tnt express worldwide operations were significantly affected due to the infiltration of an information-technology virus known as notpetya. in 2017 fedex was one of many companies attacked by the rapidly spreading ransomware described as wannacry that exploited vulnerability in a third-party software program and infected computers using that program, encrypting files and holding them for ransom. during 2018, we discovered an unsecured server hosted by one of our third-party cloud service providers, which exposed some archived account information related to a service discontinued after our 2015 acquisition of bongo international, llc. the server has been secured, and we have found no indication that any information has been misappropriated in connection with the incident. additionally, we have experienced continual attempts by cyber criminals, some of which were successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network. none of the wannacry ransomware attack, unsecured server or fraudulent cyber activities caused a material disruption to our systems or resulted in any material costs to fedex.
while we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the future. additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. see "our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding data protection." below for additional information on risks related to legal and regulatory developments with respect to data protection.
the continuing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition is highly unpredictable. the covid-19 pandemic has had varying impacts on the demand for our services, our business operations and the global economy and supply chains. there is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which covid-19 will continue to spread in certain regions of the world and the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, business and government shutdowns and other restrictions. this uncertainty is expected to continue to impact our business in 2022.
we have experienced unprecedented demand for our residential delivery services, rivaling our peak holiday season traffic. we have incurred increased costs associated with this demand and lower composite yields than our typical service mix. in addition, demand for our commercial service offerings increased throughout 2021 as covid-19 restrictions moderated globally while air freight capacity remained constrained. our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which has required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic. if we are unable to remain agile and continue to flex our networks to align with shipping volumes, customer needs, disrupted global supply chains and other network inefficiencies, market demands and operating conditions, or are unable to continuously respond to evolving governmental policies for the duration of a prolonged period of economic recovery, our business operations could be negatively impacted, which could have a further adverse effect on our results of operations.
we have also incurred increased operating expenses related to personal protective equipment and medical/safety supplies, as well as additional security and cleaning services, in order to protect our team members and customers. due to the size, scope and geographically dispersed nature of our operations, the expenses we incur to protect the health and safety of certain of our employees may be higher than similar expenses incurred by companies in other industries.
additionally, a significant number of our employees as well as customers and others with whom we do business continue to work remotely in response to the covid-19 pandemic. our business operations may be disrupted, and we may experience increased risk of adverse effects on our business, if a significant portion of our workforce or certain business operations are negatively impacted as a result of remote work arrangements, including due to cyber risks or other disruption to our technology infrastructure.
the continuing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including the extent of its effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition as well as the global economy, will be dictated by future developments that remain uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as its duration and spread, the success of efforts to contain it and treat its impact, the possibility of additional subsequent widespread outbreaks and variant strains and the impact of actions taken in response, resulting effects on the economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate, the future rate of e-commerce growth and the timeline for recovery of passenger airline cargo capacity. certain financial and operating metrics that we reported for 2021 may not be indicative of results for future periods once the impact of the covid-19 pandemic subsides.
to the extent the covid-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks described in this section, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. such risks include, but are not limited to, additional changes in the state of the global economy and international trade policies and relations; our ability to implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences; our strong reputation and the value of the fedex brand; our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs; our ability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage, and grow acquired businesses; changes in the business and financial soundness of the usps; our ability to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040; and the impact of litigation or claims from customers, team members, suppliers, regulators or other third parties relating to the covid-19 pandemic or our actions in response to the pandemic.
for more information about the covid-19 pandemic and its effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results-impact of the covid-19 pandemic" of this annual report.
we are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations, and insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on us. we are self-insured up to certain limits that vary by type of risk for costs associated with workers' compensation claims, vehicle accidents, property and cargo loss, general business liabilities and benefits paid under employee healthcare and disability programs. our reserves are established for estimates of loss on all incurred claims, including incurred-but-not-reported claims. our self-insurance accruals are primarily based on estimated costs determined by actuarial methods. estimated costs include consideration of a variety of factors and related assumptions such as the severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality and plan designs, which may be subject to a high degree of variability. however, the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive. material increases in the magnitude of claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, insurance retention levels, judgment and settlement amounts, associated legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. as a result, our insurance and claims costs could increase materially which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. during 2021, higher self-insurance accruals at fedex ground negatively impacted our results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for more information.
as a supplement to our self-insurance program, we maintain coverage with excess insurance carriers for potential losses that exceed the amounts we self-insure. periodically, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels based on risk tolerance, risk volatility and premium expense. although we believe our aggregate insurance limits should be sufficient to cover our historic claims amounts, the commercial trucking industry has experienced a wave of blockbuster or so-called "nuclear" verdicts, including some instances in which juries have awarded hundreds of millions of dollars to those injured in accidents and their families. given this recent trend, it is possible that one or more claims could exceed our aggregate coverage limits. if any claim were to exceed our aggregate insurance coverage, we would bear the excess in addition to our other self-insured amounts.
given the current claims environment, the amount of coverage available from excess insurance carriers is decreasing and the premiums for this excess coverage are increasing significantly. accordingly, our excess insurance and claims expenses may increase, or we could increase our self-insured retention as policies are renewed or replaced. our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our costs or losses significantly exceed our aggregate coverage limits, we are unable to obtain excess insurance coverage in amounts we deem sufficient, our insurance carriers fail to pay on our insurance claims, or we experience a claim for which coverage is not provided.
the transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities. because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. these security requirements are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. for example, the tsa requires fedex express to comply with a full all-cargo aircraft operator standard security plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. additionally, the icao's standard that previously allowed a member state to permit carriers and other entities to determine, without government oversight, which shippers and shipments are secure for purposes of putting those shipments on all-cargo aircraft was modified effective july 1, 2021. as a result, we are now required to undertake additional security measures for international outbound shipments. it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. the impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of aircraft by parties to those conflicts can also be significant. moreover, a terrorist attack directed at fedex or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services.
strategic risks failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer. we are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as investments in aircraft fleet modernization, strategic investments to increase capacity and improve productivity and safety, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub modernization and expansion programs. additionally, we are executing initiatives to use data to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members, as well as to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in europe. see "item 1. business" and "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for additional information.
such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures. we have also incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating expenses in connection with certain changes to our business strategy. we may not be able to derive the expected value from our strategic investments and other decisions. for example, in 2021 we announced proposals to resize our european workforce as fedex express nears the completion of the network integration of tnt express, including through consultations with works council representatives from across the region. the actual amount and timing of cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans may differ from our current expectations and estimates. if we are not able to successfully implement this plan, our future financial results may suffer.
changes in our business strategy may also expose us to new and heightened risks. for example, shoprunner, which we acquired in december 2020, collects and stores certain personal data of its merchants and their buyers, its partners, consumers with whom it has a direct relationship and users of its applications. additionally, it uses third-party service providers and subprocessors to help deliver services to merchants and their buyers. these service providers and subprocessors may store or access personal data, including payment information and/or other confidential information. the foregoing factors increase the risk of data incidents and the amount of potential exposure in the event of a data breach. developing privacy legislation within the u.s. may also create limitations or added requirements on the use of personal data within and among fedex dataworks, shoprunner and the other fedex operating companies.
further, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, the future rate of e-commerce growth, competition and the global economy, and actual market, economic and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. as technology, customer behavior and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. if we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences, our future financial results will suffer. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "strategy."
our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the fedex brand. the fedex brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. fedex is one of the most widely recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the fedex brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. in addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. the fedex brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our team members or others with whom we do business, such as customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft, vehicles or facilities operated by us; low service or safety levels; data breaches or technology infrastructure disruptions; noncompliance with laws; the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law; or our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. with the increase in the use of social media outlets such as facebook, youtube, instagram, twitter and tiktok, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly without context, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. further, our actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation with certain groups. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.
changes in the business or financial soundness of the usps could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. the usps is the largest customer of fedex express, which provides domestic air transportation services for the usps's first class mail, priority mail express and priority mail and transportation and delivery for the usps's international delivery service. the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the usps. additionally, the usps continues to experience budgetary uncertainty as well as increased political debate regarding potential privatization or restructuring of its operations. the usps is currently implementing strategic changes to its operations to reduce its reliance on the air networks of fedex express and other transportation providers. these or additional difficulties or changes in the usps's business, including its ability to access capital, any structural changes to its operations, network, volume levels, service offerings, service commitments or pricing, could negatively impact our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. further, a decision by the usps to terminate early or not renew its contract with fedex express for domestic services, which expires in september 2024, would negatively impact our profitability.
our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. we make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. we also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the companies that we acquire. the amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. we must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. we must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively impact operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively impact service levels.
we face intense competition. the transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, appear willing to operate at little or no margin to gain market share, or they are owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. we also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. in addition, some high-volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn reduce our revenues and market share. for example, amazon.com is investing significant capital to establish a network of hubs, aircraft and vehicles.
we believe we compete effectively with these companies - for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. however, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our revenues and market share. while we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. continued transportation industry consolidation may further increase competition. moreover, if high-volume package shippers further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it may reduce our revenue and could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. these impacts could be exacerbated if high-volume package shippers attempt to offer such capabilities to third parties. news regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively impact the price of our common stock.
additionally, advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems; automated package sorting, handling and delivery; autonomous delivery; vehicle platooning; alternative fuel vehicles; and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments.
our inability to execute and effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances could materially adversely affect us. our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions, form joint ventures or strategic alliances and realize the expected benefits from these transactions. we have acquired businesses in europe, latin america, africa, the u.s., asia and australia over the past several years, including tnt express. expected tnt express integration costs have increased significantly since the acquisition was completed in 2016, and parts of the integration have taken longer than initially expected. in order to fully leverage the capabilities that tnt express adds to our portfolio, we must complete the final phase of fedex express and tnt express international air network interoperability.
acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve special accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources, cultural and other risks. additionally, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures and/or incur certain operating expenses following the completion of certain transactions, which may be higher than initially expected. for example, existing and future customer data in the systems and business of fedex and shoprunner, which we acquired in december 2020, may not be immediately interoperable, or may not be interoperable without significant added expense.
while we expect our past and future acquisitions and strategic transactions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our business and long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. in 2020 we incurred goodwill impairment charges of $358 million related to fedex office and fedex supply chain, eliminating all of the goodwill attributable to these reporting units. for additional information, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results-goodwill and other asset impairment charges" of this annual report.
our autonomous delivery strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational and regulatory risks. as discussed further in "item 1. business" under "fedex services segment-customer driven technology-autonomous delivery technology," we are exploring the use of autonomous delivery technologies within our operations. autonomous delivery is a new and evolving market, which makes it difficult to predict its acceptance, growth, the magnitude and timing of necessary investments and other trends. this aspect of our business strategy is subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including: the ability to continue to develop autonomous delivery software and hardware; access to sufficient capital; our ability to develop and maintain necessary partnerships; risks related to the manufacture of autonomous devices; and significant competition from other companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to autonomous delivery technologies than we do.
in addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous delivery devices on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. to the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous delivery devices occur, we could be subject to liability, government scrutiny, further regulation and reputational damage. any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
human resource management risks our failure to retain or attract employee talent or maintain our company culture, as well as increases in labor and purchased transportation costs, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding fedex team members. difficulties in motivating, rewarding, retaining and recruiting employee talent, including successors to members of senior management, or the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, reputation and the price of our common stock. certain positions at fedex have historically experienced high turnover rates, which can lead to increased recruiting, training and retention costs. additionally, our company culture is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our growing operations and other factors. if we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed.
our business is labor intensive in nature, and our ability to meet our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the markets where we and contracted service providers operate, inflation, unemployment levels within these markets, prevailing wage rates, behavioral changes, health and other insurance costs, safety levels of our operations, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations (including increased minimum wage requirements) or government programs and our reputation within the labor market. we incurred higher costs due to labor market challenges in 2021, and we expect such conditions to continue to be present in 2022. additionally, we are incurring increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements in response to the covid-19 pandemic. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of this annual report for more information. our inability to effectively meet our labor and purchased transportation needs can hinder our ability to execute our business strategy, negatively impact service levels and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. if we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and avoid having labor organizations organize groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots at fedex express and drivers at one fedex freight, inc. facility, our u.s. employees have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired fedex supply chain in 2015, which already had a small number of employees who are members of unions). additionally, certain of fedex express's non-u.s. employees are unionized.
our collective bargaining agreement with the alpa, which represents the pilots of fedex express, is scheduled to become amendable in november 2021. bargaining for a successor agreement began in may 2021. while collective bargaining agreements under the rla, which covers the pilots at fedex express, do not expire, we may be unable to maintain certain favorable terms included in the current collective bargaining agreement following negotiations with the alpa. our inability to successfully reach new collective bargaining agreements with the alpa and other unions representing fedex employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the u.s. congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. for example, there is always a possibility that congress could remove most fedex express employees from the jurisdiction of the rla. for additional discussion of the rla, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation." such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the rla was designed to prevent - local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets.
there is also the possibility that congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as fedex ground and fedex freight, whose employees are governed by the nlra. in addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the national mediation board and the national labor relations board, have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees to organize under the rla or nlra. finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of fedex ground's service providers as independent employers of drivers. if fedex ground is deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these service providers, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur significant capital outlays.
fedex ground relies on service providers to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these service providers as direct employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged. we are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that fedex ground should be treated as an employer of the drivers employed by service providers engaged by fedex ground. we incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of service providers engaged by fedex ground as direct employers of their drivers. we continue to believe that fedex ground is not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent businesses. however, adverse determinations in these matters or regulatory developments could, among other things, entitle service providers' drivers to certain wage payments from the service providers and fedex ground, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for fedex ground.
proposed pilot flight and duty time regulations could impair our operations and impose substantial costs on us. in 2010, the faa proposed regulations that would change the flight and duty time rules applicable to all-cargo air carriers. when the faa issued final regulations in 2011 (the "2011 regulations"), all-cargo carriers, including fedex express, were exempt from these new requirements. instead, all-cargo carriers were required to continue complying with previously enacted flight and duty time rules and allowed to pursue the development of fatigue risk management systems to develop fatigue mitigations unique to each operation. in 2012, the faa reaffirmed the exclusion of all-cargo carriers from the 2011 regulations, and litigation in the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia affirmed the faa's decision. however, this issue remains a policy priority for certain labor groups, and the u.s. congress is currently considering legislation that, if adopted, would require all-cargo carriers to comply with the 2011 regulations. required compliance with the 2011 regulations would make it more difficult to avoid pilot fatigue and could impose substantial costs on us in order to maintain operational reliability.
increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. we sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. these programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and postretirement healthcare plans. the costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, investment returns on plan assets, salary increases, expected retirement, mortality, employee turnover and future increases in healthcare costs. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as significant declines in the value of investments that fund our pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and we could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. additionally, the rules for pension and retirement benefit plan accounting are complex, involve numerous assumptions and can produce volatility in our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. for example, our fourth quarter mark-to-market ("mtm") retirement plans accounting adjustment resulted in a pre-tax noncash $1.2 billion gain ($936 million, net of tax, or $3.48 per diluted share) in 2021 and a pre-tax noncash $794 million loss ($583 million, net of tax, or $2.22 per diluted share) in 2020. for additional information on our mtm retirement plans accounting adjustments, see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition-results of operations and outlook-consolidated results-retirement plans mtm adjustments" and note 14 of the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report.
environmental, climate and weather risks we may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant u.s. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. increasingly, state and local governments are also considering ghg regulatory requirements. compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. increased regulation regarding ghg emissions, especially aircraft or vehicle engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at fedex express. these costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. until the timing, scope and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. it is reasonably possible, however, that it could materially increase our operating expenses and have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business, if instituted. for additional discussion of regulatory responses to climate change, including corsia and the u.s.'s recent re-entry into the paris climate accord, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation."
moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the ghgs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services. finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macroeconomic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems.
we may be unable to achieve our goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040. in march 2021, we announced a goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our global operations by calendar 2040. achievement of this goal depends on our execution of operational strategies relating to vehicle electrification, development of sustainable customer solutions, identification and investment in alternative fuels, fuel conservation and aircraft modernization programs, and investments in our facilities and natural carbon sequestration.
execution of these strategies and achievement of our calendar 2040 goal is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to execute our strategies and achieve our goals within the currently projected costs and the expected timeframes; the availability and cost of zero-emission electric vehicles, alternative fuels, fuel-efficient aircraft, global electrical charging infrastructure, off-site renewable energy and other materials and components; unforeseen production, design, operational and technological difficulties; the outcome of research efforts and future technology developments, including the ability to scale projects and technologies on a commercially competitive basis such as carbon sequestration and/or other related processes; compliance with, and changes or additions to, global and regional regulations, taxes, charges, mandates or requirements relating to ghg emissions, carbon costs or climate-related goals; labor-related regulations and requirements that restrict or prohibit our ability to impose requirements on third parties who provide contracted transportation for our transportation networks; adapting products to customer preferences and customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; the actions of competitors and competitive pressures; and the pace of regional and global recovery from the covid-19 pandemic.
there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategies and achieve our calendar 2040 goal of carbon neutrality for our global operations. failure to achieve our calendar 2040 goal could damage our reputation and customer and other stakeholder relationships. further, given investors' increased focus related to environmental, social and governance matters, such a failure could cause large stockholders to reduce their ownership of fedex common stock and limit our access to financing. such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.
our inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography could adversely impact our business and results of operations. while we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed to adverse weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, severe winter weather, conflicts or unrest, terrorist attacks or other disturbances, actual or threatened. additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change could increase the frequency, severity or duration of certain adverse weather conditions. prolonged interruptions or disruptions at a key location such as our fedex express memphis world hub or one of our information-technology centers could adversely impact our business and results of operations. we also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services resulting in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
other legal, regulatory and miscellaneous risks government regulation and enforcement are evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business. we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. federal, state and local and non-u.s. government regulations, laws, policies and actions. there can be no assurance that such regulations, laws, policies and actions will not be changed in ways that will decrease the demand for our services, subject us to escalating costs or require us to modify our business models and objectives, harming our financial results. in particular, legislative, regulatory or other actions that u.s. and non-u.s. governments have undertaken or are considering in areas such as data privacy and sovereignty, the use of new technology, taxes, foreign exchange intervention in response to currency volatility, currency controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions, trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes or sanctions in the u.s. or other countries, complex economic sanctions, export controls, additional security or workplace and transportation safety requirements, labor and employment standards (including with respect to our pilots) and benefits, government contracting, environmental standards and accounting may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation." additionally, the new u.s. presidential administration has indicated a desire to reform various aspects of existing laws, regulations and enforcement priorities and strategies that could, among other things, lead to comprehensive tax reform, broadly increase the u.s. minimum wage to $15 per hour, make it easier for unions to organize our u.s. employees and alter the employment relationship between service providers engaged by fedex ground and the drivers employed by those service providers.
we could be subject to adverse changes in regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions. we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. from time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be enacted that could significantly affect our overall tax liabilities and our effective tax rate. u.s. and foreign governmental agencies maintain focus on the taxation of multinational companies, including statutory tax rates, global minimum taxes, digital taxes and transactions between affiliated companies. such changes may require new and complex computations to be performed, significant judgments, estimates and calculations to be made and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced.
standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of certain tax laws and regulations will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation, and we may be required to make adjustments to amounts that we have recorded that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. for example, in 2019, the u.s. treasury department issued final regulations covering the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the tax cuts and jobs act. certain guidance included in these final regulations is inconsistent with our interpretation that led to the recognition of a $233 million cumulative benefit through 2019. during 2021, we filed suit in u.s. district court for the western district of tennessee challenging the validity of this tax regulation. our lawsuit seeks to have the court declare this regulation invalid and order the refund of overpayments of u.s. federal income taxes for 2018 and 2019 attributable to the denial of foreign tax credits under the regulation. we continue to pursue this lawsuit; however, if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, we may be required to reverse the benefit previously recorded.
our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and foreign laws and regulations regarding data protection. there has recently been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection in the u.s. (at both the state and federal level) and abroad, and an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable u.s. or foreign data protection laws, regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation (including, in some instances, class action litigation), fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. this regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. for example, the gdpr, which became effective in 2018, greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of eu law and adds a broad array of requirements related to personal data, including individual notice and opt-out preferences and the public disclosure of significant data breaches. additionally, violations of the gdpr can result in fines of as much as 4% of a company's annual revenue. other governments have enacted or are enacting similar data protection laws, including data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements, as well as the uncertain interpretation and enforcement of laws, impose significant costs and regulatory risks that are likely to increase over time. see "failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics and customer preferences will cause our future financial results to suffer." above for additional information on data protection risks related to our recent acquisition of shoprunner and launch of fedex dataworks.
the regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our operations and increase our operating costs. our extensive air network is critical to our success. our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the department of transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the u.s. and foreign governments. in addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. our operations outside of the u.s., such as fedex express's international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as fedex express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. regulatory or executive actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. further, our ability to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights internationally may be adversely affected by changes in international trade policies and relations.
we are subject to other extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that may result in significant costs. for instance, the faa from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures in order to comply. high-profile accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft may trigger increased regulatory and legal compliance requirements. these requirements can be issued with little or no notice, or can otherwise impact our ability to efficiently or fully utilize our aircraft, and in some instances have resulted in the temporary grounding of aircraft types altogether. further, our business may be adversely impacted when government agencies cease to operate as expected, including due to partial shutdowns, sequestrations or similar events, which may result in, among other things, disruption in the ability of government agencies to grant required regulatory approvals. for additional discussion, see "item 1. business" of this annual report under the caption "regulation."
   the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies;
   changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, chinese yuan, british pound, canadian dollar, australian dollar, hong kong dollar, mexican peso, japanese yen and brazilian real, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices;
   any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action, derivative and other litigation, such as wage-and-hour, joint employment, securities and discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings, including the matters discussed in note 19 of the consolidated financial statements included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report;
   the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information-technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization;
   disruptions in global supply chains, which can limit the access of fedex and our service providers to vehicles and other key capital resources and increase our costs;
   constraints, volatility or disruption in the capital markets, our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, commercial paper ratings, and senior unsecured debt and pass-through certificate credit ratings, and our ability to meet credit agreement financial covenants; and
   the alternative interest rates we are able to negotiate with counterparties pursuant to the relevant provisions of our credit agreements following cessation of the publication of the london interbank offered rate in the event the euro interbank offered rate also ceases to exist and we make borrowings under the agreements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition organization of information this management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition ("md&a") of fedex corporation ("fedex" or the "company") is composed of three major sections: results of operations and outlook, financial condition and critical accounting estimates. these sections include the following information:
   results of operations includes an overview of our consolidated 2021 results compared to 2020 results. this section also includes a discussion of key actions and events that impacted our results, as well as our outlook for 2022. discussion and analysis of 2019 results and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 results and 2019 results can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" of our annual report on form 10-k ("annual report") for the year ended may 31, 2020.
   our financial condition is reviewed through an analysis of key elements of our liquidity, capital resources and contractual cash obligations, including a discussion of our cash flows, our financial commitments and our liquidity outlook for 2022.
   critical accounting estimates discusses those financial statement elements that we believe are most important to understanding the material judgments and assumptions incorporated in our financial results.
the discussion in md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report, particularly "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
description of business segments we provide a broad portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating collaboratively and innovating digitally, under the respected fedex brand. our primary operating companies are federal express corporation ("fedex express"), the world's largest express transportation company; fedex ground package system, inc. ("fedex ground"), a leading north american provider of small-package ground delivery services; and fedex freight corporation ("fedex freight"), a leading north american provider of less-than-truckload ("ltl") freight transportation services. these companies represent our major service lines and, along with fedex corporate services, inc. ("fedex services"), constitute our reportable segments. our fedex services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. the operating costs of the fedex services segment are allocated to the business units it serves. see "reportable segments" for further discussion and refer to "item 1. business" for a more detailed description of each of our operating companies.
   our ability to manage our cost structure (capital expenditures and operating expenses) to match shifting volume levels; and
   the timing and amount of fluctuations in fuel prices and our ability to recover incremental fuel costs through our fuel surcharges.
many of our operating expenses are directly impacted by revenue and volume levels, and we expect these operating expenses to fluctuate on a year-over-year basis consistent with changes in revenue and volumes. therefore, the discussion of operating expense captions focuses on the key drivers and trends impacting expenses other than those factors strictly related to changes in revenue and volumes. the line item "other operating expense" includes costs associated with outside service contracts (such as facility services and cargo handling, temporary labor and security), insurance, professional fees and uniforms.
(1)   the following is a summary of the effects of the (costs) benefits of certain key items affecting our financial results (in millions) for the years ended may 31:
items affecting operating income:
items affecting net income:
overview volume growth, reflecting increased e-commerce demand accelerated by the coronavirus ("covid-19") pandemic, as well as yield improvement related to pricing initiatives, drove strong revenue and operating income growth in 2021. increased operating expenses to support unprecedented levels of demand for our services in the covid-19 pandemic environment, including higher labor costs, costs related to operating our air network to support higher demand in key international supply chains and higher costs associated with operating our seven-day-per-week network at fedex ground, were incurred in 2021. see the "impact of the covid-19 pandemic" section below for further information regarding the pandemic's impact on our business.
our consolidated operating income improved during 2021 due to international export and u.s. domestic package volume growth at fedex express, residential volume growth at fedex ground and pricing initiatives across all of our transportation segments. higher variable incentive compensation expense negatively impacted year-over-year operating income comparisons in 2021 by approximately $1.3 billion, as maximum attainment levels were achieved for team members in our primary annual incentive programs.
we incurred tnt express integration expenses totaling $210 million ($162 million, net of tax, or $0.60 per diluted share) in 2021, a decrease of $60 million from 2020. the integration expenses are predominantly incremental costs directly associated with the integration of tnt express, including professional and legal fees, salaries and wages, advertising and travel expenses. internal salaries and wages are included only to the extent the individuals are assigned full-time to integration activities. these costs were recognized at fedex express and fedex corporate. the identification of these costs as integration-related expenditures is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. integration expenses do not include costs associated with our business realignment activities. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for further information.
our 2021 results include business realignment costs of $116 million ($90 million, net of tax, or $0.33 per diluted share) associated with our workforce reduction plan in europe announced in january 2021. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for more information.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recognized $369 million ($366 million, net of tax, or $1.40 per diluted share) of goodwill and other asset impairment charges associated with the fedex office and print services, inc. ("fedex office") and fedex logistics, inc. ("fedex logistics") operating segments. our 2020 results also include $66 million ($50 million, net of tax, or $0.19 per diluted share) of asset impairment charges associated with the decision to permanently retire certain aircraft and related engines at fedex express. see the "goodwill and other asset impairment charges" section of this md&a for more information.
consolidated net income includes a pre-tax, noncash gain of $1.2 billion in 2021 ($895 million, net of tax, or $3.33 per diluted share) and a net loss of $794 million in 2020 ($583 million, net of tax, or $2.22 per diluted share) associated with our mtm retirement plans accounting adjustments. see the "retirement plans mtm adjustments" section of this md&a and note 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
consolidated net income in 2021 also includes a loss on debt extinguishment of $393 million ($297 million, net of tax, or $1.11 per diluted share) associated with our capital allocation strategy, which includes reducing outstanding debt. see the "other income and expense" section of this md&a and note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
net income for 2021 includes a tax benefit of $279 million ($1.04 per diluted share) related to the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"), which allows tax losses to be offset against income from prior years that was taxed at higher rates, and a tax benefit of $66 million ($0.25 per diluted share) from a tax rate increase in the netherlands applied to our deferred tax asset balances. in 2020, we recognized a tax benefit of $133 million ($0.51 per diluted share) from the reduction of a valuation allowance on certain foreign tax loss carryforwards and a tax benefit of $71 million ($0.27 per diluted share) related to the cares act. see the "income taxes" section of this md&a and note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic had a profound impact on our industry throughout 2021, resulting in unprecedented demand for our residential delivery services, rivaling our peak holiday season traffic. in addition, demand for our commercial service offerings increased throughout the year as covid-19 restrictions moderated globally.
during 2021, we were able to flex our networks and make adjustments as needed to accommodate increased volumes under current operating conditions; however, we incurred elevated operating expenses to support demand for our services in the covid-19 pandemic environment. our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic, including increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements. the safety of our team members, our customers and the communities in which we operate is our top priority, and we took, and continue to take, measures to adhere to all regulations and guidelines from government authorities related to the containment of covid-19 and to protect and promote health and safety. in connection with this, we incurred increased operating expenses related to personal protective equipment and medical/safety supplies, as well as additional security and cleaning services, in order to protect our team members and customers during the covid-19 pandemic, of approximately $255 million in 2021 and approximately $125 million in 2020. as a response to these increased costs, we implemented various pricing initiatives throughout 2021 to mitigate the negative impact of the change in our operating expense profile.
we also took certain actions during 2021 to improve our liquidity and strengthen our financial position, given the uncertainty caused by the covid-19 pandemic. during 2021, we issued $970 million of pass-through certificates and $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement. we used the proceeds of the senior unsecured debt offerings during the fourth quarter of 2021 to redeem $5.8 billion of our existing debt, which eliminated near-term debt obligations taken on during the early stages of the covid-19 pandemic. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements and "financial condition-liquidity" below for additional information.
at the height of the pandemic, congress passed the cares act, which provided financial relief to businesses to help them survive the economic impact while continuing to employ workers and keep the u.s. economy moving. during 2021, we recorded an income tax benefit of $279 million related to the cares act provision allowing tax losses to be offset against income from prior years and a pre-tax benefit of approximately $165 million from the excise tax holiday that expired on december 31, 2020. see note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information.
we expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to the duration and spread of the covid-19 pandemic, the success of efforts to contain it and treat its impact, the possibility of additional subsequent widespread outbreaks, the resulting effects on the economic conditions in the global markets in which we operate, the future rate of e-commerce growth and the timeline for recovery of passenger airline cargo capacity. see "item 1a. risk factors" of this annual report for more information.
(1)   international domestic average daily package volume relates to our international intra-country operations. international export average daily package volume relates to our international priority and economy services.
(2)   international average daily freight pounds relate to our international priority, economy and airfreight services.
(1)   international export revenue per package relates to our international priority and economy services. international domestic revenue per package relates to our international intra-country operations.
(2)   international revenue per pound relates to our international priority, economy and airfreight services.
revenue revenue increased 21% in 2021 primarily due to volume growth in residential delivery services at fedex ground and u.s. domestic package volume growth at fedex express, both reflecting increased e-commerce demand accelerated by the covid-19 pandemic. international export package volume growth at fedex express, as well as pricing initiatives across all of our transportation segments, also contributed to the increase in revenue during 2021.
at fedex ground, revenue increased 34% in 2021 primarily due to residential delivery volume growth. revenue at fedex express increased 18% in 2021 due to international export and u.s. domestic package volume growth. international export volume increased in 2021 driven by strong demand for international priority shipments due to air freight capacity constraints. fedex freight revenue increased 10% in 2021 primarily due to higher revenue per shipment and increased average daily shipments.
business realignment costs in january 2021, fedex express announced a workforce reduction plan in europe as it nears the completion of the network integration of tnt express. the plan will impact between 5,500 and 6,300 employees in europe across operational teams and back-office functions. the execution of the plan is subject to a works council consultation process that will occur over an 18-month period in accordance with local country processes and regulations.
we incurred costs during 2021 of $116 million ($90 million, net of tax, or $0.33 per diluted share) associated with our business realignment activities. these costs are related to certain employee severance arrangements. approximately $15 million was paid under this program in 2021. we expect the pre-tax cost of our business realignment activities to range from $300 million to $575 million through fiscal 2023. we expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in fiscal 2024. the actual amount and timing of business realignment costs and related cost savings resulting from the workforce reduction plan are dependent on local country consultation processes and regulations and negotiated social plans and may differ from our current expectations and estimates.
goodwill and other asset impairment charges in 2020, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $358 million predominantly attributable to our fedex office reporting unit. as a result, the goodwill attributed to this reporting unit has been fully impaired. the covid-19 pandemic resulted in store closures and declining print revenue at fedex office during the fourth quarter of 2020, which negatively impacted its near-term operating performance. we also recorded $11 million of other asset impairment charges at the fedex logistics operating segment in 2020.
in 2020, we made the decision to permanently retire from service 10 airbus a310-300 aircraft and 12 related engines at fedex express to align with the needs of the u.s. domestic network and modernize its aircraft fleet. as a consequence of this decision, we recognized noncash impairment charges of $66 million ($50 million, net of tax, or $0.19 per diluted share) in the fedex express segment in 2020. for additional information regarding these impairment charges, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of this md&a and note 5 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
salaries and employee benefits                        $30,173        $25,031          21            35.9     %              36.2   %
(2)   includes business realignment costs associated with the workforce reduction plan in europe.
(3)    includes goodwill and other asset impairment charges associated with the fedex office, fedex express and fedex logistics operating segments.
our 2021 operating income improved due to international export and u.s. domestic package volume growth at fedex express and residential volume growth at fedex ground, reflecting increased demand accelerated by the covid-19 pandemic, as well as yield improvement related to pricing initiatives across all of our transportation segments. we incurred increased operating expenses to support unprecedented levels of demand for our services in the covid-19 pandemic environment. our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which has required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic, including increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements.
volume growth in 2021, as discussed above, contributed to a 21% increase in salaries and employee benefits expense, a 24% increase in purchased transportation costs and a 14% increase in other operating expenses. higher variable incentive compensation expense also contributed to an increase in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2021. purchased transportation costs were also higher in 2021 primarily due to increased residential service mix at fedex ground. in addition, other operating expenses increased in 2021, reflecting higher self-insurance accruals at fedex ground.
most of our fuel surcharges are adjusted on a weekly basis. the fuel surcharge is based on a weekly fuel price from two weeks prior to the week in which it is assessed. some fedex express international fuel surcharges incorporate a timing lag of approximately six to eight weeks.
the manner in which we purchase fuel also influences the net impact of fuel on our results. for example, our contracts for jet fuel purchases at fedex express are tied to various indices, including the u.s. gulf coast index. while many of these indices are aligned, each index may fluctuate at a different pace, driving variability in the prices paid for jet fuel. furthermore, under these contractual arrangements, approximately 70% of our jet fuel is purchased based on the index price for the preceding week, with the remainder of our purchases tied primarily to the index price for the preceding month and preceding day, rather than based on daily spot rates. these contractual provisions mitigate the impact of rapidly changing daily spot rates on our jet fuel purchases.
because of the factors described above, our operating results may be affected should the market price of fuel suddenly change by a significant amount or change by amounts that do not result in an adjustment in our fuel surcharges, which can significantly affect our earnings either positively or negatively in the short-term. for more information, see "item 1a. risk factors."
the net impact of fuel had a modest benefit to operating income in 2021 as decreased fuel prices outpaced lower fuel surcharges.
the net impact of fuel on our operating results does not consider the effects that fuel surcharge levels may have on our business, including changes in demand and shifts in the mix of services purchased by our customers. in addition, our purchased transportation expense may be impacted by fuel costs. while fluctuations in fuel surcharge percentages can be significant from period to period, fuel surcharges represent one of the many individual components of our pricing structure that impact our overall revenue and yield. additional components include the mix of services sold, the base price and extra service charges we obtain for these services and the level of pricing discounts offered.
other income and expense interest expense increased $121 million in 2021 primarily due to our u.s. and euro debt issuances during the year. as part of our capital allocation strategy, we issued $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement during 2021 and used the net proceeds to redeem outstanding debt. in connection with our debt restructuring, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $393 million ($297 million, net of tax, or $1.11 per diluted share). see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information.
retirement plans mtm adjustments we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm net gain of $1.2 billion in 2021 ($936 million, net of tax, or $3.48 per diluted share) and a net loss of $794 million in 2020 ($583 million, net of tax, or $2.22 per diluted share) from actuarial adjustments to pension and postretirement healthcare plans related to the year-end measurement of plan assets and liabilities. the net gain in 2021 is attributable to higher than expected asset returns and an improved discount rate. the net loss in 2020 is attributable to a significantly lower discount rate, partially offset by higher than expected asset returns.
in addition, we incurred a pre-tax, noncash mtm net loss of $52 million ($41 million, net of tax, or $0.15 per diluted share) in 2021 related to amendments to the tnt express netherlands pension plan. benefits for approximately 2,100 employees were frozen effective december 31, 2020. on january 1, 2021, these employees began earning pension benefits under a separate, multi-employer pension plan. this $52 million net loss consists of a $106 million mtm loss due to a lower discount rate and a $54 million curtailment gain.
for more information, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of this md&a and note 1 and note 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
benefit from u.s. tax loss carryback to prior years                    (279   )             (71   )
state and local income taxes, net of federal benefit                    179                  53
benefits from share-based payments                                      (69   )              (5   )
uncertain tax positions                                                  65                 (14   )
on march 27, 2020, the cares act was enacted to address the economic impact of the covid-19 pandemic in the united states. among other things, the cares act allows a five-year carryback period for tax losses generated in 2019 through 2021. the 2021 tax provision includes a benefit of $279 million from an increase in our 2020 tax loss that the cares act allows to be carried back to 2015, when the u.s. federal income tax rate was 35%. the increase in our estimated 2020 tax loss is attributable to our application for change in accounting method discussed below, voluntary contributions to our tax-qualified u.s. domestic pension plans ("u.s. pension plans") and other accelerated deductions claimed on the 2020 tax return filed in 2021. the 2021 tax provision also includes a benefit of $66 million from a tax rate increase in the netherlands applied to our deferred tax asset balances and was unfavorably impacted by an increase in uncertain tax positions for matters in multiple jurisdictions.
we filed an application with the internal revenue service ("irs") in 2020 requesting approval to change our accounting method for depreciation to allow retroactive application of tax regulations issued during 2020 on certain assets placed in service during 2018 and 2019. during 2021, the irs issued guidance granting automatic approval to change the method of accounting for these assets resulting in an income tax benefit of $130 million.
the 2020 tax provision includes a benefit of $133 million from the reduction of a valuation allowance on certain foreign tax loss carryforwards and a benefit of $71 million in connection with our estimated 2020 tax loss that the cares act allows to be carried back to 2015, a tax year when the u.s. federal income tax rate was 35%. the 2020 tax provision also includes a deferred income tax expense of $51 million for a change in deferred tax balances related to future foreign tax credits from our international structure as a result of changes in legal entity forecasts during the fourth quarter. the 2020 effective tax rate was negatively impacted by decreased earnings in certain non-u.s. jurisdictions.
we are subject to taxation in the u.s. and various u.s. state, local and foreign jurisdictions. we are currently under examination by the irs for the 2016 through 2019 tax years. it is reasonably possible that certain income tax return proceedings will be completed during the next 12 months and could result in a change in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits. however, we believe we have recorded adequate amounts of tax, including interest and penalties, for any adjustments expected to occur.
during 2021, we filed suit in u.s. district court for the western district of tennessee challenging the validity of a tax regulation related to the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"). our lawsuit seeks to have the court declare this regulation invalid and order the refund of overpayments of u.s. federal income taxes for 2018 and 2019 attributable to the denial of foreign tax credits under the regulation. we have recorded a cumulative benefit of $233 million through 2019 attributable to our interpretation of the tcja and the internal revenue code. we continue to pursue this lawsuit; however, if we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, we may be required to reverse the benefit previously recorded.
for more information on income taxes, see the "critical accounting estimates" section of this md&a and note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
business acquisitions see note 4 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of business acquisitions.
outlook during 2022, we expect volume and yield growth across our transportation segments to drive improved revenue and operating income. we anticipate our volume to continue to benefit from growing demand for our e-commerce services and international export package services. we also expect to continue to incur higher costs required to meet anticipated demand, including higher labor costs as a result of challenging labor markets. however, variable incentive compensation expenses are not expected to be an expense headwind in 2022.
the uncertainty of the covid-19 pandemic is expected to continue to impact our business in 2022, as the extent and timing of the post-pandemic economic recovery remains uncertain. we expect continued demand growth for our e-commerce services and global capacity constraints to continue driving strong demand for international export shipments in 2022. we will continue to manage network capacity to the demand levels, flexing our network and making adjustments as needed to align with volumes and operating conditions.
we will continue optimizing our fedex ground seven-day-per-week residential delivery network capacity to meet evolving customer needs in 2022. in addition, we will continue to focus on last-mile delivery optimization by directing certain u.s. day-definite fedex express shipments into the fedex ground network to increase efficiency and lower our cost-to-serve. we also are focused on improving revenue quality and lowering costs through investments in technology aimed at improving productivity and safety.
we expect to complete the final phase of fedex express and tnt express international air network interoperability in early calendar 2022 allowing us to leverage the capabilities that tnt express adds to our portfolio, which is expected to improve our european revenue and profitability.
we expect to incur approximately $150 million of tnt express integration expenses in 2022 in the form of professional fees, outside service contracts, salaries and wages and other operating expenses. we now expect the aggregate integration program expenses to be approximately $1.8 billion through the completion of the physical network integration of tnt express into fedex express in 2022, which is slightly higher than our previous estimates due to costs associated with further optimizing our international legal entity structures and improving back-office automation to enhance long-term cost savings.
during 2022, we will continue to execute initiatives in addition to the integration to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in europe. these actions are focused on reducing the complexity and fragmentation of our international business, improving efficiency to meet changing customer expectations and business dynamics, lowering costs, increasing profitability and improving service levels. we expect to incur additional costs, over multiple years, including transformation costs and capital investments related to these actions. as part of this strategy, in january 2021 we announced a workforce reduction plan in europe. we expect the pre-tax cost of the severance benefits to be provided under the plan to range from $300 million to $575 million in cash expenditures through fiscal 2023. we expect savings from our business realignment activities to be between $275 million and $350 million on an annualized basis beginning in fiscal 2024. see the "business realignment costs" section of this md&a for additional information.
our capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be approximately $7.2 billion, an increase of $1.3 billion from 2021 due to investments in capacity to support increased volume levels, facility modernization, as well as replacement capital spend which was postponed in 2021 to improve liquidity and strengthen our financial position. our 2022 expected capital expenditures include investments in aircraft fleet modernization, strategic investments to increase capacity and improve productivity and safety, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub modernization and expansion programs.
our aircraft fleet modernization and hub modernization and expansion programs at fedex express are multi-year programs that will entail significant investments over the next several years. see the "contractual cash obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements" section of this md&a for details of our capital commitments for 2022 and beyond. we will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. for additional details on key 2022 capital projects, refer to the "financial condition - capital resources" and "financial condition - liquidity outlook" sections of this md&a.
see "item 1a. risk factors" and "forward-looking statements" for a discussion of these and other potential risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our future performance.
seasonality of business our businesses are cyclical in nature, as seasonal fluctuations affect volumes, revenue and earnings. historically, the u.s. express package business experiences an increase in volumes in late november and december. international business, particularly in the asia-to-u.s. market, peaks in october and november in advance of the u.s. holiday sales season. our first and third fiscal quarters, because they are summer vacation and post winter-holiday seasons, have historically experienced lower volumes relative to other periods. normally, the fall is the busiest shipping period for fedex ground, while late december, june and july are the slowest periods. however, fedex ground experienced peak-level volumes since the fourth quarter of 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic. for fedex freight, the spring and fall are the busiest periods and the latter part of december through february is the slowest period. shipment levels, operating costs and earnings for each of our companies can also be adversely affected by inclement weather, particularly the impact of severe winter weather in our third fiscal quarter. see "item 1a. risk factors" for more information.
reportable segments fedex express, fedex ground and fedex freight represent our major service lines and, along with fedex services, constitute our reportable segments. our reportable segments include the following businesses:
fedex custom critical, inc. ("fedex custom critical") (time-critical transportation)
fedex services segment the fedex services segment provides direct and indirect support to our operating segments, and we allocate all of the net operating costs of the fedex services segment to reflect the full cost of operating our businesses in the results of those segments. we review and evaluate the performance of our transportation segments based on operating income (inclusive of fedex services segment allocations). for the fedex services segment, performance is evaluated based on the impact of its total allocated net operating costs on our operating segments.
the operating expense line item "intercompany charges" on the accompanying consolidated financial statements of our transportation segments reflects the allocations from the fedex services segment to the respective operating segments. the allocations of net operating costs are based on metrics such as relative revenue or estimated services provided. we believe these allocations approximate the net cost of providing these functions. our allocation methodologies are refined periodically, as necessary, to reflect changes in our businesses.
corporate, other and eliminations corporate and other includes corporate headquarters costs for executive officers and certain legal and finance functions, as well as certain other costs and credits not attributed to our core business, including certain costs associated with developing our innovate digitally strategic pillar. these costs are not allocated to the other business segments.
also included in corporate and other are the fedex office operating segment, which provides an array of document and business services and retail access to our customers for our package transportation businesses, and the fedex logistics operating segment, which provides integrated supply chain management solutions, specialty transportation, customs brokerage and global ocean and air freight forwarding. additionally, corporate and other includes the financial results of shoprunner, inc. beginning december 23, 2020.
in 2021, the decrease in revenue in "corporate, other and eliminations" was due to a decline in non-shipping revenue at fedex office resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher revenue at fedex logistics. the higher revenue at fedex logistics in 2021 is driven by increased volumes and yields also resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by the transfer of fedex custom critical and fedex cross border into the fedex express segment.
certain fedex operating companies provide transportation and related services for other fedex companies outside their reportable segment in order to optimize our resources. for example, during 2021 fedex freight provided road and intermodal support for both fedex ground and fedex express, and fedex ground provided delivery support for certain fedex express packages as part of our last-mile optimization efforts. in addition, fedex express is working with fedex logistics to secure air charters for u.s. customers. billings for such services are based on negotiated rates, which we believe approximate fair value, and are reflected as revenue of the billing segment. these rates are adjusted from time to time based on market conditions. such intersegment revenue and expenses are eliminated in our consolidated results and are not separately identified in the following segment information because the amounts are not material.
fedex express segment fedex express offers a wide range of u.s. domestic and international shipping services for delivery of packages and freight including priority, deferred and economy services, which provide delivery on a time-definite or day-definite basis. the following table compares revenue, operating expenses, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin and operating expenses as a percent of revenue for the years ended may 31:
international priority                                  10,317                  7,354                      40
international priority                                   3,030                  1,915                      58
salaries and employee benefits                          16,217                 13,764                      18                 38.5                    38.7
(2)   includes the operations of fedex custom critical beginning march 1, 2020 and fedex cross border beginning june 1, 2020.
international priority                             752                559                  35
u.s. domestic composite                          17.79              18.30                  (3   )
international priority                           53.84              51.75                   4
international export composite                   49.03              48.83                   -
composite package yield                          19.06              18.19                   5
international priority                           6,155              4,895                  26
international priority                            1.93               1.54                  25
composite freight yield                           1.10               0.99                  11
fedex express segment revenue fedex express segment revenue increased 18% in 2021 primarily due to international export and u.s. domestic package volume growth, as well as pricing initiatives resulting from global air freight capacity constraints.
international export average daily volumes increased 23% in 2021 led by volume growth from asia-pacific and europe. in addition, industry-wide capacity constraints and actions to prioritize premium-yielding products drove a mix shift from international economy to international priority services in 2021. international export package yield increased slightly in 2021 due to favorable exchange rates and pricing initiatives resulting from global air freight capacity constraints, partially offset by base yield declines and lower fuel surcharges. u.s. domestic package average daily volumes increased 17% in 2021 driven by growth in deferred service offerings, reflecting increased e-commerce demand resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, as well as growth in overnight box service offerings. u.s. domestic package yield decreased 3% in 2021 due to lower package weights and lower fuel surcharges. average daily freight pounds increased 2% in 2021 primarily due to volume growth in international priority and u.s. services. composite freight yield increased 11% in 2021 primarily due to improved base yields. other revenue increased 92% in 2021 due to the transfer of fedex custom critical and fedex cross border into the fedex express segment.
fedex express segment operating income fedex express segment operating income increased substantially in 2021 primarily due to international export and u.s. domestic package volume growth. fedex express segment operating results include a pre-tax benefit of approximately $165 million in 2021 from a reduction in aviation excise taxes provided by the cares act, which expired on december 31, 2020. these factors were partially offset by higher variable incentive compensation expense of approximately $800 million in 2021, which includes approximately $125 million in special bonuses paid in january 2021 to our front-line operational team members. we experienced constrained commercial air capacity leading to high usage of our aircraft fleet and increased costs of operating our global network in 2021 as result of the covid-19 pandemic. results in 2020 were negatively impacted by $66 million of asset impairment charges associated with the decision to permanently retire certain aircraft and related engines.
salaries and employee benefits expense increased 18% in 2021 primarily due to staffing to support volume growth and higher variable incentive compensation expense. in addition, higher labor expense and increased costs associated with network contingencies as a result of the covid-19 pandemic contributed to the increase in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2021. purchased transportation expense increased 19% in 2021 primarily due to the transfer of fedex custom critical and fedex cross border into the fedex express segment, as well as higher utilization of third-party transportation providers. other operating expense increased 16% in 2021 primarily due to bad debt expense and additional volume-related expenses. maintenance and repairs expense increased 19% in 2021 primarily due to additional flight hours as constrained commercial air capacity drove increased usage of owned assets.
fuel expense decreased 8% in 2021 due to lower fuel prices, partially offset by higher aircraft and vehicle fuel usage. the net impact of fuel had a slightly negative impact to operating income in 2021 as lower fuel surcharges outpaced decreased fuel prices. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex express segment outlook we expect increased demand for our e-commerce services, international export volume growth and pricing initiatives to drive improved revenue and operating income in 2022. as a result of business growth and service improvement initiatives, we anticipate increases in staffing costs, purchased transportation and other operating expenses in 2022. we also expect continued high usage of our aircraft fleet resulting from limited commercial availability on transoceanic lanes.
we expect the fedex express segment to incur approximately $125 million of tnt express integration expenses in 2022. see the "outlook" section of this md&a for additional information regarding the integration of tnt express.
capital expenditures at fedex express are expected to increase in 2022 primarily related to facility investments and vehicle purchases, partially offset by a decrease in aircraft-related payments. we continue to make multi-year investments in our facilities of approximately $1.5 billion to significantly expand the indianapolis hub and approximately $1.5 billion to modernize the memphis world hub.
salaries and employee benefits              6,060                  4,060                      49                 19.9                    17.9
fedex ground segment revenue fedex ground segment revenue increased 34% in 2021 due to residential delivery volume growth reflecting increased e-commerce demand accelerated by the covid-19 pandemic. additionally, improved yields related to pricing initiatives positively impacted revenue in 2021.
average daily volume increased 23% in 2021 primarily due to continued growth in residential services driven by e-commerce, as well as growth in commercial services. fedex ground yields increased 9% in 2021 primarily due to pricing initiatives.
purchased transportation expense increased 31% in 2021 due to higher volumes and increased residential service mix. salaries and employee benefits expense increased 49% in 2021 due to additional staffing to support volume growth, including costs associated with operating our seven-day-per-week u.s. network, merit increases and higher variable incentive compensation expense of approximately $215 million. other operating expense increased 30% in 2021 primarily due to higher self-insurance accruals and additional volume-related expenses.
the net impact of fuel had a moderate benefit to operating income in 2021 as decreased fuel prices outpaced lower fuel surcharges. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex ground segment outlook we anticipate increased demand for residential and commercial services to continue at fedex ground in 2022. we will continue to focus on pricing initiatives to align with market demand, network capacity dynamics and labor market challenges in 2022.
fedex ground is making strategic technology investments to optimize last-mile deliveries via route optimization, expand capabilities to better handle large items and improve scheduling at its hubs and stations, leading to anticipated productivity improvements. strategic investments for safety technology will remain a critical focus in 2022 throughout the fedex ground network. we believe these initiatives will allow for the more efficient use of our existing assets, which will drive improved performance and enhance our competitive position over the long term.
capital expenditures at fedex ground are expected to increase in 2022 primarily for new and expanded facilities, as well as trailer purchases to support increased demand for our services.
fedex freight segment fedex freight ltl service offerings include priority services when speed is critical and economy services when time can be traded for savings. prior year statistical information has been revised to conform to the current year presentation. the following table compares revenue, operating expenses, operating income (dollars in millions), operating margin, selected statistics and operating expenses as a percent of revenue for the years ended may 31:
salaries and employee benefits                      3,666                 3,449               6                     46.8                    48.5
priority                                             76.2                  72.5               5
priority                                            1,104                 1,146              (4   )
composite weight per shipment                       1,069                 1,098              (3   )
priority                                          $269.98               $260.39               4
composite revenue per shipment                    $282.95               $272.56               4
priority                                           $24.45                $22.73               8
composite revenue per hundredweight                $26.46                $24.82               7
revenue per shipment increased % in 2021 primarily due to higher base rates reflecting our ongoing revenue quality initiatives, partially offset by lower weight per shipment and lower fuel surcharge rates. average daily shipments increased % in 202 due to volumes returning to pre-covid-19 levels and higher demand for our service offerings.
fedex freight segment operating income fedex freight segment operating income increased 73% in 2021 driven by continued focus on revenue quality initiatives, managing our costs and improving operational efficiencies.
salaries and employee benefits increased 6% in 2021 primarily due to higher variable incentive compensation expense of approximately $115 million, higher volumes and merit increases. purchased transportation increased 19% in 2021 primarily due to higher utilization of third-party transportation and rail providers.
fuel expense decreased 16% in 2021 primarily due to lower fuel prices. the net impact of fuel had a slightly negative impact to operating income in 2021 as lower fuel surcharges outpaced decreased fuel prices. see the "results of operations and outlook - consolidated results - fuel" section of this md&a for a description and additional discussion of the net impact of fuel on our operating results.
fedex freight segment outlook we expect higher revenue and operating results at fedex freight during 2022, and we will continue to remain focused on safety, profitable market share growth and cost management. we will also remain committed to our revenue quality initiatives and will utilize technology and engineering to improve operational productivities and efficiencies throughout our network. we will continue to invest in new service offerings and deliver improved customer experiences, including growing our fedex freight direct employee-based and company-branded basic, standard and premium service offerings. fedex freight will continue its collaboration with fedex ground and fedex express during 2022 by providing road and intermodal support.
capital expenditures at fedex freight are expected to increase in 2022 due to fleet modernization and strategic initiatives to improve the safety and security of our employees.
financial condition liquidity cash and cash equivalents totaled $7.1 billion at may 31, 2021, compared to $4.9 billion at may 31, 2020. the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the years ended may 31 (in millions):
operating activities:
other noncash charges and credits                            7,457                  6,674
changes in assets and liabilities                           (1,872   )             (4,092   )
cash provided by operating activities                       10,135                  5,097
investing activities:
capital expenditures                                        (5,884   )             (5,868   )
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                   (228   )                  -
proceeds from asset dispositions and other                     102                     22
cash used in investing activities                           (6,010   )             (5,846   )
financing activities:
cash (used in) provided by financing activities             (2,090   )              3,381
cash provided by operating activities. cash flows from operating activities increased $5.0 billion in 2021 primarily due to higher net income, the timing of variable incentive compensation payments and lower pension contributions.
cash used in investing activities. capital expenditures increased slightly in 2021 primarily due to higher aircraft spending at fedex express, partially offset by lower vehicle spending across all of our transportation segments. see "capital resources" below for a more detailed discussion of capital expenditures during 2021.
financing activities. we issued $3.25 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement during 2021 and used the net proceeds to redeem $5.8 billion of outstanding debt and pay associated redemption premiums of $393 million, eliminating all debt maturities through 2025 and one maturity in 2027. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the terms of the senior unsecured debt, including the sustainability notes, as well as the debt maturities redeemed.
additionally, during 2021 fedex express issued $970 million of pass-through certificates, series 2020-1aa (the "certificates") with a fixed interest rate of 1.875% due in february 2034 utilizing pass-through trusts. the certificates are secured by 19 boeing aircraft. the payment obligations of fedex express in respect of the certificates are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by fedex. fedex express is using the proceeds from the issuance for general corporate purposes. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the terms of the certificates.
during 2020, we issued $5.1 billion of senior unsecured debt under our shelf registration statement and used the net proceeds to make voluntary contributions to our u.s. pension plans, to redeem the $400 million aggregate principal amount of 2.30% notes due 2020 and the 500 million aggregate principal amount of 0.50% notes due 2020, to repay $1.5 billion of borrowings under our 364-day credit agreement that we drew in march 2020 and $136 million of commercial paper outstanding under our commercial paper program and for general corporate purposes.
in january 2016, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 25 million shares. shares under the current repurchase program may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing and volume of repurchases are at the discretion of management, based on the capital needs of the business, the market price of fedex common stock and general market conditions. no time limit was set for the completion of the program, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. as of may 31, 2021, 5.1 million shares remained under the current stock repurchase authorization.
effective march 16, 2021, we further amended our amended and restated $2.0 billion five-year credit agreement (the "five-year credit agreement") and entered into a new $1.5 billion 364-day credit agreement (the "364-day credit agreement" and together with the five-year credit agreement, the "credit agreements"). the credit agreements no longer contain the temporary covenant added in the fourth quarter of 2020 restricting us from repurchasing any shares of our common stock or from increasing the amount of our quarterly dividend payable per share of common stock from $0.65 per share. prior to the amendment of the five-year credit agreement and entry into the current 364-day credit agreement on march 16, 2021, our credit agreements contained a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a ratio of debt to consolidated earnings (excluding noncash retirement plans mtm adjustments, noncash pension service costs and noncash asset impairment charges) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") of not more than 3.75 to 1.0, calculated as of may 31, 2021 on a rolling four-quarter basis. effective march 16, 2021, we are required to maintain a ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda of not more than 3.5 to 1.0, calculated as of the end of the applicable quarter on a rolling four-quarter basis. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the credit agreements.
capital resources our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in aircraft, package handling and sort equipment, vehicles and trailers, technology and facilities. the amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including pre-existing contractual commitments, anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, new or enhanced services, geographical expansion of services, availability of satisfactory financing and actions of regulatory authorities.
the following table compares capital expenditures by asset category and reportable segment for the years ended may 31 (in millions):
facilities and other                                        914             1,359                 (33   )
total capital expenditures                               $5,884            $5,868                   -
total capital expenditures                               $5,884            $5,868                   -
capital expenditures increased slightly during 2021 primarily due to higher aircraft spending at fedex express and increased spending on package handling equipment at fedex ground, partially offset by lower vehicle spending across all of our transportation segments, as well as lower facility expenditures at fedex express.
guarantor financial information we are providing the following information in compliance with rule 13-01 of regulation s-x, "financial disclosures about guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities" with respect to our senior unsecured debt securities and the certificates.
the $19.7 billion principal amount of the senior unsecured notes issued by fedex under a shelf registration statement are guaranteed by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of fedex ("guarantor subsidiaries"). see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the terms of the senior unsecured debt securities. fedex owns, directly or indirectly, 100% of each guarantor subsidiary. the guarantees (1) are unsecured obligations of the respective guarantor subsidiary, (2) rank equally with all of their other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and (3) are full and unconditional and joint and several. if we sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all of the capital stock or all or substantially all of the assets of a guarantor subsidiary to any person that is not an affiliate of fedex, the guarantee of that guarantor subsidiary will terminate and holders of debt securities will no longer have a direct claim against such subsidiary under the guarantee.
additionally, fedex fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment obligation of fedex express in respect of the $944 million principal amount of the certificates. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the terms of the certificates.
the following tables present summarized financial information for fedex (as parent) and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after transactions and balances within the combined entities have been eliminated.
current liabilities              9,135
total liabilities               55,783
the following table presents summarized financial information for fedex (as parent guarantor) and fedex express (as subsidiary issuer) on a combined basis after transactions and balances within the combined entities have been eliminated.
current liabilities              4,325
total liabilities               46,386
liquidity outlook in response to current business and economic conditions as referenced above in the "outlook" section of this md&a, we have and will continue to actively manage our cash flow and seek to protect capital in a still challenging macroeconomic environment from the ongoing pandemic. following our 11% debt reduction in the fourth quarter of 2021, our liquidity position remains strong with $7.1 billion in cash and $3.5 billion in available liquidity under our credit agreements, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations and available financing sources will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs, including expected 2022 capital expenditures. as business and economic conditions improve, we will routinely evaluate our capital allocation strategy with a continued focus on strengthening our balance sheet.
our cash and cash equivalents balance at may 31, 2021 includes $2.3 billion of cash in foreign jurisdictions associated with our permanent reinvestment strategy. we are able to access the majority of this cash without a material tax cost and do not believe that the indefinite reinvestment of these funds impairs our ability to meet our u.s. domestic debt or working capital obligations.
our capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $7.2 billion in 2022, which will include strategic investments to increase capacity to support elevated volume levels, aircraft modernization at fedex express and investments in productivity and safety. in addition, we are making investments over multiple years of approximately $1.5 billion to significantly expand the fedex express indianapolis hub and approximately $1.5 billion to modernize the fedex express memphis world hub. we expect approximately 50% of capital expenditures in 2022 to be designated for growth initiatives. our expected capital expenditures for 2022 include $1.7 billion for delivery of aircraft and related equipment and progress payments toward future aircraft deliveries at fedex express. while we continue to invest in our business, the capital intensity relative to revenue remains below historical levels.
we have several aircraft modernization programs underway that are supported by the purchase of boeing 777 freighter and boeing 767-300 freighter ("b767f") aircraft. these aircraft are significantly more fuel-efficient per unit than the aircraft types previously utilized, and these expenditures are necessary to achieve significant long-term operating savings and to replace older aircraft. our ability to delay the timing of these aircraft-related expenditures is limited without incurring significant costs to modify existing purchase agreements.
on june 22, 2021, fedex express exercised options to purchase an additional 20 b767f aircraft, ten of which will be delivered in 2024 and ten of which will be delivered in 2025.
we have a shelf registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") that allows us to sell, in one or more future offerings, any combination of our unsecured debt securities and common stock and allows pass-through trusts formed by fedex express to sell, in one or more future offerings, pass-through certificates.
the five-year credit agreement expires in march 2026 and includes a $250 million letter of credit sublimit. the 364-day credit agreement expires in march 2022. see note 7 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of the terms and significant covenants of the credit agreements.
for 2022, we anticipate making voluntary contributions of $500 million to our u.s. pension plans. as noted in our discussion of critical accounting estimates, we do not anticipate contributions to our u.s. pension plans will be required for the foreseeable future based on our funded status and the fact we have a credit balance related to our cumulative excess voluntary pension contributions over those required that exceeds $3 billion. the credit balance is subtracted from plan assets to determine the minimum funding requirements. therefore, we could eliminate all required contributions to our principal u.s. pension plans for several years if we were to choose to waive part of that credit balance in any given year. our u.s. pension plans have ample funds to meet expected benefit payments.
the credit agreements no longer contain the temporary covenant added in the fourth quarter of 2020 restricting us from repurchasing any shares of our common stock, as mentioned above. during the first quarter of 2022, we resumed our stock repurchase program. see note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our stock repurchase program.
standard & poor's has assigned us a senior unsecured debt credit rating of bbb, a certificates rating of aa-, a commercial paper rating of a-2 and a ratings outlook of "stable." moody's investors service has assigned us an unsecured debt credit rating of baa2, a certificates rating of aa3, a commercial paper rating of p-2 and a ratings outlook of "stable." if our credit ratings drop, our interest expense may increase. if our commercial paper ratings drop below current levels, we may have difficulty utilizing the commercial paper market. if our senior unsecured debt credit ratings drop below investment grade, our access to financing may become limited.
contractual cash obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the following table sets forth a summary of our contractual cash obligations as of may 31, 2021. certain of these obligations are reflected in our balance sheet, while others are disclosed as future obligations. we have certain contingent liabilities that are not accrued in our balance sheet in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. these contingent liabilities are not included in the table below. we have other long-term liabilities reflected in our balance sheet, including deferred income taxes, qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement healthcare plan liabilities and other self-insurance accruals. unless statutorily required, the payment obligations associated with these liabilities are not reflected in the table below due to the absence of scheduled maturities. accordingly, this table is not meant to represent a forecast of our total cash expenditures for any of the periods presented.
2022                  2023                  2024                2025                2026                          thereafter                  total operating activities:
non-capital purchase obligations and other             1,491                 1,074                 755                 651                   741                    2,574                  7,286
investing activities:
aircraft and aircraft-related capital                  1,452                 2,172                 773                 231                    37                        -                  4,665
commitments other capital purchase obligations                        83                    32                   1                   1                     1                        3                    121
financing activities:
open purchase orders that are cancelable are not considered unconditional purchase obligations for financial reporting purposes and are not included in the table above. such purchase orders often represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. see note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information on such purchase orders. the table above does not include estimated payments of approximately $2.5 billion primarily related to build-to-suit arrangements that have not yet commenced, as we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the associated payments. see note 8 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
operating activities the amounts reflected in the table above for operating leases represent undiscounted future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases (principally facilities and aircraft) with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year at may 31, 2021. under the new lease accounting rules, the majority of these leases are recognized at the net present value on the balance sheet as a liability with an offsetting right-to-use asset effective in 2020. see note 8 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information. credit rating agencies routinely use information concerning minimum lease payments required for our operating leases to calculate our debt capacity.
the amounts reflected for purchase obligations represent noncancelable agreements to purchase goods or services that are not capital-related. such contracts include those for printing and advertising and promotions contracts.
included in the table above within the caption entitled "non-capital purchase obligations and other" is our estimate of the current portion of the liability ($103 million) for uncertain tax positions. we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time; therefore, the long-term portion of the liability ($89 million) is excluded from the table. see note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information.
investing activities the amounts reflected in the table above for capital purchase obligations represent noncancelable agreements to purchase capital-related equipment. such contracts include those for certain purchases of aircraft, aircraft modifications, vehicles and trailers, facilities, computers and other equipment.
as of may 31, 2021, we had $948 million in deposits and progress payments on aircraft purchases and other planned aircraft-related transactions.
financing activities we have certain financial instruments representing potential commitments, not reflected in the table above, that were incurred in the normal course of business to support our operations, including standby letters of credit and surety bonds. these instruments are required under certain u.s. self-insurance programs and are also used in the normal course of operations. the underlying liabilities insured by these instruments are reflected in our balance sheets, where applicable. therefore, no additional liability is reflected for the letters of credit and surety bonds themselves.
the amounts reflected in the table above for finance leases represent undiscounted future minimum lease payments under noncancelable finance leases with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year at may 31, 2021.
we do not have any guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
other business matters on june 24, 2019, fedex filed suit in u.s. district court in the district of columbia seeking to enjoin the u.s. department of commerce (the "doc") from enforcing prohibitions contained in the export administration regulations against fedex. on september 11, 2020, the court granted the doc's motion to dismiss the lawsuit. on november 5, 2020, we appealed this decision.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make significant judgments and estimates to develop amounts reflected and disclosed in the financial statements. in many cases, there are alternative policies or estimation techniques that could be used. we maintain a thorough process to review the application of our accounting policies and to evaluate the appropriateness of the many estimates that are required to prepare the financial statements of a complex, global corporation. however, even under optimal circumstances, estimates routinely require adjustment based on changing circumstances and new or better information.
the estimates discussed below include the financial statement elements that are either the most judgmental or involve the selection or application of alternative accounting policies and are material to our financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors and with our independent registered public accounting firm.
retirement plans overview. we sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. these programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and postretirement healthcare plans and are described in note 14 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. the rules for pension accounting are complex and can produce volatility in our earnings, financial condition and liquidity.
we are required to record annual year-end adjustments to our financial statements for the net funded status of our defined benefit pension and postretirement healthcare plans. the funded status of our plans also impacts our liquidity; however, the cash funding rules operate under a completely different set of assumptions and standards than those used for financial reporting purposes. as a result, our actual cash funding requirements can differ materially from our reported funded status.
over the past several years, we have taken numerous actions to reduce pension-related risk and expense, including the introduction of our portable pension account benefit, freezing our traditional pension benefit, employing a liability-driven investment strategy, permitting certain former employees with a traditional pension benefit to make a one-time, irrevocable election to receive their benefits in a lump-sum distribution and transferring approximately $6 billion of our u.s. pension plan obligations to metropolitan life insurance company.
in 2020, we announced the closing of our u.s.-based defined benefit pension plans to new non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2020. we will introduce an all-401(k)-plan retirement benefit structure for eligible employees with a higher company match of up to 8% across all u.s.-based operating companies in 2022. during calendar 2021, current eligible employees under the portable pension account (ppa) pension formula will be given a one-time option to continue to be eligible for pension compensation credits under the existing ppa formula and remain in the existing 401(k) plan with its company match of up to 3.5%, or to cease receiving compensation credits under the ppa and move to the new 401(k) plan with the higher company match of up to 8%. changes to the new 401(k) plan structure become effective beginning january 1, 2022. while this new program will provide employees greater flexibility and reduce our long-term pension costs, it will not have a material impact on current or near-term financial results.
the "salaries and employee benefits" caption of our accompanying consolidated income statements includes retirement plan expense associated with service costs. the "other retirement plans income (expense)" caption of our accompanying consolidated income statements includes our fourth quarter mtm adjustment, expense associated with prior service and interest costs, the expected return on assets ("eroa") and settlements. the retirement plans mtm adjustments for 2021 also include the mtm retirement plan accounting adjustment related to amendments to the tnt express netherlands pension plan. a summary of our retirement plan costs affecting our financial results over the past two years is as follows (in millions):
defined benefit pension plans                        $934             $864
items affecting other income (expense):
service cost for our defined benefit pension and postretirement healthcare plans was $978 million in 2021 and $906 million in 2020 and is expected to be approximately $939 million in 2022.
net of all fees and expenses, the actual rate of return on our u.s. pension plan assets was 12.90%, which was higher than our expected return of 6.75%. positive portfolio returns derived from our return-seeking assets were partially offset by losses from our fixed-income assets due to rising long-term interest rates. the weighted-average discount rate for all our pension and postretirement healthcare plans increased six basis points from 3.05% at may 31, 2020 to 3.11% at may 31, 2021. the demographic experience in 2021 reflects an update to our mortality and retirement rate assumptions and a current-year actuarial loss due to unfavorable experience compared to various demographic assumptions.
the weighted-average discount rate for all our pension and postretirement healthcare plans decreased 64 basis points from 3.69% at may 31, 2019 to 3.05% at may 31, 2020. the demographic experience in 2020 reflects an update to our mortality assumption and a current-year actuarial loss due to unfavorable experience compared to various demographic assumptions. the actual rate of return, which is net of all fees and expenses, on our u.s. pension plan assets of 15.00% was higher than our expected return of 6.75%, as return-seeking assets, primarily equities, were positive despite equity market volatility. additionally, fixed-income assets performed as expected as interest rates declined.
discount rate. the discount rate is the interest rate used to discount the estimated future benefit payments that have been accrued to date (the projected benefit obligation or "pbo") to their net present value and to determine the succeeding year's ongoing pension expense (prior to any year-end mtm adjustment). the discount rate is determined each year at the plan measurement date. the discount rate for our u.s. pension plans at each measurement date was as follows:
we determine the discount rate with the assistance of actuaries, who calculate the yield on a theoretical portfolio of high-grade corporate bonds (rated aa or better). in developing this theoretical portfolio, we select bonds that match cash flows to benefit payments, limit our concentration by industry and issuer, and apply screening criteria to ensure bonds with a call feature have a low probability of being called. to the extent scheduled bond proceeds exceed the estimated benefit payments in a given period, the calculation assumes those excess proceeds are reinvested at one-year forward rates.
the measurement of our pbo and the related impact on our annual mtm adjustment is highly sensitive to the discount rate assumption. for our largest pension plan, a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate would have decreased our 2021 pbo by approximately $2.1 billion and a 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate would have increased our 2021 pbo by approximately $2.3 billion. however, our annual net pension expense is less sensitive to changes in the discount rate. for example, a one-basis-point increase in the discount rate for our largest pension plan would have a $43 million effect on the fourth quarter mtm adjustment but only a net $0.1 million impact on net pension expense.
plan assets. the expected average rate of return on plan assets is a long-term, forward-looking assumption. it is required to be the expected future long-term rate of earnings on plan assets. our u.s. pension plan assets are invested primarily in publicly tradable securities, and our pension plans hold only a minimal investment in fedex common stock that is entirely at the discretion of third-party pension fund investment managers. as part of our strategy to manage pension costs and funded status volatility, we follow a liability-driven investment strategy to better align plan assets with liabilities.
   the duration of our pension plan liabilities, which drives the investment strategy we can employ with our pension plan assets;
for consolidated pension expense, we assumed a 6.75% expected long-term rate of return on our u.s. pension plan assets in 2021 and 2020. for 2022, we have decreased our eroa assumption to 6.50% due to the significant increase in 2021 administrative expenses payable from the pension trust due to higher pension benefit guaranty corporation ("pbgc") variable-rate premiums ("vrp") and based on our long-term outlook for the capital markets. the higher 2021 pbgc vrp resulted in a 25-basis point lower rate of return compared to 2020. the historical annual return on our u.s. pension plan assets, calculated on a compound geometric basis, was 7.9%, net of all fees and expenses, for the 15-year period ended may 31, 2021. for our u.s. pension plans, a one-basis-point change in our eroa would impact our 2022 pension expense by $3 million.
projected benefit obligation (pbo)            $34,034                $32,441
benefit payments during the year               $1,001                   $981
funding. the funding requirements for our u.s. pension plans are governed by the pension protection act of 2006, which has aggressive funding requirements in order to avoid benefit payment restrictions that become effective if the funded status determined under irs rules falls below 80% at the beginning of a plan year. all of our u.s. pension plans have funded status levels in excess of 80% and our plans are fully funded under the employee retirement income security act ("erisa"). additionally, current benefit payments do not materially impact our total plan assets (benefit payments for our u.s. pension plans for 2021 were approximately $929 million, or 3.1% of plan assets).
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income taxes are a function of our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the tax laws in the various jurisdictions are complex and subject to different interpretations by us and the respective governmental taxing authorities. as a result, significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. also, our effective tax rate is significantly affected by the earnings generated in each jurisdiction, so unexpected fluctuations in the geographic mix of earnings could significantly impact our tax rate. our intercompany transactions are based on globally accepted transfer pricing principles, which align profits with the business operations and functions of the various legal entities in our international business.
we evaluate our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. these evaluations are based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax laws or their interpretations, audit activity and changes in our business. in addition, management considers the advice of third parties in making conclusions regarding tax consequences.
tax contingencies arise from uncertainty in the application of tax rules throughout the many jurisdictions in which we operate. despite our belief that our tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, taxing authorities could challenge certain positions. we record tax benefits for uncertain tax positions based upon management's evaluation of the information available at the reporting date. to be recognized in the financial statements, a tax benefit must be at least more likely than not of being sustained based on the technical merits. the benefit for positions meeting the recognition threshold is measured as the largest benefit more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required in making these determinations and adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits may be necessary to reflect actual taxes payable upon settlement.
deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income rely heavily on estimates to make this determination so there is a risk that these estimates will have to be revised as new information is received. to the extent we do not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established. we believe we will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets that are not subject to valuation allowances. we record the taxes for global intangible low-taxed income as a period cost.
our income tax positions are based on currently enacted tax laws, including the tcja and the cares act. as further guidance is issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs and other standard-setting bodies, any resulting changes to our estimates will be treated in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance.
self-insurance accruals we are self-insured up to certain limits for costs associated with workers' compensation claims, vehicle accidents, property and cargo loss, general business liabilities and benefits paid under employee healthcare and disability programs. our reserves are established for estimates of loss on all incurred claims, including incurred-but-not-reported claims. self-insurance accruals reflected in our balance sheet were $4.0 billion at may 31, 2021 and $3.3 billion at may 31, 2020. approximately 39% of these accruals were classified as current liabilities.
our self-insurance accruals are primarily based on the actuarially estimated cost of claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. these estimates include consideration of factors such as severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality and plan designs. cost trends on material accruals are updated each quarter. we self-insure up to certain limits that vary by type of risk. periodically, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels based on risk tolerance and premium expense.
we believe the use of actuarial methods to account for these liabilities provides a consistent and effective way to measure these highly judgmental accruals. however, the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive given the magnitude of claims involved and the length of time until the ultimate cost is known. we believe our recorded obligations for these expenses are consistently measured on a conservative basis. nevertheless, changes in healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, insurance retention levels and other factors can materially affect the estimates for these liabilities.
long-lived assets useful lives and salvage values. our business is capital intensive, with approximately 53% of our owned assets invested in our transportation and information system infrastructures.
the depreciation or amortization of our capital assets over their estimated useful lives, and the determination of any salvage values, requires management to make judgments about future events. because we utilize many of our capital assets over relatively long periods (the majority of aircraft costs are depreciated over 15 to 30 years), we periodically evaluate whether adjustments to our estimated service lives or salvage values are necessary to ensure these estimates properly match the economic use of the asset. this evaluation may result in changes in the estimated lives and residual values used to depreciate our aircraft and other equipment. for our aircraft, we typically assign no residual value due to the utilization of these assets in cargo configuration, which results in little to no value at the end of their useful life. these estimates affect the amount of depreciation expense recognized in a period and, ultimately, the gain or loss on the disposal of the asset. changes in the estimated lives of assets will result in an increase or decrease in the amount of depreciation recognized in future periods and could have a material impact on our results of operations (as described below). historically, gains and losses on disposals of operating equipment have not been material. however, such amounts may differ materially in the future due to changes in business levels, technological obsolescence, accident frequency, regulatory changes and other factors beyond our control.
impairment. as of may 31, 2021, the fedex express global air network included a fleet of 684 aircraft (including approximately 300 supplemental aircraft) that provide delivery of packages and freight to more than 220 countries and territories through a wide range of u.s. and international shipping services. while certain aircraft are utilized in primary geographic areas (u.s. versus international), we operate an integrated global network, and utilize our aircraft and other modes of transportation to achieve the lowest cost of delivery while maintaining our service commitments to our customers. because of the integrated nature of our global network, our aircraft are interchangeable across routes and geographies, giving us flexibility with our fleet planning to meet changing global economic conditions and maintain and modify aircraft as needed.
because of the lengthy lead times for aircraft manufacture and modifications, we must anticipate volume levels and plan our fleet requirements years in advance, and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. furthermore, the timing and availability of certain used aircraft types (particularly those with better fuel efficiency) may create limited opportunities to acquire these aircraft at favorable prices in advance of our capacity needs. these activities create risks that asset capacity may exceed demand. at may 31, 2021, we had three purchased aircraft that were not yet placed into service.
the accounting test for whether an asset held for use is impaired involves first comparing the carrying value of the asset with its estimated future undiscounted cash flows. if the cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, the asset must be adjusted to its current fair value. we operate integrated transportation networks, and accordingly, cash flows for most of our operating assets are assessed at a network level, not at an individual asset level for our analysis of impairment. further, decisions about capital investments are evaluated based on the impact to the overall network rather than the return on an individual asset. we make decisions to remove certain long-lived assets from service based on projections of reduced capacity needs or lower operating costs of newer aircraft types, and those decisions may result in an impairment charge. assets held for disposal must be adjusted to their estimated fair values less costs to sell when the decision is made to dispose of the asset and certain other criteria are met. the fair value determinations for such aircraft may require management estimates, as there may not be active markets for some of these aircraft. such estimates are subject to revision from period to period.
in the normal management of our aircraft fleet, we routinely idle aircraft and engines temporarily due to maintenance cycles and adjustments of our network capacity to match seasonality and overall customer demand levels. temporarily idled assets are classified as available-for-use, and we continue to record depreciation expense associated with these assets. these temporarily idled assets are assessed for impairment and remaining life on a quarterly basis. the criteria for determining whether an asset has been permanently removed from service (and, as a result, is potentially impaired) include, but are not limited to, our global economic outlook and the impact of our outlook on our current and projected volume levels, including capacity needs during our peak shipping seasons; the introduction of new fleet types or decisions to permanently retire an aircraft fleet from operations; and changes to planned service expansion activities. at may 31, 2021, we had nine aircraft temporarily idled. these aircraft have been idled for an average of 17 months and are expected to return to revenue service in order to meet expected demand.
during 2020, we made the decision to permanently retire from service 10 airbus a310-300 aircraft and 12 related engines at fedex express to align with the needs of the u.s. domestic network and modernize its aircraft fleet. as a consequence of this decision, we recognized noncash impairment charges of $66 million ($50 million, net of tax, or $0.19 per diluted share) in the fedex express segment in 2020.
leases. we utilize operating leases to finance certain of our aircraft, facilities and equipment. such arrangements typically shift the risk of loss on the residual value of the assets at the end of the lease period to the lessor. in accordance with the new lease accounting standard adopted june 1, 2019, we had approximately $16 billion in operating lease liabilities and approximately $15 billion related right-of-use assets on the balance sheet as of may 31, 2021. the weighted-average remaining lease term of all operating leases outstanding at may 31, 2021 was approximately 10 years.
our leases generally contain options to extend or terminate the lease. we reevaluate our leases on a regular basis to consider the economic and strategic incentives of exercising the renewal options, and how they align with our operating strategy. therefore, substantially all the renewal option periods are not included within the lease term and the associated payments are not included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability as the options to extend are not reasonably certain at lease commencement. short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recognized in the right-to-use asset and lease liability on the consolidated balance sheets.
the lease liabilities are measured at the lease commencement date and determined using the present value of the minimum lease payments not yet paid and our incremental borrowing rate, which approximates the rate at which we would borrow, on a collateralized basis, over the term of a lease in the applicable currency environment. the interest rate implicit in the lease is generally not determinable in transactions where we are the lessee.
the determination of whether a lease is accounted for as a finance lease or an operating lease requires management to make estimates primarily about the fair value of the asset and its estimated economic useful life. in addition, our evaluation includes ensuring we properly account for build-to-suit lease arrangements and making judgments about whether various forms of lessee involvement during the construction period allow the lessee to control the underlying leased asset during the construction period. we believe we have well-defined and controlled processes for making these evaluations, including obtaining third-party appraisals for material transactions to assist us in making these evaluations.
goodwill. we had $7.0 billion of recorded goodwill at may 31, 2021 and $6.4 billion of recorded goodwill at may 31, 2020 from our business acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. several factors give rise to goodwill in our acquisitions, such as the expected benefits from synergies of the combination and the existing workforce of the acquired business.
goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. in our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we perform a qualitative assessment that requires management judgment and the use of estimates to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. an entity has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. an entity may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. we performed both qualitative and quantitative assessments of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2021 and 2020. this included comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value (including attributable goodwill). fair value is estimated using standard valuation methodologies (principally the income or market approach classified as level 3 within the fair value hierarchy) incorporating market participant considerations and management's assumptions on revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and expected capital expenditures. estimates used by management can significantly affect the outcome of the impairment test. changes in forecasted operating results and other assumptions could materially affect these estimates.
our reporting units with significant recorded goodwill include fedex express, fedex ground and fedex freight. we evaluated these reporting units during the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020 and the estimated fair value of each of these reporting units exceeded their carrying values as of the end of 2021 and 2020; therefore, we do not believe that any of these reporting units were impaired as of the balance sheet dates.
in connection with our annual impairment testing of goodwill conducted in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded impairment charges of $358 million predominantly attributable to our fedex office reporting unit. the covid-19 pandemic resulted in store closures and declining print revenue at fedex office during the fourth quarter of 2020, which negatively impacted its near-term operating performance. based on these factors, our outlook for the fedex office business and retail industry changed in the fourth quarter of 2020.
legal and other contingencies we are subject to various loss contingencies in connection with our operations. contingent liabilities are difficult to measure, as their measurement is subject to multiple factors that are not easily predicted or projected. further, additional complexity in measuring these liabilities arises due to the various jurisdictions in which these matters occur, which makes our ability to predict their outcome highly uncertain. moreover, different accounting rules must be employed to account for these items based on the nature of the contingency. accordingly, significant management judgment is required to assess these matters and to make determinations about the measurement of a liability, if any. certain pending loss contingencies are described in note 19 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. in the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, of individual matters or groups of related matters not specifically described in note 19 is not expected to be material to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. the following describes our methods and associated processes for evaluating these matters.
because of the complex environment in which we operate, we are subject to numerous legal proceedings and claims, including those relating to general commercial matters, governmental enforcement actions, employment-related claims and fedex ground's service providers. accounting guidance for contingencies requires an accrual of estimated loss from a contingency, such as a non-income tax or other legal proceeding or claim, when it is probable (i.e., the future event or events are likely to occur) that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. this guidance also requires disclosure of a loss contingency matter when, in management's judgment, a material loss is reasonably possible or probable.
during the preparation of our financial statements, we evaluate our contingencies to determine whether it is probable, reasonably possible or remote that a liability has been incurred. a loss is recognized for all contingencies deemed probable and estimable, regardless of amount. for unresolved contingencies with potentially material exposure that are deemed reasonably possible, we evaluate whether a potential loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated.
our evaluation of these matters is the result of a comprehensive process designed to ensure that accounting recognition of a loss or disclosure of these contingencies is made in a timely manner and involves our legal and accounting personnel, as well as external counsel where applicable. the process includes regular communications during each quarter and scheduled meetings shortly before the completion of our financial statements to evaluate any new legal proceedings and the status of existing matters.
   the current status of each matter within the scope and context of the entire lawsuit or proceeding (e.g., the lengthy and complex nature of class-action matters);
   any opportunities to dispose of a lawsuit on its merits before trial (i.e., motion to dismiss or for summary judgment);
   the status of settlement, arbitration or mediation proceedings; and
in reaching our conclusions with respect to accrual of a loss or loss contingency disclosure, we take a holistic view of each matter based on these factors and the information available prior to the issuance of our financial statements. uncertainty with respect to an individual factor or combination of these factors may impact our decisions related to accrual or disclosure of a loss contingency, including a conclusion that we are unable to establish an estimate of possible loss or a meaningful range of possible loss. we update our disclosures to reflect our most current understanding of the contingencies at the time we issue our financial statements. however, events may arise that were not anticipated and the outcome of a contingency may result in a loss to us that differs materially from our previously estimated liability or range of possible loss.
despite the inherent complexity in the accounting and disclosure of contingencies, we believe that our processes are robust and thorough and provide a consistent framework for management in evaluating the potential outcome of contingencies for proper accounting recognition and disclosure.