item 1a. risk factors we have listed below the most material risk factors applicable to us. these risk factors are not necessarily in the order of importance or probability of occurrence:
risks related to our competition and strategy if we do not deliver new products, services, technologies and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer preferences in the automotive industry, our business could suffer.  we believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers shift resources to the development of evs. in addition to our traditional competitors, we must also be responsive to the entrance of start-ups and other non-traditional competitors in the automotive industry. these new competitors, as well as established industry participants, are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation and vehicle ownership. to successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core ice business, such as evs and avs, software-enabled connected services and other new businesses.
our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. the process of designing and developing new technology, products and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. if our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, if costs of capital increased significantly, or if our ability to raise capital is challenged relative to our peers, in each case including as a result of any constraints on lending due to concerns about climate change, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could be adversely affected. further, the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and diverse employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans.
there can be no assurance that advances in technology will occur in a timely or feasible way, if at all, that others will not acquire similar or superior technologies sooner than we do, or that we will acquire technologies on an exclusive basis or at a significant price advantage. further, if we are unable to prevent or effectively remedy errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or defects in our software and hardware, or fail to deploy updates to our software properly, or if we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability and long-term competitiveness may be harmed.
our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including evs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. we operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. producing new and improved vehicle models, including evs, that preserve our reputation for designing, building and selling safe, high-quality cars, trucks and suvs is critical to our long-term profitability. successful launches of our new vehicles are critical to our short-term profitability. the new vehicle development process can take two years or more, and a number of factors may lengthen that time period. because of this product development cycle and the various elements that may contribute to consumers' acceptance of new vehicle designs, including competitors' product introductions, technological innovations, fuel prices, general economic conditions, regulatory developments, transportation infrastructure and changes in quality, safety, reliability and styling demands and preferences, an initial product concept or design may not result in a saleable vehicle or a vehicle that generates sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. our high proportion of fixed costs, both due to our significant investment in property, plant and equipment as well as other requirements of our collective bargaining agreements, which limit our flexibility to adjust personnel costs to changes in demands for our products, may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles.
our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of evs. the production and profitable sale of evs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. in 2021, we increased our commitment to investments in ev and av technologies to more than $35.0 billion from 2020 through 2025, with plans to launch more than 30 new ev models globally across several price points in that timeframe. our ev strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of high-quality evs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of evs, particularly with respect to batteries; increase vehicle range and the energy density of our batteries; license and monetize our proprietary platforms and related innovations; successfully invest in new technologies relative to our peers; develop new software and services; and leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities and synergies with existing ice vehicles.
general motors company and subsidiaries in addition, consumer adoption of evs will be critical to the success of our strategy. consumer adoption of evs could be impacted by numerous factors, including the breadth of the portfolio of evs available; perceptions about ev features, quality, safety, performance and cost relative to ice vehicles; the range over which evs may be driven on a full battery charge; the proliferation of charging infrastructure, in particular with respect to public ev charging stations; cost and availability of high fuel-economy ice vehicles; volatility, or a sustained decrease, in the cost of petroleum-based fuel; failure by governments and other third parties to make the investments necessary to make infrastructure improvements, such as greater availability of cleaner energy grids and ev charging stations, and to provide economic incentives promoting the adoption of evs; and negative feedback from stakeholders impacting investor and consumer confidence in our company or industry. if we are unable to successfully deliver on our ev strategy, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects, and could negatively impact our brand and reputation.
our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of full-size ice suvs and full-size ice pickup trucks. while we offer a broad portfolio of cars, crossovers, suvs and trucks, and we have announced significant plans to design, build and sell a broad portfolio of evs, we currently recognize higher profit margins on our full-size ice suvs and full-size ice trucks. our near-term success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. we also plan to use the cash generated by our ice vehicles to fund our growth strategy, including the development and sale of evs and avs. any near-term shift in consumer preferences toward smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles, whether as a result of increases in the price of oil or any sustained shortage of oil, including as a result of global political instability, concerns about climate change, including any constraints related to lending on ghg-emitting products, or other reasons, could weaken the demand for our higher margin vehicles. more stringent fuel economy regulations could also impact our ability to sell these vehicles or could result in additional costs associated with these vehicles. see "our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business."
we operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results. the global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of the quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service and financial services offered. additionally, overall manufacturing capacity in the industry has historically far exceeded demand. in addition, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in ev manufacturing capacity based on our expectations for ev demand, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties as described above. many manufacturers, including gm, have relatively high fixed labor costs as well as limitations on their ability to close facilities and reduce fixed costs, often as a result of collective bargaining agreements. in light of any excess capacity and high fixed costs, many industry participants have attempted to sell more vehicles by providing subsidized financing or leasing programs, offering marketing incentives or reducing vehicle prices. as a result, we may be required to offer similar incentives that may result in vehicle prices that do not offset our costs, including any cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, which could affect our profitability. our competitors may also seek to benefit from economies of scale by consolidating or entering into other strategic agreements such as alliances or joint ventures intended to enhance their competitiveness.
manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as china and india, have become competitors in key emerging markets and have announced their intention to export their products to established markets as a low-cost alternative to established entry-level automobiles. in addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers, including gm and its joint venture partners. these actions have had, and are expected to continue to have, a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results in these markets.
our av strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational and regulatory risks. gm cruise holdings llc (cruise holdings), our majority-owned subsidiary, is responsible for the development and commercialization of av technology. our av operations are capital intensive and subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware, such as light detection and ranging (lidar) sensors and other components; access to sufficient capital; risks related to the manufacture of purpose-built avs; and significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to av technologies than we do. in addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of avs on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state or provincial regulations. to the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous driving systems occur, we could be subject to liability, reputational harm, government scrutiny and further regulation, and it could deter consumer adoption of av technology. any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.
general motors company and subsidiaries we are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of ghg emissions, changing consumer preferences and other risks related to our transition to evs and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. increasing attention to climate change, increasing societal expectations on companies to address climate change and changes in consumer preferences may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, risks associated with new regulatory requirements and the potential for increased litigation and governmental investigations. climate change regulations at the federal, state or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to further limit emissions associated with customer use of products we sell, change our manufacturing processes or product portfolio or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, which may be material. these requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our ice vehicles. see "our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business."
part of our strategy to address these risks includes our transition to evs, which presents additional risks, including reduced demand for, and therefore profits from, our ice vehicles, which we plan to use to fund our growth strategy; higher costs related to ev technologies impacting profitability compared to ice vehicles; and risks related to the success of our ev strategy. see "our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of evs" and "our near-term profitability is dependent upon the success of our current line of full-size ice suvs and full-size ice pickup trucks."
finally, increased intensity, frequency or duration of storms, droughts or other severe weather events as a result of climate change may disrupt our production and the production, logistics, cost and procurement of products from our suppliers and timely delivery of vehicles to customers, and could negatively impact working conditions at our plants and those of our suppliers. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our operations our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile.  because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. a number of economic and market conditions drive changes in new vehicle sales, including disruptions in the new vehicle supply chain, the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment and inflation, availability of affordable financing, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence and demand for vehicles, political unrest or uncertainty, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, including covid-19, barriers to trade and other global economic conditions. for a discussion of economic and market trends, see the "overview" section in part ii, item 7. md&a. any significant decrease in new vehicle sales could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
high prices and uncertain availability of commodities, raw materials or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, or instability in logistics and related costs, could negatively impact our profitability. increases in prices for commodities, raw materials or other inputs that we and our suppliers use in manufacturing products, systems, components and parts, such as steel, precious metals, non-ferrous metals, critical minerals or other similar raw materials, or increases in logistics and related costs, may lead to higher production costs for parts, components and vehicles. in addition, any increase in the cost of critical materials for our ev propulsion systems, including lithium, nickel, cobalt and certain rare earth metals, could lead to higher production costs for our evs and could impede our ability to successfully deliver on our ev strategy. further, increasing global demand for, and uncertain supply of, such materials could disrupt our or our suppliers' ability to obtain such materials in a timely manner and/or could lead to increased costs. geopolitical risk, fluctuations in supply and demand, any weakening of the u.s. dollar and other economic and political factors may continue to create pricing pressure for commodities, raw materials and other inputs. these inflationary pressures could, in turn, negatively impact our future profitability because we may not be able to pass all of those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs.
our business in china subjects us to unique operational, competitive and regulatory risks. pursuing opportunities in the chinese market is an important component of our global growth strategy. our business in china is subject to aggressive competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous domestic manufacturers as well as non-traditional market participants, such as domestic technology companies. in addition, our success in china depends upon our ability to adequately address unique market and consumer preferences driven by advancements related to evs, infotainment, software-enabled connected services and other new technologies. our ability to fully deploy our technologies in china may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the u.s. and china. increased competition, continued u.s.-china trade tensions or weakening economic conditions in china, among other factors, may result in cost increases, price reductions, reduced sales, profitability and margins, and challenges to gaining or holding market share.
certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in china are solely within the control of the chinese government, and chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within china. in order to maintain access to the chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements that are unique to the chinese market, at times with challenging lead times. these actions may increase the cost of doing business in china or general motors company and subsidiaries limit how and under what conditions we may do business in china, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
we benefit from many ongoing strategic business relationships, and a significant amount of our operations are conducted by joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit. we are engaged in many strategic business relationships, and we expect that such arrangements will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business, particularly in light of industry consolidation. however, there are no assurances that we will be able to identify or secure suitable business relationships in the future or that our competitors will not capitalize on such opportunities before we do, or that any strategic business relationships that we enter into will be successful. if we are unable to successfully source and execute on strategic business relationships in the future, our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, prospects and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, many of our operations, primarily in china and korea as well as our battery manufacturing operations with lg energy solution, are carried out by joint ventures. in joint ventures we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do and may compete with us outside the joint venture. joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. in joint ventures we are required to foster our relationships with our co-owners as well as promote the overall success of the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, relationships deteriorate or strategic objectives diverge, our success in the joint venture may be materially adversely affected. further, the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, therefore we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures.
in addition, because we share ownership and management with one or more parties, we may have limited control over the actions of a joint venture, particularly when we own a minority interest. as a result, we may be unable to prevent violations of applicable laws or other misconduct by a joint venture or the failure to satisfy contractual obligations by one or more parties. moreover, a joint venture may not follow the same requirements regarding compliance, internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. to the extent another party makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control issues arise within the joint venture, we may have to take responsive actions, or we may be subject to penalties, fines or other punitive actions for these activities.
the international scale and footprint of our operations expose us to additional risks. we manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon an integrated global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture our products. our global operations subject us to extensive domestic and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, and a variety of other political, economic and regulatory risks, including: (1) changes in government leadership; (2) changes in trade compliance, labor, employment, tax, privacy, environmental and other laws, regulations or government policies impacting our overall business model or practices or restricting our ability to manufacture, purchase or sell products consistent with market demand and our business objectives; (3) political pressures to change any aspect of our business model or practices or that impair our ability to source raw materials, services, components, systems and parts, or manufacture products on competitive terms in a manner consistent with our business objectives; (4) political uncertainty, instability, civil unrest or government controls over certain sectors; (5) political and economic tensions between governments and changes in international economic policies, including restrictions on the repatriation of dividends or in the export of technology, especially between china and the u.s.; (6) changes to customs requirements or procedures (e.g., inspections) or new or higher tariffs, for example, on products imported into or exported from the u.s., including under u.s. or other trade laws or measures; (7) new non-tariff barriers to entry or domestic preference procurement requirements, or enforcement of, changes to, withdrawals from or impediments to implementing free trade agreements (for example, the united states-mexico-canada agreement), or preferences of foreign nationals for domestically manufactured products; (8) changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly in brazil and argentina, and interest rates; (9) economic downturns or significant changes in conditions in the countries in which we operate; (10) differing local product preferences and product requirements, including government certification requirements related to, among other things, fuel economy, vehicle emissions, evs and avs, connected services and safety; (11) impact of changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls, economic sanctions and other similar measures; (12) liabilities resulting from u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to the foreign corrupt practices act and certain other anti-corruption laws; (13) differing labor regulations, agreements, requirements and union relationships; (14) differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships; (15) difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries for local operations; and (16) natural disasters, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19, and other catastrophic events.
any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. we assemble vehicles at various facilities around the world. our facilities are typically designed to produce particular models for particular geographic markets. no single facility is designed to manufacture our full range of vehicles. in some cases, certain facilities produce products, systems, components and parts that disproportionately contribute a greater degree to our profitability than general motors company and subsidiaries others and create significant interdependencies among manufacturing facilities around the world. should these or other facilities become unavailable either temporarily or permanently for any number of reasons, including labor disruptions, supply chain disruptions, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19, or catastrophic weather events, whether or not as a result of climate change, the inability to manufacture at the affected facility may result in harm to our reputation, increased costs, lower revenues and the loss of customers. in particular, substantially all of our hourly employees are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements that must be negotiated from time-to-time, including at the local facility level, which increases our risk of work stoppages. we may not be able to easily shift production to other facilities or to make up for lost production. any new facility needed to replace an inoperable manufacturing facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements, need to satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements and require specialized equipment.
any disruption in our suppliers' operations could disrupt our production schedule. our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials and parts that we need to manufacture our products. our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory. as a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials and parts on time to meet our production schedules. in some instances, we purchase systems, components, raw materials and parts that are ultimately derived from a single source and may be at an increased risk for supply disruptions. any number of factors, including labor disruptions, catastrophic weather events, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as covid-19, contractual or other disputes, unfavorable economic or industry conditions, delivery delays or other performance problems or financial difficulties or solvency problems, could disrupt our suppliers' operations and lead to uncertainty in our supply chain or cause supply disruptions for us, which could, in turn, disrupt our operations, including the production of certain higher margin vehicles. if the covid-19 pandemic continues to spread or re-emerges and results in a prolonged period of travel, commercial, social and other similar restrictions, we could experience continued and/or additional global supply disruptions. if we experience supply disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly. any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials or parts even for a relatively short period of time could cause us to alter production schedules, increase work-in-process inventory or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues or an increase in working capital, which would adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.
in particular, a global semiconductor supply shortage has had, and is continuing to have, wide-ranging effects across multiple industries, particularly the automotive industry, and it has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply to us. as a result, the semiconductor supply shortage has had, and depending on how long it persists, could continue to have, a material impact on our operations.
the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the global economy may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the u.s. or globally may disrupt our business, which could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and future expectations. the covid-19 pandemic has caused, and is continuing to cause, significant disruption to the global economy, including the automotive industry, and has had a material impact on our business. however, the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our operations will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, any subsequent outbreaks of the virus or any related variants and the efficacy, availability and adoption of vaccines. future developments are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence and may adversely impact our global supply chain and global manufacturing operations and cause us to again suspend our operations in the u.s. and elsewhere. in particular, if the covid-19 pandemic continues or re-emerges, particularly in north america where our profits are most concentrated, resulting in a prolonged period of travel, commercial, social and other similar restrictions, we could experience among other things: (1) continued or additional global supply disruptions, including a delayed recovery from the global semiconductor supply shortage; (2) labor disruptions; (3) an inability to manufacture; (4) an inability to sell to our customers; (5) a decline in showroom traffic and customer demand during and following the pandemic; (6) customer defaults on automobile loans and leases; (7) lower than expected pricing on vehicles sold at auction; and (8) an impaired ability to access credit and the capital markets. we may also be subject to enhanced legal risks, including potential litigation related to the covid-19 pandemic. we also have substantial cash requirements going forward, including: (1) ongoing cash costs including payments associated with previously announced vehicle recalls, the settlements of multi-district litigation and other recall-related contingencies, payments to service debt and other long-term obligations, including mandatory contributions to our pension plans; and (2) capital expenditures and payments for engineering and product development activities. our ability to meet these cash requirements may be negatively impacted by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. any resulting financial impact or the duration of such impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but the covid-19 pandemic could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations going forward.
we may continue to restructure our operations in the u.s. and various other countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions, but we may not succeed in doing so. since 2017, we have undertaken restructuring actions to lower our operating costs in response to difficult market and operating conditions in various parts of the world, including the u.s., general motors company and subsidiaries canada, korea, southeast asia, india, africa, australia and new zealand and europe. as we continue to assess our performance throughout our regions, we may take additional restructuring actions to rationalize our operations, which may result in material asset write-downs or impairments and reduce our profitability in the periods incurred. in addition, these restructuring actions subject us to increased risks of labor unrest or strikes, supplier, dealer, or other third-party litigation, regulator claims or proceedings, negative publicity and business disruption. failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our restructuring and/or cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and cash flows.
risks related to our intellectual property, cybersecurity, information technology and data management practices competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, and there are no guarantees that gm's intellectual property rights would prevent competitors from independently developing or selling those products and services.  there may be instances where, notwithstanding our intellectual property position, competitive products or services may impact the value of our brands and other intangible assets, and our business may be adversely affected. moreover, although gm takes reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of gm proprietary information, there can be no assurance that such efforts will completely deter or prevent misappropriation or improper use of our intellectual property. we sometimes face attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, we may be the target of patent enforcement actions by third parties, including aggressive and opportunistic enforcement claims by non-practicing entities. regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. although we have taken steps to mitigate such risks, if we are found to have infringed any third-party intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages, or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services. in addition, to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property against third parties. any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management's attention, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any such action.
security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, owned or maintained by us, gm financial, or third-parties, such as vendors or suppliers, could interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. we rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked and connected products, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities and products. additionally, we and gm financial collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property and proprietary business information (including that of our dealers and suppliers), as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks (including networks that may be controlled or maintained by third parties). the secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. further, customers using our systems rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our products and the protection of their data. we also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, service providers, suppliers, customers, counterparties, exchanges, clearing agents, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries. such parties and other third parties who provide us services or with whom we communicate could also be the source of a cyberattack on, or breach of, our operational systems, network, data or infrastructure. despite our security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology systems and networked and connected products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses, malware (including "ransomware"), phishing attacks or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to these systems and products. the occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them. similarly, such an occurrence could result in the compromise or loss of the information processed by these systems and products. such events could result in, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations and damage to our reputation. in addition, such events could increase the risk of claims alleging that we are non-compliant with applicable laws or regulations, subjecting us to potential liability or regulatory penalties and related costs under laws protecting the privacy of personal information; disrupt our operations; or reduce the competitive advantage we hope to derive from our investment in advanced technologies. various events described above have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. although impacts of past events have been immaterial, the impacts of such events in the future may be material.
security breaches and other disruptions of our in-vehicle systems could impact the safety of our customers and reduce confidence in gm and our products. our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. these systems control various vehicle functions including engine, transmission, safety, steering, navigation, acceleration, braking, window, door lock functions and battery and electric motors. we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent general motors company and subsidiaries unauthorized access to these systems. however, hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such systems to gain control of, or to change, our vehicles' functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. any unauthorized access to or control of our vehicles or their systems could adversely impact the safety of our customers or result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties. laws that would permit third-party access to vehicle data and related systems could expose our vehicles and vehicle systems to third-party access without appropriate security measures in place, leading to new safety and security risks for our customers and reducing customer trust and confidence in our products. in addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles or their systems could negatively affect our brand and harm our reputation, which could adversely impact our business and operating results.
our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing and security of the personal identifiable information of our customers, employees and suppliers, are subject to increasingly complex and restrictive regulations in all key market regions. under these regulations, the failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as brand impact or other harm to our business. in addition, increased consumer sensitivity to real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data practices could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations will be high and is likely to increase in the future. the growing patchwork of state and country regulations imposes burdensome obligations on companies to quickly respond to consumer requests, such as requests to delete, disclose and stop selling personal information, with significant fines for noncompliance. complying with these new laws has significantly increased, and may continue to increase, our operating costs and is driving increased complexity in our operations.
risks related to government regulations and litigation our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, regulations and policies, including those related to vehicle emissions and fuel economy standards, which can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. we are significantly affected by governmental regulations on a global basis that can increase costs related to the production of our vehicles and affect our product portfolio, particularly regulations relating to fuel economy standards and ghg emissions. meeting or exceeding the requirements of these regulations is costly, often technologically challenging and may require phase-out of internal combustion propulsion in certain major jurisdictions, and these standards are often not harmonized across jurisdictions. we anticipate that the number and extent of these and other regulations, laws and policies, and the related costs and changes to our product portfolio, may increase significantly in the future, primarily motivated by efforts to reduce ghg emissions. specifically, fuel economy and ghg emission regulations at the federal, state or local level or in international jurisdictions could require us to further limit the sale of certain profitable products, subsidize the sale of less profitable ones, change our manufacturing processes, pay penalties or undertake other activities that may require us to incur additional expense, which may be material. these requirements may increase the cost of, and/or diminish demand for, our vehicles. these regulatory requirements, among others, could significantly affect our plans for global product development and, given the uncertainty surrounding enforcement and regulatory definitions and interpretations, may result in substantial costs, including civil or criminal penalties. in addition, an evolving but un-harmonized emissions and fuel economy regulatory framework that could include specific sales mandates may limit or dictate the types of vehicles we sell and where we sell them, which can affect our revenues. refer to the "environmental and regulatory matters" section of item 1. business for further information on regulatory and environmental requirements.
we expect that to comply with fuel economy and ghg emission standards and mandates to sell specific volumes of zev in certain jurisdictions, we will be required to sell a significant volume of evs, and potentially develop and implement new technologies for conventional internal combustion engines, all of which will require substantial investment and expense. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, lack of sufficient consumer acceptance of new technologies and of changes in vehicle mix, lack of willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, especially for evs, and the human, engineering and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. there is no assurance that we will be able to produce and sell vehicles that use such new technologies on a profitable basis or that our customers will purchase such vehicles in the quantities necessary for us to comply with current or future regulatory requirements.
in the current uncertain regulatory framework, compliance costs for which we may be responsible and that are not reasonably estimable could be substantial. alleged violations of fuel economy or emission standards could result in legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, restricted product offerings or a combination of any of those items. any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, financial condition and operations, including facility idling, reduced employment, increased costs and loss of revenue.
general motors company and subsidiaries in addition, many of our advanced technologies, including avs, present novel issues with which domestic and foreign regulators have only limited experience, and will be subject to evolving regulatory frameworks. any current or future regulations in these areas could impede the successful commercialization of these technologies and impact whether and how these technologies are designed and integrated into our products, and may ultimately subject us to increased costs and uncertainty.
we could be materially adversely affected by unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations or other proceedings. we are subject to legal proceedings in the u.s. and elsewhere involving various issues, including product liability lawsuits, warranty litigation, class action litigations alleging product defects, emissions litigation, stockholder litigation, labor and employment litigation and claims and actions arising from restructurings and divestitures of operations and assets. in addition, we are subject to governmental proceedings and investigations. a negative outcome in one or more of these legal proceedings could result in the imposition of damages, including punitive damages, fines, reputational harm, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties, interruptions of business, modification of business practices, equitable remedies and other sanctions against us or our personnel as well as legal and other costs, all of which may be significant. for a further discussion of these matters refer to note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services could materially adversely affect our business. government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy certain product safety defects through recall campaigns and vehicle repurchases. under these standards, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or may incur various costs, including significant costs for repairs made at no cost to the consumer. the costs we incur in connection with these recalls typically include the cost of the part being replaced and labor to remove and replace the defective part. the costs to complete a recall could be exacerbated to the extent that such action relates to a global platform, such as the chevrolet bolt ev recall. concerns about the safety of our products, including advanced technologies like avs, whether raised internally or by regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence or supported by data, can result in product delays, recalls, field actions, lost sales, governmental investigations, regulatory action, private claims, lawsuits and settlements and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in our products and ability to lead the disruption occurring in the automotive industry.
we currently source a variety of systems, components, raw materials and parts from third parties. from time to time these items may have performance or quality issues that could harm our reputation and cause us to incur significant costs, particularly if the affected items relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production. our ability to recover costs associated with recalls or other campaigns caused by parts or components purchased from suppliers may be limited by the suppliers' financial condition or a number of other reasons or defenses.
we may incur additional tax expense or become subject to additional tax exposure. we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the u.s. and numerous other jurisdictions in which we do business. many judgments are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities, and we are regularly under audit by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities, which may not agree with our tax positions. in addition, our tax liabilities are subject to other significant risks and uncertainties, including those arising from potential changes in laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business, the possibility of adverse determinations with respect to the application of existing laws, changes in our business or structure and changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. any unfavorable resolution of these and other uncertainties may have a significant adverse impact on our tax rate and results of operations. if our tax expense were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks related to automotive financing - gm financial we rely on gm financial to provide financial services to our customers and dealers. gm financial faces a number of business, economic and financial risks that could impair its access to capital and negatively affect its business and operations, which in turn could impede its ability to provide leasing and financing to customers and commercial lending to our dealers. any reduction in gm financial's ability to provide such financial services would negatively affect our efforts to support additional sales of our vehicles and expand our market penetration among customers and dealers.
the primary factors that could adversely affect gm financial's business and operations and reduce its ability to provide financing services at competitive rates include the sufficiency, availability and cost of sources of financing, including credit facilities, securitization programs and secured and unsecured debt issuances; the performance of loans and leases in its portfolio, which could be materially affected by charge-offs, delinquencies and prepayments; wholesale auction values of used vehicles; vehicle return rates and the residual value performance on vehicles gm financial leases to customers; fluctuations in interest rates and currencies; competition for customers from commercial banks, credit unions and other financing and leasing companies; and changes to regulation, supervision, enforcement and licensing across various jurisdictions.
general motors company and subsidiaries in addition, gm financial has certain floating-rate obligations, hedging transactions and floating-rate dealer loans that determine their applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to the london interbank offered rate (libor). the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. in march 2021, the ice benchmark administration limited, the administrator of libor, extended the transition dates of certain libor tenors (including all u.s. dollar libor tenors other than one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor tenors) to june 30, 2023, after which libor reference rates will cease to be provided. despite this deferral, the libor administrator has advised that no new contracts using u.s. dollar libor should be entered into after december 31, 2021. it is unknown whether any banks will continue to voluntarily submit rates for the calculation of libor, or whether libor will continue to be published by its administrator based on these submissions or on any other basis, after such dates. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments or any discontinuance, modification or other reforms may have on libor, other benchmarks or floating-rate debt instruments, including gm financial's floating-rate debt. any such discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially adversely affect interest rates on gm financial's current indebtedness. there is a risk that the discontinuation of libor will impact gm financial's ability to manage interest rate risk effectively without an adequate replacement.
further, as an entity operating in the financial services sector, gm financial is required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that may be costly to adhere to and may affect our consolidated operating results. compliance with these laws and regulations requires that gm financial maintain forms, processes, procedures, controls and the infrastructure to support these requirements, and these laws and regulations often create operational constraints both on gm financial's ability to implement servicing procedures and on pricing. laws in the financial services industry are designed primarily for the protection of consumers. the failure to comply with these laws could result in significant statutory civil and criminal penalties, monetary damages, attorneys' fees and costs, possible revocation of licenses and damage to reputation, brand and valued customer relationships.
risks related to defined benefit pension plans our defined benefit pension plans are currently underfunded and our pension funding requirements could increase significantly due to a reduction in funded status as a result of a variety of factors, including weak performance of financial markets, declining interest rates, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in assumptions or investments that do not achieve adequate returns. our employee benefit plans currently hold a significant amount of equity and fixed income securities. a detailed description of the investment funds and strategies and our potential funding requirements are disclosed in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements, which also describes significant concentrations of risk to the plan investments.
our future funding requirements for our defined benefit pension plans depend upon the future performance of assets placed in trusts for these plans, the level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of benefits provided for by the plans and any changes in laws and regulations. future funding requirements generally increase if the discount rate decreases or if actual asset returns are lower than expected asset returns, assuming other factors are held constant. we estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions.
there are additional risks due to the complexity and magnitude of our investments. examples include implementation of significant changes in investment policy, insufficient market liquidity in particular asset classes and the inability to quickly rebalance illiquid and long-term investments.
factors that affect future funding requirements for our u.s. defined benefit plans generally affect the required funding for non-u.s. plans. certain plans outside the u.s. do not have assets and therefore the obligation is funded as benefits are paid. if local legal authorities increase the minimum funding requirements for our non-u.s. plans, we could be required to contribute more funds, which could negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this md&a should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and notes. forward-looking statements in this md&a are not guarantees of future performance and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. refer to the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties. the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2019 included in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 is incorporated by reference into this md&a.
non-gaap measures  our non-gaap measures include: earnings before interest and taxes (ebit)-adjusted, presented net of noncontrolling interests; earnings before income taxes (ebt)-adjusted for our gm financial segment; earnings per share (eps)-diluted-adjusted; effective tax rate-adjusted (etr-adjusted); return on invested capital-adjusted (roic-adjusted) and adjusted automotive free cash flow. our calculation of these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies due to potential differences between companies in the method of calculation. as a result, the use of these non-gaap measures has limitations and should not be considered superior to, in isolation from, or as a substitute for, related u.s. gaap measures.
these non-gaap measures allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. furthermore, these non-gaap measures allow investors the opportunity to measure and monitor our performance against our externally communicated targets and evaluate the investment decisions being made by management to improve roic-adjusted. management uses these measures in its financial, investment and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. further, our board of directors uses certain of these and other measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. for these reasons, we believe these non-gaap measures are useful for our investors.
ebit-adjusted ebit-adjusted is presented net of noncontrolling interests and is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated operating results because it excludes automotive interest income, automotive interest expense and income taxes as well as certain additional adjustments that are not considered part of our core operations.
general motors company and subsidiaries examples of adjustments to ebit include, but are not limited to, impairment charges on long-lived assets and other exit costs resulting from strategic shifts in our operations or discrete market and business conditions; costs arising from the ignition switch recall and related legal matters; and certain currency devaluations associated with hyperinflationary economies. for ebit-adjusted and our other non-gaap measures, once we have made an adjustment in the current period for an item, we will also adjust the related non-gaap measure in any future periods in which there is an impact from the item. our corresponding measure for our gm financial segment is ebt-adjusted because interest income and interest expense are part of operating results when assessing and measuring the operational and financial performance of the segment.
eps-diluted-adjusted eps-diluted-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our consolidated diluted eps results on a consistent basis. eps-diluted-adjusted is calculated as net income attributable to common stockholders-diluted less adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and certain income tax adjustments divided by weighted-average common shares outstanding-diluted. examples of income tax adjustments include the establishment or reversal of significant deferred tax asset valuation allowances.
etr-adjusted etr-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review the consolidated effective tax rate for our core operations on a consistent basis. etr-adjusted is calculated as income tax expense less the income tax related to the adjustments noted above for ebit-adjusted and the income tax adjustments noted above for eps-diluted-adjusted divided by income before income taxes less adjustments. when we provide an expected adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide an expected effective tax rate because the u.s. gaap measure may include significant adjustments that are difficult to predict.
roic-adjusted roic-adjusted is used by management and can be used by investors to review our investment and capital allocation decisions. we define roic-adjusted as ebit-adjusted for the trailing four quarters divided by roic-adjusted average net assets, which is considered to be the average equity balances adjusted for average automotive debt and interest liabilities, exclusive of finance leases; average automotive net pension and other postretirement benefits (opeb) liabilities; and average automotive net income tax assets during the same period.
adjusted automotive free cash flow adjusted automotive free cash flow is used by management and can be used by investors to review the liquidity of our automotive operations and to measure and monitor our performance against our capital allocation program and evaluate our automotive liquidity against the substantial cash requirements of our automotive operations. we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. management actions can include voluntary events such as discretionary contributions to employee benefit plans or nonrecurring specific events such as a closure of a facility that are considered special for ebit-adjusted purposes. refer to the "liquidity and capital resources" section of this md&a for additional information.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table reconciles net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted:
gm korea wage litigation(d)                                        82                           -                           -
ignition switch recall and related legal matters(f)                 -                       (130)                           -
transformation activities(g)                                        -                           -                       1,735
faw-gm divestiture(h)                                               -                           -                         164
ebit-adjusted                                                 $14,295                      $9,710                      $8,393
(a)this adjustment was excluded because it relates to potential royalties accrued with respect to past-year sales.
(b)these adjustments were excluded because of the unique events associated with decisions rendered by the superior judicial court of brazil resulting in retrospective recoveries of indirect taxes in the year ended december 31, 2019, and a potential settlement with certain third parties relating to these recoveries in the year ended december 31, 2021.
(c)these adjustments were excluded because they relate to strategic activities to transition certain cadillac dealers from the network as part of cadillac's electric vehicle strategy.
(d)this adjustment was excluded because of the unique events associated with recent supreme court of the republic of korea (korea supreme court) decisions related to our salaried workers.
(e)these adjustments were excluded because of a strategic decision to rationalize our core operations by exiting or significantly reducing our presence in various international markets to focus resources on opportunities expected to deliver higher returns. the adjustments primarily consist of dealer restructurings, asset impairments, inventory provisions and employee separation charges in australia, new zealand, thailand and india in the year ended december 31, 2020.
(f)these adjustments were excluded because of the unique events associated with the ignition switch recall, which included various investigations, inquiries and complaints from constituents.
(g)these adjustments were excluded because of a strategic decision to accelerate our transformation for the future to strengthen our core business, capitalize on the future of personal mobility, and drive significant cost efficiencies. the adjustments primarily consist of accelerated depreciation, supplier-related charges, pension and other curtailment charges and employee-related separation charges in the year ended december 31, 2019.
(h)this adjustment was excluded because we divested our joint venture faw-gm light duty commercial vehicle co., ltd. (faw-gm), as a result of a strategic decision by both shareholders, allowing us to focus our resources on opportunities expected to deliver higher returns.
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
(c)    in the year ended december 31, 2021, the adjustments consist of tax benefits related to a deduction for an investment in a subsidiary and resolution of uncertainty relating to an indirect tax refund claim in brazil, partially offset by tax expense related to the establishment of a valuation allowance against cruise deferred tax assets. in the year ended december 31, 2020, the adjustment consists of tax expense related to the establishment of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets in australia and new zealand. these adjustments were excluded because of the unique nature of these events and significant impacts of valuation allowances are not considered part of our core operations.
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for these adjustments is included in the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2019. the tax effect of each adjustment is determined based on the tax laws and valuation allowance status of the jurisdiction to which the adjustment relates.
(b)    refer to the reconciliation of diluted earnings per common share under u.s. gaap to eps-diluted-adjusted within this section of the md&a for adjustment details.
we define return on equity (roe) as net income (loss) attributable to stockholders for the trailing four quarters divided by average equity for the same period. management uses average equity to provide comparable amounts in the calculation of roe. the following table summarizes the calculation of roe (dollars in billions):
average equity(a)                                       $56.5                     $43.3                     $43.7
(a)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in net income (loss) attributable to stockholders.
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                                           $14.3                        $9.7                        $8.4
average equity(b)                                                                          $56.5                       $43.3                       $43.7
add: average automotive debt and interest liabilities (excluding finance leases)            17.1                        27.8                        14.9
add: average automotive net pension &amp; opeb liability                                    15.8                        17.6                        16.7
(a)    refer to the reconciliation of net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to ebit-adjusted within this section of the md&a.
(b)    includes equity of noncontrolling interests where the corresponding earnings (loss) are included in ebit-adjusted.
overview our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused strategy to invest in evs and avs, software-enabled services and subscriptions and new business opportunities, while strengthening our market position in profitable ice vehicles, such as trucks and suvs. we will execute our strategy with a diverse team and a steadfast commitment to good citizenship through sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture.
the automotive industry and gm are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage. the supply shortage has impacted, and continues to impact, multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply to us. we expect the availability of semiconductors to improve throughout 2022. we will continue prioritizing our most popular and in-demand vehicles, including our full-size trucks, full-size suvs, and evs. we do not expect this shortage to impact our long-term growth and ev initiatives. in june 2021, we announced plans to increase our investment in evs and avs to more than $35.0 billion from 2020 through 2025, in part to accelerate battery and ev assembly capacity.
we also continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread, and the potential to affect our operations. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for further discussion of these risks.
for the year ending december 31, 2022, we expect eps-diluted and eps-diluted-adjusted of between $6.25 and $7.25, net income attributable to stockholders of between $9.4 billion and $10.8 billion and ebit-adjusted of between $13.0 billion and $15.0 billion. we do not consider the potential impact of future adjustments on our expected financial results.
the following table reconciles expected net income attributable to stockholders under u.s. gaap to expected ebit-adjusted (dollars in billions):
ebit-adjusted(a)                                                      $ 13.0-15.0
we also face continuing market, operating and regulatory challenges in several countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, limitations in our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, rising material and services prices driven by inflationary pressures, evolving trade policy and political uncertainty. refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of these challenges.
general motors company and subsidiaries as we continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. these actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results.
gmna industry sales in north america were 18.5 million units in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing an increase of 4.3% compared to the corresponding period in 2020. u.s. industry sales were 15.4 million units in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing an increase of 3.3% compared to the corresponding period in 2020. the covid-19 pandemic originally resulted in a contraction of total north america industry volumes in 2020 that continued into 2021. dealer inventory remains constrained for several critical vehicles, including our full-size trucks and full-size suvs.
our total vehicle sales in the u.s., our largest market in north america, were 2.2 million units for a market share of 14.4% in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 2.7 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2020.
we expect to sustain relatively strong ebit-adjusted margins in 2022 on the continued strength of favorable vehicle pricing and strong u.s. industry light vehicle demand, partially offset by higher costs associated with commodities, raw materials and logistics. our outlook is dependent on the pricing environment, continuing improvement of the semiconductor supply shortage and overall economic conditions. as a result of the semiconductor supply shortage, we experienced interruptions to our planned production schedules and temporarily suspended certain manufacturing sites to prioritize production of our most popular and in-demand products, including our full-size trucks and full-size suvs. additionally, we have been manufacturing vehicles, without the impacted components, representing an inventory carrying value of approximately $0.6 billion at december 31, 2021. we expect to hold these vehicles in our inventory until they are completed and sold to our dealers, which we expect to happen in the six months ending june 30, 2022.
gmi industry sales in china were 25.9 million units in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing an increase of 3.8% compared to the corresponding period in 2020, which was adversely impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. our total vehicle sales in china were 2.9 million units resulting in a market share of 11.2% in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 0.5 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2020. the ongoing global semiconductor supply shortage, macro-economic impact of covid-19 and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on china's automotive industry and our vehicle sales in china. our automotive china jvs generated equity income of $1.1 billion in the year ended december 31, 2021. although price competition, higher costs associated with commodities and raw materials, and a more challenging regulatory environment related to emissions, fuel consumption and nev requirements will place pressure on our operations in china, we will continue to build upon our strong brands, network, and partnerships in china as well as drive improvements in vehicle mix and cost.
outside of china, industry sales were 23.0 million units in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing an increase of 8.2% compared to the corresponding period in 2020. our total vehicle sales outside of china were 0.8 million units for a market share of 3.6% in the year ended december 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage points compared to the corresponding period in 2020.
cruise  cruise is actively testing avs in the united states. gated by safety and regulation, the goal of cruise is to deliver its self-driving services as soon as possible.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, cruise holdings issued class g preferred shares (cruise class g preferred shares) in exchange for $2.7 billion from microsoft corporation (microsoft), walmart inc. (walmart) and other investors, including $1.0 billion from general motors holdings llc. all proceeds related to the cruise class g preferred shares are designated exclusively for working capital and general corporate purposes of cruise holdings. in addition, cruise holdings and microsoft entered into a long-term strategic relationship to accelerate the commercialization of self-driving vehicles. refer to note 20 to our consolidated financial statements for further details.
automotive financing - gm financial summary and outlook we believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental gm financial earnings and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. gm financial's leasing program is exposed to residual values, which are heavily dependent on used vehicle prices. used vehicle prices were higher in 2021 compared to 2020 levels, primarily due to low new vehicle inventory. in 2022, we expect used vehicle prices may decrease relative to 2021 levels, but to remain above pre-pandemic levels, primarily due to sustained low new vehicle inventory. the increase in used vehicle prices resulted in gains on terminations of leased vehicles of $2.0 billion in gm financial interest, operating and other expenses for the year ended general motors company and subsidiaries december 31, 2021, and $1.3 billion in the corresponding period in 2020. the following table summarizes the estimated residual value based on gm financial's most recent estimates and the number of units included in gm financial equipment on operating leases, net by vehicle type (units in thousands):
residual value                     units                    percentage       residual value                     units                    percentage crossovers            $16,696                          897                        67.3     %       $16,334                          964                        65.5     %
consolidated results we review changes in our results of operations under five categories: volume, mix, price, cost and other. volume measures the impact of changes in wholesale vehicle volumes driven by industry volume, market share and changes in dealer stock levels. mix measures the impact of changes to the regional portfolio due to product, model, trim, country and option penetration in current year wholesale vehicle volumes. price measures the impact of changes related to manufacturer's suggested retail price and various sales allowances. cost primarily includes: (1) material and freight; (2) manufacturing, engineering, advertising, administrative and selling and warranty expense; and (3) non-vehicle related activity. other primarily includes foreign exchange and non-vehicle related automotive revenues as well as equity income or loss from our nonconsolidated affiliates. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information.
refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume, mix and price.
factors that most significantly influence a region's profitability are industry volume, market share, and the relative mix of vehicles (trucks, crossovers, cars) sold. variable profit is a key indicator of product profitability. variable profit is defined as revenue less material cost, freight, the variable component of manufacturing expense and warranty and recall-related costs. vehicles with higher selling prices generally have higher variable profit. refer to the regional sections of this md&a for additional information on volume and mix.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, unfavorable cost was primarily due to: (1) increased material and freight costs of $4.0 billion; (2) increased engineering costs of $2.0 billion primarily related to accelerating our electric vehicle portfolio and the non-recurrence of austerity measures implemented in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic; (3) increased manufacturing costs of $1.4 billion primarily related to the suspension of production and the non-recurrence of austerity measures implemented in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic; (4) increased costs of $1.1 billion primarily related to parts and accessories; (5) increased other employee related costs of $0.7 billion; (6) charges of $0.3 billion related to potential royalties accrued with respect to past sales; partially offset by (7) charges of $0.7 billion primarily related to dealer restructuring charges, property and intangible asset impairments, inventory provisions and employee separation charges in australia, new zealand, thailand and india in 2020; and (8) a decrease in campaign and other warranty-related costs of $0.2 billion, which includes chevrolet bolt recall costs of $2.0 billion and associated recoveries of $1.9 billion. in the year ended december 31, 2021, unfavorable other was due to the foreign currency effect resulting from the strengthening of the canadian dollar and other currencies against the u.s. dollar, partially offset by the weakening of the brazilian real and other currencies against the u.s. dollar.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, automotive and other selling, general and administrative expense increased primarily due to increased advertising, administrative and other costs of $1.2 billion primarily related to the suspension of production and the non-recurrence of austerity measures implemented in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, income tax expense increased primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income, partially offset by tax benefit related to a deduction for an investment in a subsidiary.
refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to income tax expense.
ebit-adjusted                           $10,318                          $9,071                                 $1,247                            13.7   %                  $(4.5)                     $6.2                     $6.2                     $(7.1)                     $0.5
ebit-adjusted margin                       10.2    %   9.4                         %   0.8                                      %
gmna total net sales and revenue in the year ended december 31, 2021, total net sales and revenue increased primarily due to: (1) favorable mix associated with decreased sales of crossover vehicles and passenger cars and increased sales of full-size suvs and full-size pickup trucks, as a result of prioritizing semiconductor chips for our most popular and in-demand vehicles; (2) favorable price primarily due to lower incentives as a result of low dealer inventory levels and the launch of our full-size suvs; and (3) favorable other due to increased sales of parts and accessories and the foreign currency effect resulting from the strengthening of the canadian dollar and the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar; partially offset by (4) decreased net wholesale volumes due to a decrease in sales of crossover vehicles and passenger cars, partially offset by increased sales of full-size suvs and full-size pickup trucks. the impact on production in 2021 due to the ongoing semiconductor supply shortage exceeded the impact of production suspensions in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic.
gmna ebit-adjusted the most significant factors that influence profitability are industry volume and market share. while not as significant as industry volume and market share, another factor affecting profitability is the relative mix of vehicles sold. trucks, crossovers and cars sold currently have a variable profit of approximately 140%, 40% and 40% of our gmna portfolio on a weighted-average basis.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, ebit-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) favorable mix; (2) favorable price; and (3) favorable other due to the foreign currency effect resulting from the strengthening of the canadian dollar against the u.s. dollar and favorable revaluation of investments; partially offset by (4) unfavorable cost due to increased material and freight general motors company and subsidiaries cost of $3.6 billion, increased engineering cost of $1.6 billion including the impact of accelerating our electric vehicle portfolio, increased manufacturing and advertising costs of $1.9 billion primarily related to the suspension of production and the non-recurrence of austerity measures implemented in 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic, and increased other employee related costs, partially offset by increased non-service pension income and a decrease in campaigns and other warranty-related costs, and (5) decreased net wholesale volumes.
ebit (loss)-adjusted                                       $827                            $(528)                                 $1,355                                n.m.                  $(0.3)                     $0.7                     $0.8                     $(0.4)                     $0.5
ebit (loss)-adjusted margin                                 6.8    %                        (4.6)    %                              11.4          %
equity income - automotive china                         $1,098                              $512                                   $586                                n.m.
ebit (loss)-adjusted - excluding equity income           $(271)                          $(1,040)                                   $769                            73.9   %
n.m. = not meaningful the vehicle sales of our automotive china jvs are not recorded in total net sales and revenue. the results of our joint ventures are recorded in equity income, which is included in ebit (loss)-adjusted above.
gmi ebit (loss)-adjusted  in the year ended december 31, 2021, ebit-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) favorable price; (2) favorable mix; and (3) favorable other primarily due to increased equity income; partially offset by (4) unfavorable cost primarily due to increased material costs; and (5) decreased wholesale volumes.
we view the chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy. in the coming years we plan to leverage our global architectures to increase the number of product offerings under the buick, chevrolet and cadillac brands in china and continue to grow our business under the local baojun and wuling brands. we operate in the chinese market through a number of joint ventures and maintaining strong relationships with our joint venture partners is an important part of our china growth strategy.
ebit (loss)-adjusted                   $(1,196)                      $(887)                      $(1,004)          $(309)                                             (34.8)    %
cruise ebit (loss)-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2021, ebit (loss)-adjusted increased primarily due to an increase in developmental costs as we progress towards the commercialization of a network of on-demand avs in the u.s.
gm financial ebt-adjusted in the year ended december 31, 2021, ebt-adjusted increased primarily due to: (1) increased leased vehicle income net of leased vehicle expenses of $1.2 billion primarily due to decreased depreciation on leased vehicles resulting from increased residual value estimates and a decrease in the size of the portfolio, as well as increased lease termination gains; (2) decreased provision for loan losses of $0.6 billion primarily due to a reduction in the reserve levels established at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic as a result of actual credit performance that was better than forecasted and favorable expectations for future charge-offs and recoveries, reflecting improved economic conditions, partially offset by reserves established for loans originated during the year ended december 31, 2021; (3) decreased interest expense of $0.5 billion due to decreased credit spreads on gm financial debt, partially offset by an increase in the average debt outstanding; partially offset by (4) increased operating expenses of $0.2 billion in 2021. gm financial interest, operating and other expenses includes a $0.1 billion loss on extinguishment of debt.
liquidity and capital resources we believe our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities and other liquidity actions currently available to us are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements. we also maintain access to the capital markets and may issue debt or equity securities, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. we have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary.
(b)gm financial interest payments were determined using the interest rate in effect at december 31, 2021 for floating rate debt and the contractual rates for fixed rate debt. gm financial interest payments on floating rate tranches of the securitization notes payable were converted to a fixed rate based on the floating rate plus any expected hedge payments.
our known current material uses of cash include, among other possible demands: (1) capital spending and our investments in ultium cells llc, our battery joint venture, of approximately $9.0 billion to $10.0 billion annually over the medium term in addition to payments for engineering and product development activities; (2) payments associated with previously announced vehicle recalls and any other recall-related contingencies; and (3) payments to service debt and other long-term obligations, including discretionary and mandatory contributions to our pension plans. our material future uses of cash, which may vary from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, are focused on the three objectives of our capital allocation program: (1) grow our business at an average target roic-adjusted rate of 20% or greater; (2) maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet, including a target average automotive cash balance of $18 billion; and (3) after the first two objectives are met, return available cash to shareholders. our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends any modifications to the program to our board of directors, not less than once annually.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this md&a and part i, item 1a. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control.
we continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. these actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions and investments with joint venture partners as well as strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business.
in january 2017, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the purchase of up to $5.0 billion of our common stock with no expiration date, as part of our common stock repurchase program. we have completed $1.7 billion of the $5.0 billion program through december 31, 2021.
cash flows that occur amongst our automotive, cruise and gm financial operations are eliminated when we consolidate our cash flows. such eliminations include, among other things, collections by automotive on wholesale accounts receivables financed by dealers through gm financial, payments between automotive and gm financial for accounts receivables transferred by automotive to gm financial, loans to automotive from gm financial, dividends issued by gm financial to automotive, tax payments by gm financial to automotive and automotive cash injections in cruise. the presentation of automotive liquidity, cruise liquidity and gm financial liquidity presented below includes the impact of cash transactions amongst the sectors that are ultimately eliminated in consolidation.
automotive liquidity total available liquidity includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable debt securities and funds available under credit facilities. the amount of available liquidity is subject to seasonal fluctuations and includes balances held by various business units and subsidiaries worldwide that are needed to fund their operations.
general motors company and subsidiaries we manage our liquidity primarily at our treasury centers as well as at certain of our significant consolidated overseas subsidiaries. over 90% of our cash and marketable debt securities were managed within north america and at our regional treasury centers at december 31, 2021. we have used and will continue to use other methods including intercompany loans to utilize these funds across our global operations as needed.
our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities balances are primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and include investments in u.s. government and agency obligations, foreign government securities, time deposits, corporate debt securities and mortgage and asset-backed securities. our investment guidelines, which we may change from time to time, prescribe certain minimum credit worthiness thresholds and limit our exposures to any particular sector, asset class, issuance or security type. the majority of our current investments in debt securities are with a/a2 or better rated issuers.
we use credit facilities as a mechanism to provide additional flexibility in managing our global liquidity. at december 31, 2020, the total size of our credit facilities was $18.5 billion, which consisted principally of four revolving credit facilities. in april 2021, we increased the total borrowing capacity of our five-year, $10.5 billion facility to $11.2 billion and extended the termination date for a $9.9 billion portion of the five-year facility by three years, now set to mature on april 18, 2026. the termination date of april 18, 2023 for the remaining portion of the five-year facility remains unchanged. we also renewed and increased the total borrowing capacity of our three-year, $4.0 billion facility to $4.3 billion, which now matures on april 7, 2024, and renewed our 364-day, $2.0 billion facility allocated for exclusive use by gm financial, which now matures on april 6, 2022. we also terminated a separate 364-day, $2.0 billion revolving credit facility, entered into in may 2020. additionally, the prior restrictions on share repurchases and dividends on our common shares were removed upon entrance into the renewed three-year, $4.3 billion facility. in december 2021, we terminated our three-year, $2.0 billion transformation credit facility. at december 31, 2021, the total size of our credit facilities was $15.5 billion, which consisted primarily of two credit facilities.
if available capacity permits, gm financial has access to our revolving credit facilities. gm financial did not have borrowings outstanding against our revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2021 or 2020. refer to note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on credit facilities. we had intercompany loans from gm financial of $0.2 billion and $0.4 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, which primarily consisted of commercial loans to dealers we consolidate, and we had no intercompany loans to gm financial. refer to note 5 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
several of our loan facilities, including our revolving credit facilities, require compliance with certain financial and operational covenants as well as regular reporting to lenders. we have reviewed our covenants in effect as of december 31, 2021 and determined we are in compliance and expect to remain in compliance in the future.
gm financial's board of directors declared and paid dividends of $3.5 billion, $0.8 billion, and $0.4 billion on its common stock in 2021, 2020, and 2019. current dividend levels are reflective of gm financial earnings supported by strong residual values, favorable credit performance and improved economic conditions. future dividends from gm financial will depend on several factors including business and economic conditions, its financial condition, earnings, liquidity requirements and leverage ratio.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table summarizes our automotive available liquidity (dollars in billions):
marketable debt securities                                                        7.1                              8.1
automotive cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities                 21.6                             22.3
available under credit facilities(a)                                             15.2                             18.2
total automotive available liquidity                                            $36.8                            $40.5
(a)we had letters of credit outstanding under our sub-facility of $0.3 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
the following table summarizes the changes in our automotive available liquidity (dollars in billions):
capital expenditures                                                  (7.4)
decrease in available credit facilities                               (3.0)
total change in automotive available liquidity                       $(3.7)
operating activities net income                                                     $7.8                      $5.0                      $5.8                           $2.8
pension and opeb activities                                   (2.4)                     (1.6)                     (1.5)                          (0.8)
working capital                                               (4.0)                     (1.7)                     (2.2)                          (2.3)
accrued and other liabilities and income taxes                  0.9                     (1.4)                     (1.5)                            2.3
net automotive cash provided by operating activities           $9.7                      $7.5                      $7.4                           $2.2
in the year ended december 31, 2021, the increase in net automotive cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to: (1) higher dividends received from gm financial of $2.7 billion; (2) favorable pre-tax earnings of $2.6 billion; partially offset by (3) unfavorable working capital; and (4) several other insignificant items.
investing activities capital expenditures                                                    $(7.4)                      $(5.3)                      $(7.5)                         $(2.1)
acquisitions and liquidations of marketable securities, net(a)             1.0                       (3.6)                         2.4       4.6
net automotive cash used in investing activities                        $(8.2)                      $(8.8)                      $(5.6)                           $0.6
in the year ended december 31, 2021, cash provided by acquisitions and liquidations of marketable securities, net increased due to liquidations of securities to fund operating activities and investments, compared to net acquisitions of securities from revolver proceeds during the year ended december 31, 2020.
financing activities net proceeds (payments) from short-term debt                         $(0.5)                         $(0.5)                   $0.5                                  $-
net automotive cash provided by (used in) financing activities       $(0.9)                           $2.1                   $(2.1)                            $(3.0)
adjusted automotive free cash flow we measure adjusted automotive free cash flow as automotive operating cash flow from operations less capital expenditures adjusted for management actions. for the year ended december 31, 2021, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $9.7 billion, capital expenditures were $7.4 billion and adjustments for management actions were $0.3 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2020, net automotive cash provided by operating activities under u.s. gaap was $7.5 billion, capital expenditures were $5.3 billion and adjustments for management actions were $0.3 billion.
status of credit ratings we receive ratings from four independent credit rating agencies: dbrs limited (dbrs), fitch ratings (fitch), moody's investor service (moody's) and standard & poor's (s&p). all four credit rating agencies currently rate our corporate credit at investment grade. the following table summarizes our credit ratings at january 18, 2022:
corporate               revolving credit facilities         senior unsecured        outlook dbrs           bbb                     bbb                                 n/a                     positive fitch          bbb-                    bbb-                                bbb-                    stable moody's        investment grade        baa2                                baa3                    stable s&amp;p        bbb                     bbb                                 bbb                     stable cruise liquidity cruise holdings issued cruise class g preferred shares in exchange for $2.7 billion from microsoft, walmart and other investors, including $1.0 billion from general motors holdings llc. refer to note 20 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. in january 2022, cruise holdings met the requirements for commercial deployment under its agreements with softbank vision fund (aiv m2), l.p. (softbank), which triggered softbank's obligation to purchase additional cruise convertible preferred shares for $1.35 billion. we expect softbank to complete the purchase of the majority of such additional preferred shares in the first quarter of 2022 and any balance by the end of 2022. cruise will need one additional permit from the cpuc, which it has applied for, to commercially deploy such vehicles with paying passengers in california.
general motors company and subsidiaries the following table summarizes cruise's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
cruise marketable securities                           1.5           0.9
total cruise available liquidity (a)                  $3.1                             $1.7
(a)excludes a multi-year credit agreement between cruise and gm financial whereby cruise can request to borrow, over time, up to an aggregate of $5.2 billion, through 2024, to fund exclusively the purchase of avs from gm.
the following table summarizes the changes in cruise's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
total change in cruise available liquidity                          $1.4
net cash used in operating activities           $(1.2)                      $(0.8)                      $(0.8)          $(0.4)
net cash used in investing activities           $(0.7)                      $(0.7)                      $(0.3)          $-
net cash provided by financing activities       $2.6                        $-                          $1.1            $2.6
automotive financing - gm financial liquidity gm financial's primary sources of cash are finance charge income, leasing income and proceeds from the sale of terminated leased vehicles, net distributions from credit facilities, securitizations, secured and unsecured borrowings and collections and recoveries on finance receivables. gm financial's primary uses of cash are purchases and funding of finance receivables and leased vehicles, repayment or repurchases of secured and unsecured debt, funding credit enhancement requirements in connection with securitizations and secured credit facilities, interest costs, operating expenses, income taxes and dividend payments. gm financial continues to monitor and evaluate opportunities to optimize its liquidity position and the mix of its debt between secured and unsecured debt. the following table summarizes gm financial's available liquidity (dollars in billions):
borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets                                           19.2                             19.0
borrowing capacity on committed unsecured lines of credit                                  0.5                              0.5
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility, exclusive to gm financial                 2.0                              2.0
total gm financial available liquidity                                                   $25.7                            $26.6
in the year ended december 31, 2021, gm financial's available liquidity decreased primarily due to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by increased available borrowing capacity on unpledged eligible assets, resulting from the issuance of securitization transactions and unsecured debt. gm financial structures liquidity to support at least six months of gm financial's expected net cash flows, including new originations, without access to new debt financing transactions or other capital markets activity.
gm financial has access to $15.5 billion of our revolving credit facilities with exclusive access to the 364-day, $2.0 billion facility. refer to the "automotive liquidity" section of this md&a for additional details. we have a support agreement with gm financial which, among other things, establishes commitments of funding from us to gm financial. this agreement also provides that we will continue to own all of gm financial's outstanding voting shares so long as any unsecured debt securities general motors company and subsidiaries remain outstanding at gm financial. in addition, we are required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to ensure gm financial remains a subsidiary borrower under our corporate revolving credit facilities.
credit facilities in the normal course of business, in addition to using its available cash, gm financial utilizes borrowings under its credit facilities, which may be secured or unsecured, and gm financial repays these borrowings as appropriate under its cash management strategy. at december 31, 2021, secured, committed unsecured and uncommitted unsecured credit facilities totaled $26.2 billion, $0.5 billion and $1.2 billion with advances outstanding of $3.5 billion, an insignificant amount and $1.2 billion.
net cash provided by operating activities                   $7.3                             $8.0                   $8.1            $(0.7)
net cash used in investing activities                       $(5.5)                         $(9.3)                   $(5.0)          $3.8
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities         $(2.6)                           $2.4                   $(3.5)          $(5.0)
in the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to: (1) a decrease in counterparty derivative collateral posting activities of $0.6 billion; and (2) a decrease in leased vehicle income of $0.5 billion; partially offset by (3) a decrease in interest paid of $0.4 billion.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to: (1) an increase in collections and recoveries on finance receivables of $4.9 billion; (2) an increase in proceeds from termination of leased vehicles of $1.0 billion; and (3) an increase in purchases of leased vehicles of $0.6 billion; partially offset by (4) an increase in purchases of retail finance receivables of $2.8 billion.
in the year ended december 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities increased primarily due to: (1) a decrease in borrowings of $9.6 billion; (2) an increase in dividend payments of $2.7 billion; and (3) a decrease in preferred stock issuance of $0.5 billion; partially offset by (4) a decrease in debt repayments of $7.8 billion.
libor transition as discussed in part i, item 1a. risk factors, banks will no longer be persuaded or compelled to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. gm financial established a libor transition initiative in 2019 to evaluate the potential impacts of the transition, and continues to implement strategies to mitigate the risks associated with the libor discontinuation such as including fallback language into any new libor based contracts. gm financial has only a limited amount of debt outstanding that is scheduled to mature after june 30, 2023 and would utilize the alternative reference rates committee fallback process. furthermore, gm financial has adhered to the international swaps and derivatives association's fallbacks protocol and plans to transition its existing libor-based derivative exposure in advance of the june 30, 2023 date when applicable libor will no longer be published. for any residual exposure after the end of 2021, gm financial expects to leverage relevant contractual and statutory solutions to transition such exposure.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, which requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses in the periods presented. we believe the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in developing estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for our significant accounting policies related to our critical accounting estimates.
product warranty and recall campaigns the estimates related to product warranties are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost of claims of each vehicle line or each model year of the vehicle line and assumptions about future activity and events. when little or no claims experience exists for a model year or a vehicle line, the estimate is based on comparable models.
general motors company and subsidiaries the estimates related to recall campaigns accrued at the time of vehicle sale are established by applying a paid loss approach that considers the number of historical recall campaigns and the estimated cost for each recall campaign. these estimates consider the nature, frequency and magnitude of historical recall campaigns, and use key assumptions including the number of historical periods and the weighting of historical data in the reserve studies. costs associated with recall campaigns not accrued at the time of vehicle sale are estimated based on the estimated cost of repairs and the estimated vehicles to be repaired. depending on part availability and time to complete repairs we may, from time to time, offer courtesy transportation at no cost to our customers. these estimates are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis and based on the best available information. revisions are made when necessary based on changes in these factors.
the estimated amount accrued for recall campaigns at the time of vehicle sale is most sensitive to the estimated number of recall events, the number of vehicles per recall event, the assumed number of vehicles that will be brought in by customers for repair (take rate) and the cost per vehicle for each recall event. the estimated cost of a recall campaign that is accrued on an individual basis is most sensitive to our estimated assumed take rate that is primarily developed based on our historical take rate experience. a 10% increase in the estimated take rate for all recall campaigns would increase the estimated cost by approximately $0.6 billion.
actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods. due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors contributing to developing estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations.
sales incentives the estimated effect of sales incentives offered to dealers and end customers is recorded as a reduction of automotive net sales and revenue at the time of sale. there may be numerous types of incentives available at any particular time. incentive programs are generally specific to brand, model or sales region and are for specified time periods, which may be extended. significant factors used in estimating the cost of incentives include type of program, forecasted sales volume, product mix, and the rate of customer acceptance of incentive programs, all of which are estimated based on historical experience and assumptions concerning future customer behavior and market conditions. a change in any of these factors affecting the estimate could have a significant effect on recorded sales incentives. a 10% increase in the cost of incentives would increase the sales incentive liability by an insignificant amount. subsequent adjustments to incentive estimates are possible as facts and circumstances change over time, which could affect the revenue previously recognized in automotive net sales and revenue.
gm financial allowance for loan losses  the gm financial retail finance receivables portfolio consists of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans that are carried at amortized cost, net of allowance for loan losses. the allowance for loan losses on retail finance receivables reflects net credit losses expected to be incurred over the remaining life of the retail finance receivables, which have a weighted average remaining life of approximately two years. gm financial forecasts net credit losses based on relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecast economic performance. gm financial believes that the allowance is adequate to cover expected credit losses on the retail finance receivables; however, because the allowance for loan losses is based on estimates, there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that our credit loss assumptions will not increase.
gm financial incorporates its outlook on forecast charge-off recovery rates and overall economic performance in its allowance estimate. due to the high used vehicle prices in 2021, gm financial increased its recovery rate forecast as of december 31, 2021. each 5% relative decrease/increase in the forecast recovery rates would increase/decrease the allowance for loan losses by approximately $0.1 billion.
the gm financial commercial finance receivables portfolio consists of floorplan financing as well as dealer loans, which are loans to finance improvements to dealership facilities, to provide working capital, or to purchase and/or finance dealership real estate. the allowance for loan losses on commercial finance receivables is based on historical loss experience for the consolidated portfolio, in addition to forecasted industry vehicle sales. there can be no assurance that the ultimate charge-off amount will not exceed such estimates or that gm financial's credit loss assumptions will not increase.
general motors company and subsidiaries valuation of gm financial equipment on operating lease assets and residuals gm financial has investments in leased vehicles recorded as operating leases. each leased asset in the portfolio represents a vehicle that gm financial owns and has leased to a customer. at lease inception, an estimate is made of the expected residual value for the vehicle at the end of the lease term, which typically ranges from two to five years. gm financial estimates the expected residual value based on third-party data that considers various data points and assumptions, including, but not limited to, recent auction values, the expected future volume of returning leased vehicles, significant liquidation of rental or fleet inventory, used vehicle prices, manufacturer incentive programs and fuel prices. realization of the residual values is dependent on the future ability to market the vehicles under prevailing market conditions.
at december 31, 2021, the estimated residual value of gm financial's leased vehicles was $29.1 billion. depreciation reduces the carrying value of each leased asset in gm financial's operating lease portfolio over time from its original acquisition value to its expected residual value at the end of the lease term. in 2021, prices on leased vehicles at termination generally exceeded their contractual residual values due to high used vehicle prices. accordingly, gm financial increased the residual value estimates at december 31, 2021, which will result in a prospective decrease in the depreciation rate over the remaining term of the leased vehicles portfolio. if used vehicle prices weaken compared to estimates, gm financial would increase depreciation expense and/or record an impairment charge on the lease portfolio. if an impairment exists, gm financial would determine any shortfall in recoverability of the leased vehicle asset groups by year, make and model. recoverability is calculated as the excess of: (1) the sum of remaining lease payments plus estimated residual value; over (2) leased vehicles, net less deferred revenue. alternatively, if used vehicle prices outperform gm financial's latest estimates, it may record gains on sales of off-lease vehicles and/or decreased depreciation expense.
changes to residual values are rarely simultaneous across all maturities and segments, and also may impact return rates. if a decrease in residual values is concentrated among specific asset groups, the decrease could result in an immediate impairment charge. gm financial reviewed the leased vehicle portfolio for indicators of impairment and determined that no impairment indicators were present at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
pension and opeb plans our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, a discount rate, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. our pension obligations include korean statutory pension payments that are valued on a walk away basis. the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets that is utilized in determining pension expense is derived from periodic studies, which include a review of asset allocation strategies, anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes, risks using standard deviations and correlations of returns among the asset classes that comprise the plans' asset mix. while the studies give appropriate consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns, the assumptions are primarily long-term, prospective rates of return.
general motors company and subsidiaries in december 2021, an investment policy study was completed for the u.s. pension plans. as a result of changes to our capital market assumptions, the weighted-average long-term rate of return on assets decreased from 5.6% at december 31, 2020 to 5.4% at december 31, 2021. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining pension expense for non-u.s. plans is determined in a similar manner to the u.s. plans.
another key assumption in determining net pension and opeb expense is the assumed discount rate used to discount plan obligations. we estimate the assumed discount rate for u.s. plans using a cash flow matching approach, which uses projected cash flows matched to spot rates along a high quality corporate bond yield curve to determine the weighted-average discount rate for the calculation of the present value of cash flows. we apply the individual annual yield curve rates instead of the assumed discount rate to determine the service cost and interest cost, which more specifically links the cash flows related to service cost and interest cost to bonds maturing in their year of payment.
the society of actuaries (soa) issued mortality improvement tables in the three months ended december 31, 2021. we reviewed our recent mortality experience and we determined our current mortality assumptions are appropriate to measure our u.s. pension and opeb plans obligations as of december 31, 2021.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for the pension plans, holding all other assumptions constant:
(a)the sensitivity does not include the effects of the individual annual yield curve rates applied for the calculation of the service and interest cost.
refer to note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on pension contributions, investment strategies, assumptions, the change in benefit obligations and related plan assets, pension funding requirements and future net benefit payments. refer to note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the inputs used to determine fair value for each significant asset class or category.
valuation of deferred tax assets  the ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. the assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. our accounting for the valuation of deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. changes in our current estimates, due to unanticipated market conditions, governmental legislative actions or events, could have a material effect on our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. refer to note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the composition of valuation allowances.
general motors company and subsidiaries forward-looking statements  this report and the other reports filed by us with the sec from time to time, as well as statements incorporated by reference herein and related comments by our management, may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact. forward-looking statements represent our current judgment about possible future events and are often identified by words like "aim," "anticipate," "appears," "approximately," "believe," "continue," "could," "designed," "effect," "estimate," "evaluate," "expect," "forecast," "goal," "initiative," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "potential," "priorities," "project," "pursue," "seek," "should," "target," "when," "will," "would," or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions. in making these statements, we rely on assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the circumstances. we believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports we file with the sec, include, among others, the following: (1) our ability to deliver new products, services, technologies and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer preferences in the automotive industry; (2) our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers; (3) our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles that will help drive consumer adoption; (4) the success of our current line of full-size suvs and full-size pickup trucks; (5) our highly competitive industry, which has been historically characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the use of incentives, and the introduction of new and improved vehicle models by our competitors; (6) the unique technological, operational, regulatory and competitive risks related to the timing and commercialization of autonomous vehicles; (7) risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, our transition to electric vehicles and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events; (8) global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile; (9) prices and uncertain availability of raw materials and commodities used by us and our suppliers, and instability in logistics and related costs; (10) our business in china, which is subject to unique operational, competitive, regulatory and economic risks; (11) the success of our ongoing strategic business relationships and of our joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control; (12) the international scale and footprint of our operations, which exposes us to a variety of unique political, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, including the risk of changes in government leadership and laws (including labor, trade, tax and other laws), political uncertainty or instability and economic tensions between governments and changes in international trade policies, new barriers to entry and changes to or withdrawals from free trade agreements, changes in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, economic downturns in the countries in which we operate, differing local product preferences and product requirements, changes to and compliance with u.s. and foreign countries' export controls and economic sanctions, differing labor regulations, requirements and union relationships, differing dealer and franchise regulations and relationships, difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries, and public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as the covid-19 pandemic; (13) any significant disruption, including any work stoppages, at any of our manufacturing facilities; (14) the ability of our suppliers to deliver parts, systems and components without disruption and at such times to allow us to meet production schedules; (15) the ongoing covid-19 pandemic; (16) the success of any restructurings or other cost reduction actions; (17) the possibility that competitors may independently develop products and services similar to ours, or that our intellectual property rights are not sufficient to prevent competitors from developing or selling those products or services; (18) our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles and in-vehicle systems; (19) our ability to comply with increasingly complex, restrictive and punitive regulations relating to our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing and security of the personal identifiable information of our customers, employees, or suppliers; (20) our ability to comply with extensive laws, regulations and policies applicable to our operations and products, including those relating to fuel economy, emissions and autonomous vehicles; (21) costs and risks associated with litigation and government investigations; (22) the costs and effect on our reputation of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services; (23) any additional tax expense or exposure; (24) our continued ability to develop captive financing capability through gm financial; and (25) any significant increase in our pension funding requirements. for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, refer to part i, item 1a. risk factors.