item 1a. risk factors if any of the events discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially, adversely affected. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. the covid-19 pandemic amplifies and exacerbates many of the risks we face in our business operations, including those discussed below. our business is subject to the following material risks and uncertainties.
the covid-19 pandemic is significantly affecting our operations and could affect our business and financial condition. our liquidity could also be negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, particularly if the u.s. economy remains unstable for a significant amount of time.
hhs first declared a phe due to the covid-19 pandemic in january 2020 and has since then continuously renewed this declaration. on march 11, 2020, the world health organization designated covid-19 as a global pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic continues to significantly affect our employees, patients, hospitals, communities and business operations, as well as the u.s. economy and financial markets. although certain economic conditions improved throughout 2021, the pandemic continues to evolve. for example, the spread of differing variants of covid-19 led to the reintroduction of certain public health controls during the second half of 2021. the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. we are unable to predict the severity or duration of the pandemic, including whether there will be additional periods of increases in the number of covid-19 cases in areas in which we operate, the availability, utilization and effectiveness of medical treatments and vaccines (including booster shots), the efficacy of public health controls, or the impact of any mutations of the virus. florida and texas, our two largest markets, have been and may in the future be "hot spots" of the covid-19 pandemic. we are particularly sensitive to the increase in covid-19 cases in texas and florida, where the pandemic could have a disproportionate effect on our business.
we have been working with federal, state and local health authorities to respond to covid-19 cases in the markets we serve and continue to take and support measures to try to limit the spread of the virus and to mitigate the burden on the health care system. for example, we are subject to covid-19 data reporting requirements, and some states are requiring hospitals to maintain a reserve of ppe and mandating covid-19 screening for new patients and certain hospital staff. cms has made covid-19 data reporting requirements a medicare condition of participation for hospitals, such that noncompliance with these requirements could result in termination from the medicare program. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs related to protecting the health and well-being and meeting the needs of our patients, employees, medical staff members and contractors, including pandemic pay programs, hoteling our staff and additional scrub laundering. we expect to continue to incur additional costs, which may be significant, as we continue to implement operational changes in response to this pandemic. further, our management is focused on mitigating the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of time and resources across our enterprise, and which may affect management focus and impact our ability to properly prioritize and successfully execute on the company's other strategic initiatives.
as a front line provider of health care services, we have been and will continue to be impacted by the health and economic effects of covid-19. although we have implemented considerable safety measures, treatment of covid-19 patients has associated risks to our employees, patients and physicians. these risks, and how clinical staff perceive and respond to them, may adversely affect our operating capacity. despite considerable efforts to source vital supplies, we have experienced and may continue to experience supply chain disruptions, including delays and price increases in equipment, pharmaceuticals and medical supplies, and supply shortages. our current ppe inventory is satisfactory, but we cannot be certain that our supplies will remain sufficient in the future. in addition, restrictive measures taken by governmental authorities to address the covid-19 pandemic have impacted, and may continue to impact, the availability of employed and contract labor staffing for corporate support services, including, but not limited to, coding, billing, collection and other business office functions, which could adversely affect our execution of established control procedures that may not be sufficiently mitigated through execution of our business continuity plans. continued staffing, equipment, laboratory resources and pharmaceutical and medical supplies shortages may impact our ability to schedule, admit and treat patients. in addition, the impact of labor shortages across the health care industry may result in other health care facilities, such as nursing homes, limiting admissions, which may constrain our ability to discharge patients to
such facilities and further exacerbate the demand on our resources, supplies and staffing. the covid-19 pandemic has also resulted in an increased number of early retirements in our workforce. the combined impact of these factors, despite our efforts to mitigate their effect, could result in reduced employee morale and increased exposure to labor unrest, work stoppages or other workforce disruptions, which effects may last beyond the duration of the pandemic.
actions taken by governmental authorities in response to the covid-19 pandemic, including restrictions on elective procedures, and other restrictive measures, have reduced, and may in the future reduce, the volume of procedures performed at our facilities, as well as the volume of emergency room and physician office visits unrelated to covid-19. we may be required to cancel elective procedures and close or reduce operating hours at our facilities in the future. some state and local governments have issued orders or imposed rules affecting hospital capacity in order to prepare for and manage surges in covid-19 patients. although social contact restrictions have eased across the u.s. and most states have lifted moratoriums on non-emergent procedures, some restrictions remain in place. further closings and restrictions on hours and services may be imposed or re-imposed for an unpredictable amount of time in connection with increasing or fluctuating covid-19 cases. we have also selectively suspended elective procedures at certain facilities based upon local covid-19 volume trends, bed capacity and staffing levels. it is unclear whether certain markets, such as florida and texas, will continue to experience periods of increases or spikes in the number of covid-19 cases. beginning in 2020 and continuing through 2021, we experienced increased patient acuity as a result of covid-19 cases at our hospitals, which led to increased reimbursements. however, the impacts of covid-19, including patient acuity levels, in future periods may vary, and could exert unpredictable and potentially negative effects on clinical performance metrics that impact reimbursement levels and could adversely affect our results of operations.
even as government or industry-adopted restrictions are lifted, some individuals may choose to postpone medical care (including long-term care) for an undetermined period of time. while patient volumes began rebounding in the second quarter of 2021 as the effects of the pandemic moderated and pandemic-related restrictions and policies were eased, we experienced a resurgence in covid-19 cases in the latter half of 2021, further impacting the return to pre-pandemic levels. as such, we cannot provide assurances as to the continued recovery and stability of pre-pandemic patient volumes or the ultimate impact on demand. further, our patient volumes may be adversely impacted by the expanded use of telehealth services from other providers as a result of reduced regulatory barriers on the use and reimbursement of telehealth services and individuals becoming more comfortable with receiving remote care. the company may not be able to timely innovate its strategies and technologies to meet changing consumer demands as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. it is possible that the covid-19 pandemic could impact patient behavior beyond the duration of the pandemic.
broad economic factors resulting from the current covid-19 pandemic, including inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, increased unemployment and underemployment rates and reduced consumer spending and confidence, also affect our service mix, revenue mix, payer mix and patient volumes, as well as our ability to collect outstanding receivables. business closings and layoffs in the areas where we operate may lead to increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of patients and other payers to pay for services rendered. any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of patient accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations, requiring an increased level of working capital. in addition, our results and financial condition may be adversely affected by federal, state or local laws, regulations, orders, or other governmental or regulatory actions addressing the current covid-19 pandemic or otherwise affecting the u.s. health care system in connection with the pandemic, which could result in direct or indirect restrictions to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. we may also be subject to claims from patients, employees and others exposed to covid-19 at our facilities. such actions may involve large demands, as well as substantial defense costs, though there is no certainty at this time whether any such claims will be filed or the outcome of such claims if filed. our professional and general liability insurance, a portion of which is provided through our insurance subsidiary, may not cover all claims against us.
if general economic conditions, including inflation, deteriorate or remain volatile or uncertain for an extended period of time, our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline. these factors may affect the availability, terms or timing on which we may obtain any additional funding and our ability to access our cash. there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
the foregoing and other continued disruptions to our business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic could heighten the risks in certain of the other risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
we are unable to predict the ultimate impact of the cares act and other existing or future stimulus and relief legislation, if any, or the effect that such legislation and other governmental responses intended to assist providers in responding to covid-19 may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial assistance or types of assistance we will receive, that we will be able to comply with the applicable terms and conditions to retain such assistance, or that we will be able to benefit from provisions intended to increase access to resources and ease regulatory burdens for health care providers.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, federal and state governments have passed legislation, promulgated regulations and taken other administrative actions intended to assist health care providers in providing care to covid-19 and other patients and to provide financial relief to health care providers. together, the cares act, the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement ("ppphce") act, the caa, and the arpa authorize over $186 billion in funding to be distributed to hospitals and other health care providers through the public health and social services emergency fund ("phssef"), also known as the provider relief fund. these funds are intended to reimburse eligible providers and suppliers for health care-related expenses or lost revenues attributable to the covid-19 pandemic. hhs made some general distributions of provider relief funding to medicare providers impacted by covid-19, and also made targeted distributions to specific provider types and industry segments, including providers in areas particularly impacted by covid-19, rural providers, providers of services with lower shares of medicare reimbursement or who predominantly serve the medicaid population and providers requesting reimbursement for treatment of uninsured americans, among others. a portion of the available funding is being distributed to reimburse health care providers that submit claims requests for covid-19-related treatment, testing, and vaccine administration for uninsured patients at medicare rates. recipients of these claims reimbursements must attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including confirming that patients are uninsured, limitations on balance billings and not using funds to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse.
the cares act and related legislation also make other forms of financial assistance available to health care providers. for example, cms has increased payment under the hospital inpatient pps by 20% for discharges of individuals diagnosed with covid-19 and provides an add-on payment for eligible inpatient cases that use certain new products to treat covid-19. the cares act also expanded the medicare accelerated and advance payment program, which makes available advance payments of medicare funds in order to increase cash flow to providers.
june 30, 2022, but increased the reductions set for 2030. the apra, in addition to providing funding for health care providers, increases the federal budget deficit in a manner that triggers an additional statutorily mandated sequestration under the paygo act. as a result, an additional medicare payment reduction of up to 4% was required to take effect in january 2022. however, congress has delayed implementation of this payment reduction until 2023.
beyond financial assistance, federal and state governments have enacted legislation, established regulations and issued waivers intended to expand access to and payment for telehealth services, increase access to medical supplies and equipment, prioritize review of drug applications to help with shortages of emergency drugs, and ease various legal and regulatory burdens on health care providers. hhs and cms have announced other flexibilities for health care providers in response to covid-19, such as relief from data submission requirements and measure suppression policies for providers participating in certain quality reporting programs. it is unclear how changes to these and other value-based programs will affect our financial condition.
there is still a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the ongoing impact of the cares act and related legislation passed and other efforts taken in response to the covid-19 pandemic, and the pandemic continues to evolve. some of the measures allowing for flexibility in delivery of care and various financial supports for health care providers are available only until funds expire or for the duration of the phe, and it is unclear whether or for how long the phe declaration will be extended. the current phe determination expires april 16, 2022. the hhs secretary may choose to renew the phe declaration for successive 90-day periods for as long as the emergency continues to exist and may terminate the declaration whenever he determines that the phe no longer exists. the federal government may consider additional stimulus and relief efforts, but we are unable to predict whether additional measures will be enacted or their impact. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial and other types of assistance we will receive under the cares act, ppphce act, the caa or future legislation, if any, or whether we shall retain, return or repay any future assistance, and it is difficult to predict the impact of such legislation on our operations. further, there can be no assurance that the terms and conditions of provider relief funding or other relief programs will not change or be interpreted in ways that affect our ability to comply with such terms and conditions in the future (which could affect our ability or willingness to retain assistance), the amount of total stimulus funding we may receive or our eligibility to participate in such stimulus funding. for time periods prior to returning provider relief funds, with respect to future assistance, if any, we do not return, and in those cases where our partners retain such assistance, we will continue to monitor our compliance with the terms and conditions of the provider relief fund, including demonstrating that the distributions received have been used for health care-related expenses or lost revenue attributable to covid-19. if we are unable to attest to or comply with current or future terms and conditions with respect to any assistance not voluntarily returned for our less-than-wholly owned partnerships, our ability to retain some or all of the distributions received may be impacted. we will continue to assess the potential impact of covid-19 and government responses to the pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
if a pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to occur in an area in which we operate, our operations could be adversely affected. such a crisis could diminish the public trust in health care facilities, especially hospitals that fail to accurately or timely diagnose, or are treating (or have treated) patients affected by infectious diseases. if any of our facilities were involved, or perceived as being involved, in treating patients from such an infectious disease, patients might cancel elective procedures or fail to seek needed care at our facilities, and our reputation may be negatively affected. patient volumes may decline or volumes of uninsured and underinsured patients may increase, depending on the economic circumstances surrounding the pandemic, epidemic or outbreak. further, a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak might adversely affect our operations by causing a temporary shutdown or diversion of patients, disrupting or delaying production and delivery of materials and products in the supply chain or causing staffing shortages in our facilities. we have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak, as well as the public's and the government's response to the pandemic, epidemic or outbreak, is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations.
our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations.
we are highly leveraged. as of december 31, 2021, our total indebtedness was $34.579 billion. as of december 31, 2021, we had availability of $1.920 billion under our senior secured cash flow credit facility and $1.720 billion under our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, after giving effect to letters of credit and borrowing base limitations. our high degree of leverage could have important consequences, some of which may be exacerbated by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to downturns or adverse changes in general economic, industry or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations;
•   requiring a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•   limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make nonstrategic divestitures;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, product or service line development, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•   limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged.
we and our subsidiaries have the ability to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities and the indentures governing our outstanding notes. if new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, interest rates and the related risks that we now face could intensify.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
in addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flows by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries.
we may find it necessary or prudent to refinance our outstanding indebtedness, the terms of which may not be favorable to us. our ability to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the then current global economic and financial conditions which affect the availability of debt financing and the
rates at which such financing is available. in addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness (which would generally enable us to achieve better pricing than the incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of our assets, which depends, in turn, on the strength of our cash flows and results of operations, and on economic and market conditions and other factors.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions, or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.
our senior secured credit facilities and, to a lesser extent, the indentures governing our outstanding notes contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. these covenants limit our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares;
•   pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make other restricted payments;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.
under our asset-based revolving credit facility, borrowing availability is subject to a borrowing base of 85% of eligible accounts receivable less customary reserves, with any reduction in the borrowing base commensurately reducing our ability to access this facility as a source of liquidity. in addition, under the asset-based revolving credit facility, when (and for as long as) the combined availability under our asset-based revolving credit facility and the revolving facility under our senior secured cash flow credit facility is less than a specified amount for a certain period of time or, if a payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred and is continuing, funds deposited into any of our depository accounts will be transferred on a daily basis into a blocked account with the administrative agent and applied to prepay loans under the asset-based revolving credit facility and to collateralize letters of credit issued thereunder.
under our senior secured credit facilities, we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios. our ability to meet those financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance we will continue to meet those ratios. a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under both the cash flow credit facility and the asset-based revolving credit facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under these senior secured credit facilities, the lenders thereunder could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, which would also result in an event of default under a significant portion of our other outstanding indebtedness. if we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. we have pledged a significant portion of our assets under our senior secured credit facilities and that collateral is
also pledged as collateral under our first lien notes. if any of the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities accelerate the repayment of borrowings, there can be no assurance there will be sufficient assets to repay the senior secured credit facilities, the first lien notes and our other indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $4.740 billion of borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities that bore interest at a floating rate based on libor and $3.640 billion of unfunded commitments under those facilities. the u.k. financial conduct authority announced in 2017 that it intends to phase out libor by the end of 2021 and will not compel panel banks to continue to contribute to libor after the end of 2021. however, the ice benchmark administration, in its capacity as administrator of libor, has published a consultation regarding its intention to continue publication of certain libor tenors and subsequently confirmed it expects to cease publication of all remaining libor tenors in june 2023. however, the federal reserve board, the office of the comptroller of the currency, and the federal deposit insurance corporation have encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use u.s. dollar libor as a reference rate no later than december 31, 2021. the federal reserve board, together with the alternative reference rates committee, has chosen the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") as the recommended risk-free reference rate. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates such as sofr, or any other reference rate, will have on us or our borrowing costs.
as of december 31, 2021, we also had a $500 million interest rate swap agreement based on libor that is scheduled to expire on december 30, 2022. if libor becomes unavailable, it is unclear how payments under this agreement would be calculated. the international swaps and derivatives association has published a standard protocol addressing the expected discontinuation of libor, but there can be no assurance that such a protocol will be implemented with respect to our swap agreements.
risks related to human capital:
our operations may be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and other health care professionals, vaccine mandates and labor union activity.
our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support personnel, such as nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians, as well as our physicians. we compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management and personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. in some markets, the availability of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue to health care providers, including at certain of our facilities. the covid-19 pandemic has exacerbated workforce competition and shortages, and may continue to exacerbate workforce competition and shortages beyond the duration of the pandemic. we may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. as a result, our labor costs could continue to increase and/or our capacity could be negatively impacted. we also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled employees in each of the markets in which we operate. if there is continued competition for these employees or additional union organizing activity or a significant portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase. when negotiating collective bargaining agreements with unions, whether such agreements are renewals or first contracts, there is the possibility that strikes could occur during the negotiation process, and our continued operation during any strikes could increase our labor costs.
in addition, federal and state laws and regulations may increase our costs of maintaining qualified nurses and other medical support personnel. we operate in several states that have adopted mandatory nurse-staffing ratios. if these states reduce mandatory nurse-staffing ratios or additional states in which we operate adopt mandatory nurse-staffing ratios, such changes could significantly affect labor costs and have an adverse impact
on revenues if we are required to limit admissions in order to meet the required ratios. if our labor costs continue to increase, we may not be able to offset these increased costs as a significant percentage of our revenues consists of fixed, prospective payments.
additionally, on november 5, 2021, cms and the u.s. occupational safety and health administration ("osha") published regulations and standards setting forth vaccination requirements for certain u.s. employees. cms issued a health and safety regulation ("cms mandate") requiring certain covered facilities (including hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, home health agencies, hospices, providers of outpatient physical therapy and long-term care facilities, in each case, that are medicare and medicaid-certified providers) to ensure all staff who work in the covered facility and who provide care, treatment or other services for the facility and/or its patients are fully vaccinated against covid-19. the cms mandate does not provide a testing option for covered staff. osha issued an emergency temporary standard ("ets") mandating that employers with 100 or more employees design, implement, and enforce a mandatory covid-19 vaccination policy or adopt a policy requiring employees to either receive a covid-19 vaccination or undergo regular covid-19 testing and wear a face covering at work. both the osha ets and the cms mandate were the subject of multiple legal challenges and injunction proceedings regarding whether the agencies exceeded their authority in implementing these regulations and standards, with the u.s. supreme court ultimately determining whether the ets and/or cms mandate should be stayed pending resolution. on january 13, 2022, the u.s. supreme court lifted two injunctions previously staying the cms mandate in 24 states. the impact of the supreme court's decision renders the cms mandate applicable on a nationwide basis pending further litigation on cms's authority. while cms has extended the compliance deadlines for some states to mid-march 2022, the application of the cms mandate could adversely impact the availability of staff to provide services at covered facilities the company owns, manages or operates. on january 13, 2022, the supreme court issued a nationwide injunction staying the implementation of the ets pending further decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit regarding whether osha's ets exceeds congressional authority. in response, on january 25, 2022, osha announced its withdrawal of the ets. additional vaccine and testing mandates may also be announced by state-run osha programs or state and local officials in jurisdictions in which we operate our business and which could adversely impact the availability of staff to provide services at covered facilities the company owns, manages or operates. the unavailability of such staff, or the inability of the company to control labor costs, could have a material, adverse effect on our capacity, growth prospects and results of operations.
the talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. in addition, institutional knowledge may be lost in any potential managerial transition. we may be unable to retain them or to attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. our management is focused on mitigating the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of time and resources across our enterprise. failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent, or failure to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for the management team, could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success.
our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
the success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with those physicians and controlling costs related to the employment of physicians. although we employ some physicians, physicians are often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice, and, in many of the markets we serve, most physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. we continue to face increasing competition to recruit and retain quality physicians. such physicians may terminate
their affiliation with our hospitals at any time. we anticipate facing increased challenges in this area as the physician population reaches retirement age, especially if there is a shortage of physicians willing and able to provide comparable services. if we are unable to recruit and retain quality physicians to affiliate with our hospitals, our admissions may decrease, our operating performance may decline, and our capacity and growth prospects may be materially adversely affected. if we are unable to provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities, admissions may decrease and our operating performance may decline.
risks related to technology, data privacy and cybersecurity:
a cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems. a cybersecurity incident could also give rise to potential harm to patients; remediation and other expenses; and exposure to liability under hipaa, consumer protection laws, common law theories or other laws. such incidents could subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business.
we, directly and through our vendors and other third parties, collect and store on our networks and devices and third-party technology platforms sensitive information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our patients and employees. we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use ehr and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care and to protect our systems, software, equipment, devices, and data from cybersecurity risks. in addition, medical devices manufactured by third parties that are used within our facilities are increasingly connected to the internet, hospital networks and other medical devices. the secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. we have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. we embed security measures into software and system development processes, utilize current security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. we vet the security and integrity of third-party technology platforms hosting infrastructure, applications, and data supporting our operations, and set contractual terms holding them to our security standards.
despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against information systems and devices against us or our vendors and other third parties create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware and phishing incidents. we have seen, and believe we will continue to see, widely spread vulnerabilities, such as the apache log4j 2 vulnerability reported in december 2021, which could affect our or other parties' systems. mitigation and remediation recommendations continue to evolve, and addressing this and other critical vulnerabilities is a priority for us. the volume and intensity of cyberattacks on hospitals and health systems continues to increase. we are regularly the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a security impact, including those by third parties to access, misappropriate or manipulate our information or disrupt our operations, and we expect to continue to experience an increase in cybersecurity threats in the future. moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent vulnerabilities or defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise information security. there can be no assurance that we or our vendors and other third parties will not be subject to cybersecurity threats and incidents that bypass our or their security measures, impact the integrity, availability or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws or disrupt our or their information systems, devices or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. further, consumer confidence in the integrity and security of personal information and critical operations data in the health care industry generally could be shaken to the extent there are successful cyberattacks at other health care services companies, which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations.
as a result, cybersecurity, privacy, physical security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our facilities, information systems and data from attack,
damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. our audit and compliance committee includes the topic of cybersecurity risk and information security as one of its standing agenda items, and is frequently updated on management's ongoing actions to monitor, identify, assess and mitigate significant cybersecurity matters. committee meetings regularly include a report from our chief security officer to provide an update on (i) activities within our internal cybersecurity defense center to monitor and respond to both internal and third-party cyber events, (ii) ongoing threats that are being monitored and (iii) the current threat level assessment for the company. as cyber threats continue to evolve, along with their increased volume and sophistication, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents. although to date no cyberattack or other information or security breach, whether experienced by us or a third party, has resulted in material losses or other material consequences to us, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures in place to monitor and mitigate the risks of cyber threats, including the remediation of critical information security and software vulnerabilities, will be sufficient and/or timely and that we will not suffer material losses or consequences in the future. additionally, while we have in place insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. the occurrence of any of these events could result in (i) harm to patients; (ii) business interruptions and delays; (iii) the loss, misappropriation, corruption or unauthorized access of data; (iv) litigation and potential liability under privacy, security, breach notification and consumer protection laws, common law theories or other applicable laws; (v) reputational damage; and (vi) foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation.
the performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. in addition to our shared services initiatives, our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including:
•   monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full medicare payment updates.
information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts such as inadvertent misuse by employees and cyberattacks, including ransomware and data theft, and natural disasters. moreover, we rely on various third-party technology platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope. failure to adequately manage implementations of new technology, updates or enhancements of such platforms or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, disrupt our operations, and have a material, adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
failures and disruptions. the occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation.
health care technology initiatives, particularly those related to patient data and interoperability, may adversely affect our operations.
the federal government is working to promote the adoption of health information technology and the promotion of nationwide health information exchange to improve health care. for example, hhs incentivizes the adoption and meaningful use of certified ehr technology through its promoting interoperability programs. eligible hospitals and eligible professionals, including our hospitals and employed professionals, are subject to reduced payments from medicare if they fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified ehr technology. as these technologies have become widespread, the focus has shifted to increasing patient access to health care data and interoperability. the 21st century cures act prohibits information blocking by health care providers and certain other entities, which is defined as engaging in activities likely to interfere with the access, exchange or use of electronic health information, except as required by law or specified by hhs as a reasonable and necessary activity. current and future initiatives related to health care technology and interoperability may require changes to our operations, impose new and complex compliance obligations and require investments in infrastructure. we may be subject to financial penalties or other disincentives or experience reputational damage for failure to comply. it is difficult to predict how these initiatives will affect our relationships with providers and vendors, participation in health care information exchanges or networks, the exchange of patient data, and patient engagement.
as health care technology continues to advance, the price of purchasing such new technology has significantly increased for providers. some payers have not adapted their payment systems to adequately cover the cost of these technologies for providers and patients. if payers do not adequately reimburse us for these new technologies, we may be unable to acquire such technologies or we may nevertheless determine to acquire or utilize these technologies in order to treat our patients. in either case, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
our results of operations may be adversely affected by health care reform efforts, including efforts to significantly change the affordable care act. we are unable to predict what, if any, and when additional health reform measures will be adopted or implemented, and the effects and ultimate impact of any such measures are uncertain.
in recent years, congress and certain state legislatures have passed a large number of laws and regulations intended to effect major change within the u.s. health care system, including the affordable care act. the affordable care act affects how health care services are covered, delivered and reimbursed through expanded health insurance coverage, reduced growth in medicare program spending, reductions in medicare and medicaid dsh payments, and the establishment of programs that tie reimbursement to quality and integration. however, the affordable care act has been subject to legislative and regulatory changes and court challenges. for example, effective january 1, 2019, the penalty associated with the individual mandate to maintain health insurance was eliminated. this change resulted in legal challenges to the constitutionality of the individual mandate and the validity of the affordable care act as a whole. however, in june 2021, the u.s. supreme court determined that the plaintiffs lacked standing, allowing the law to remain in place.
there is also uncertainty regarding whether, when, and what other health reform initiatives will be adopted and the impact of such efforts on providers and other health care industry participants. some members of congress have proposed measures that would expand government-sponsored coverage, including proposals to expand coverage of federally-funded insurance programs as an alternative to private insurance or establish a single-payer system (such reforms often referred to as "medicare for all"), and some states are considering or have implemented public health insurance options. cms administrators may grant states additional flexibility in the administration of state medicaid programs and make changes to medicaid payment models. other health reform initiatives and proposals, such as price transparency requirements and the requirements of the no surprises act, may impact prices, our relationships with patients, payers or ancillary providers (such as anesthesiologists, radiologists, and pathologists), and our competitive position. other industry participants, such as private payers and large employer groups and their affiliates, may also introduce financial or delivery system reforms. we are unable to predict the nature and success of such initiatives. health care reform initiatives, including changes to the affordable care act, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources, and liquidity.
in recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations on and, in some cases, reductions in levels of payments to health care providers for certain services under the medicare program. congress has established automatic spending reductions that extend through 2030. however, the percentage reduction for medicare may not be more than 2% for a fiscal year, with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs. while this reduction has been suspended by the cares act and related legislation, it is scheduled to be reinstated april 1, 2022, when it will resume as a 1% reduction. the full 2% reduction will begin july 1, 2022, and the reductions set for 2030 were increased to up to 3%. as a result of the arpa, an additional medicare payment reduction of up to 4% was required to take effect in january 2022; however, congress has delayed implementation of this reduction until 2023. we are unable to predict what other deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by congress. these reductions are in addition to reductions mandated by the affordable care act and other laws. further, from time to time, cms revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse health care providers, including changes to the inpatient hospital ms-drg system and other payment systems, which may result in reduced medicare payments. further, under a site neutrality policy, clinic visit services provided by off-campus provider-based departments that were formerly paid under the outpatient pps are now paid under the physician fee schedule. the impact act requires hhs, in conjunction with the medicare payment advisory commission, to propose a unified post-acute care payment model by 2023. a unified post-acute care payment system would pay post-acute care providers, including home health agencies, under a single framework according to a patient's characteristics, rather than based on the post-acute care setting where the patient receives treatment. cms has issued final rules reducing medicare payment rates under the outpatient pps for drugs obtained under the 340b drug pricing program, although this payment policy has been heavily litigated and is currently before the u.s. supreme court. in september 2021, hhs released a comprehensive plan for addressing high drug prices, a report outlining principles for drug pricing reform. the report set forth a variety of potential legislative policies that congress could pursue and summarized actions underway or under consideration by hhs to advance these principles. cms may implement further changes to how items or services are reimbursed that result in payment reductions for other services.
because most states must operate with balanced budgets and the medicaid program is often a state's largest program, some states have enacted or may consider enacting legislation designed to reduce their medicaid expenditures. further, many states have also adopted, or are considering, legislation designed to reduce coverage, enroll medicaid recipients in managed care programs, and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states' medicaid systems. periods of economic weakness may increase the budgetary pressures on many states, and these budgetary pressures may result in decreased spending, or decreased spending growth, for medicaid programs and the children's health insurance program in many states. some states that provide medicaid supplemental payments are reviewing these programs or have filed waiver requests with cms to replace these programs, and cms has performed and continues to perform compliance reviews of some states' programs and is considering changes to the requirements for such programs, which could result in medicaid supplemental payments being reduced or eliminated. further, legislation and administrative actions at the federal level may significantly alter the funding for, or structure of, the medicaid program. for example, from time to time, congress considers proposals to restructure the medicaid program to involve block grants that would be administered by the states. the prior presidential administration increased state flexibility in the administration of medicaid programs, including by allowing states to condition enrollment on work or other community engagement or to use a block grant funding structure. however, the current presidential administration issued an executive order directing agencies to re-examine measures that reduce health insurance coverage or undermine medicaid programs, and the administration has rescinded approvals of waivers involving certain eligibility and enrollment restrictions, including those allowing for work and community engagement requirements.
current or future health care reform and deficit reduction efforts, changes in laws or regulations regarding government health care programs, other changes in the administration of government health care programs and changes by private third-party payers in response to health care reform and other changes to government health care programs could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
if we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations.
the health care industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things:
•   relationships with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients;
•   necessity and adequacy of medical care;
•   quality of medical equipment and services;
•   the confidentiality, maintenance, interoperability, exchange, data breach, identity theft and security of health-related and personal information and medical records;
•   screening, stabilization and transfer of individuals who have emergency medical conditions;
•   licensure, certification and enrollment with government programs;
•   debt collection, limits or prohibitions on balance billing and billing for out of network services;
•   communications with patients and consumers;
•   activities regarding competitors;
•   addition of facilities and services; and
among these laws are the federal anti-kickback statute, ekra, the federal stark law, the fca and similar state laws. we have a variety of financial relationships with physicians and others who either refer or influence the referral of patients to our hospitals, other health care facilities, laboratories and employed physicians or who are the recipients of referrals, and these laws govern those relationships. the oig has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. while we endeavor to comply with the applicable safe harbors, certain of our current arrangements, including joint ventures and financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources and persons and entities to which we refer patients, do not qualify for safe harbor protection. failure to qualify for a safe harbor does not mean the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. however, we cannot offer assurance that practices outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback statute. allegations of violations of the anti-kickback statute may be brought under the federal civil monetary penalty law, which requires a lower burden of proof than other fraud and abuse laws, including the anti-kickback statute.
our financial relationships with referring physicians and their immediate family members must comply with the stark law by meeting an exception. we attempt to structure our relationships to meet an exception to the stark law, but the regulations implementing the exceptions are detailed and complex and are subject to continuing legal and regulatory change. thus, we cannot provide assurance that every relationship complies fully with the stark law. unlike the anti-kickback statute, failure to meet an exception under the stark law results in a violation of the stark law, even if such violation is technical in nature.
additionally, if we violate the anti-kickback statute or stark law, or if we improperly bill for our services, we may be found to violate the fca, either under a suit brought by the government or by a private person under a qui tam, or "whistleblower," suit. see item 1, "business - regulation and other factors."
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain u.s. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. the foreign corrupt practices act regulates u.s. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. in addition, the united kingdom bribery act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the united kingdom.
a variety of state, national, foreign and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data. for example, the ccpa, which affords consumers expanded privacy protections such as the right to know what personal information is collected and how it is used, went into effect on january 1, 2020, and was recently significantly amended by the cpra. california residents also have the right to request that a business delete their personal information unless it is necessary for the business to maintain for certain purposes, to direct a business to correct errors in their personal information, and to restrict the use and disclosure of sensitive information. they have the right to know if their personal information is being sold or shared and the right to opt out of the sale or disclosure. beginning in 2023, under the cpra's amendments, as well as comprehensive privacy legislation passed in virginia and
colorado, residents of those states will have additional rights with respect to their personal information, such as a right to opt out of certain processing activities for sensitive data and a right to a portable copy of their personal information. the cpra creates a new regulator responsible for enforcement of the cpra, and enforcement priorities of this new regulatory body have yet to be determined. the ccpa and cpra also provide for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. failure to comply with these and any other comprehensive privacy laws passed at the state or federal level may result in regulatory enforcement action and damage to our reputation. the potential effects of such legislation are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. with brexit, our united kingdom operations are no longer subject to the european union's general data protection regulation ("gdpr") but are subject to the uk data protection legislation, which has been amended in connection with brexit to be functionally similar to the gdpr and which contains stricter privacy restrictions than laws and regulations in the united states and provides for significant fines in the event of violations. these administrative fines are based on a multi-factored approach. moreover, rules for data transfers outside of the united kingdom and european economic area have changed significantly with brexit and a recent court of european justice decision, and are subject to further revision and updated regulator guidance, making necessary compliance measures challenging to ascertain and implement with respect to our united kingdom operations. we expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions, which could impact our operations and cause us to incur substantial costs.
we send short message service, or sms, text messages to patients. while we obtain consent from these individuals to send text messages, federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants may claim that the notices and disclosures we provide, form of consents we obtain, or our sms texting practices are not adequate or violate applicable law. in addition, we must ensure that our sms texting practices comply with regulations and agency guidance under the telephone consumer protection act (the "tcpa"), a federal statute that protects consumers from unwanted telephone calls, faxes and text messages. while we strive to adhere to strict policies and procedures that comply with the tcpa, the federal communications commission, as the agency that implements and enforces the tcpa, may disagree with our interpretation of the tcpa and subject us to penalties and other consequences for noncompliance. determination by a court or regulatory agency that our sms texting practices violate the tcpa could subject us to civil penalties and could require us to change some portions of our business. even an unsuccessful challenge by patients or regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by us. moreover, if wireless carriers or their trade associations, which issue guidelines for texting programs, determine that we have violated their guidelines, our ability to engage in texting programs may be curtailed or revoked, which could impact our operations and cause us to incur costs related to implementing a workaround solution.
we engage in consumer debt collection for hca-affiliated hospitals and certain non-affiliated hospitals. we also engage in credit reporting for certain non-affiliated hospitals. the federal fair debt collection practices act, the fair credit reporting act and the tcpa restrict the methods that companies may use to contact and seek payment from consumer debtors regarding past due accounts and to report to consumer reporting agencies on the status of those accounts. many states impose additional requirements on debt collection and credit reporting practices, and some of those requirements may be more stringent than the federal requirements.
finally, we are subject to various federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. for example, our health care operations generate medical waste, such as pharmaceuticals, biological materials and disposable medical instruments, that must be handled, stored, transported, treated and disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. environmental regulations also may apply when we build new facilities or renovate existing facilities. if we are found not to be in compliance with such laws and regulations, we may be liable for significant investigation and clean-up costs or be subject to enforcement actions by governmental authorities or lawsuits by
if we fail to comply with these or other applicable laws and regulations, which are subject to change, we could be subject to liabilities, including civil penalties, money damages, lapses in reimbursement, the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities, exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state health care programs, civil lawsuits and criminal penalties. in addition, different interpretations or enforcement of, or amendments to, these and other laws and regulations in the future could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. the costs of compliance with, and the other burdens imposed by, these and other laws or regulatory actions may increase our operational costs, result in interruptions or delays in the availability of systems and/or result in a patient volume decline. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. an adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit, a determination that we have violated these or other laws or a public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations could result in liability, result in adverse publicity, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations.
some states, particularly in the eastern part of the country, require health care providers to obtain prior approval, often known as a con, for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities, to make certain capital expenditures or to make changes in services or bed capacity. in giving approval, these states consider the need for additional or expanded health care facilities or services. we currently operate health care facilities in a number of states with con laws or that require other types of approvals for the establishment or expansion of certain facility types or services. the failure to obtain any required con or other required approval could impair our ability to operate or expand operations. any such failure could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to attract patients and physicians to our facilities and grow our revenues, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may incur additional tax liabilities.
we are subject to tax in the united states as well as those states and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. changes in tax laws, including increases in tax rates, or interpretations of tax laws by taxing authorities or other standard setting bodies could increase our tax obligations and have a material, adverse impact on our results of operations.
we are also subject to examination by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. management believes hca healthcare, inc., its predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the internal revenue service ("irs"), state and foreign taxing authorities and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
we have been and could become the subject of government investigations, claims and litigation.
health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various government agencies. further, under the fca, private parties have the right to bring qui tam, or "whistleblower," suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. certain of our individual facilities and/or
affiliates have received, and other facilities and/or affiliates may receive, government inquiries from, and may be subject to investigation by, federal and state agencies. depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
government agencies and their agents, such as the macs, fiscal intermediaries and carriers, as well as the oig, cms and state medicaid programs, conduct audits of our health care operations. cms and state medicaid agencies contract with racs and other contractors on a contingency fee basis to conduct post-payment reviews to detect and correct improper payments in the medicare program, including managed medicare plans, and the medicaid programs. rac denials are appealable; however, there are currently significant delays in the medicare appeals process, which negatively impacts our ability to appeal rac payment denials. private third-party payers may conduct similar post-payment audits, and we also perform internal audits and monitoring. depending on the nature of the conduct found in such audits and whether the underlying conduct could be considered systemic, the resolution of these audits could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
should we be found out of compliance with applicable laws, regulations or programs, depending on the nature of the findings, our business, our financial position and our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities, which are costly to defend and may require us to pay significant damages if not covered by insurance.
we are subject to litigation relating to our business practices, including claims and legal actions by patients and others in the ordinary course of business alleging malpractice, product liability or other legal theories. many of these actions seek large sums of money as damages and involve significant defense costs. we insure a portion of our professional liability risks through our insurance subsidiary. management believes our reserves for self-insured retentions and insurance coverage are sufficient to cover insured claims arising out of the operation of our facilities, although some claims may exceed the scope or amount of the coverage limits of our insurance policies. our insurance subsidiary has entered into certain reinsurance contracts; however, the subsidiary remains liable to the extent that the reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the reinsurance contracts. if payments for claims exceed actuarially determined estimates, are not covered by insurance, or reinsurers, if any, fail to meet their obligations, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
risks related to operations, strategy, demand and competition:
our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers.
the health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. generally, other hospitals in the communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. cms publicizes on its care compare website performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals submit in connection with their medicare reimbursement. the care compare website provides an overall rating that synthesizes various quality measures into a single star rating for each hospital. federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures that must be reported. if any of our hospitals achieve poor results (or results that are lower than our competitors) on quality measures or on patient satisfaction surveys, our competitive position could be negatively affected. further, hospitals are currently required by law to publish online a list of their standard charges for all items and services, including discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified negotiated charges. the no surprises act imposes additional price transparency requirements beginning january 1, 2022, including requiring providers to send health plans of insured patients and uninsured patients a good faith estimate of the expected charges and diagnostic codes prior to the scheduled date of the service or item. hhs is deferring enforcement of certain requirements of the no surprises act
applicable to providing estimates for insured individuals. it is not entirely clear how price transparency requirements will affect consumer behavior, our relationships with payers, or our ability to set and negotiate prices, but our competitive position could be negatively affected if our standard charges are higher or are perceived to be higher than the charges of our competitors.
the number of freestanding specialty hospitals, surgery centers, emergency departments, urgent care centers and diagnostic and imaging centers in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased. many individuals are seeking a broader range of services at outpatient facilities as a result of the growing availability of stand-alone outpatient health care facilities, the increase in payer reimbursement policies that restrict inpatient coverage and the increase in the services that can be provided on an outpatient basis, including high margin services. consequently, most of our hospitals operate in a highly competitive environment, which may put pressure on our pricing, ability to contract with third-party payers and strategy for volume growth. some of the facilities that compete with our hospitals are physician-owned or are owned by governmental agencies or not-for-profit corporations supported by endowments, charitable contributions and/or tax revenues and can finance capital expenditures and operations on a tax-exempt basis. recent consolidations of not-for-profit hospital entities may intensify this competitive pressure. there is also increasing consolidation in the third-party payer industry, including vertical integration efforts among third-party payers and health care providers, and increasing efforts by payers to influence or direct the patient's choice of provider by the use of narrow networks or other strategies. health care industry participants are increasingly implementing physician alignment strategies, such as employing physicians, acquiring physician practice groups and participating in acos or other clinical integration models. other industry participants, such as large employer groups and their affiliates, may intensify competitive pressure and affect the industry in ways that are difficult to predict.
our hospitals compete with specialty hospitals and with both our own and unaffiliated freestanding ascs and other outpatient providers for market share in certain high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. if ascs and other outpatient providers are better able to compete in this environment than our hospitals, our hospitals may experience a decline in patient volume, and we may experience a decrease in margin, even if those patients use our providers. in states that do not require a con or other type of approval for the purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities or services, competition in the form of new services, facilities and capital spending is more prevalent. some states that have historically imposed con or similar prior approval requirements have removed or are considering removing these requirements, which may reduce barriers to entry and increase competition in our service areas. changes in licensure or other regulations and recognition of new provider types or payment models could also impact our competitive position. if our competitors are better able to attract patients, make capital expenditures and maintain modern and technologically upgraded facilities and equipment, recruit physicians, expand services or obtain favorable third-party payer contracts at their facilities than our hospitals and other providers, we may experience an overall decline in patient volume. see item 1, "business - competition."
a deterioration in the collectability of uninsured and patient due accounts could adversely affect our results of operations.
the primary collection risks for our accounts receivable relate to the uninsured patient accounts and patient accounts for which the primary third-party payer has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient responsibility amounts (exclusions, deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. medicare reimburses hospitals for 65% of eligible medicare bad debts. to be eligible for reimbursement, the amounts claimed must meet certain criteria, including that the debt is related to unpaid deductible or coinsurance amounts and that the hospital first attempted to collect the fees from the medicare beneficiary.
the estimates for implicit price concessions are based upon management's assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal and state governmental and private employer health care coverage, the rate of growth in uninsured patient admissions and other collection indicators. at december 31, 2021, estimated implicit price concessions of $6.784 billion had been recorded to
any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability of uninsured accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. our facilities may experience growth in total uncompensated care as a result of a number of factors, including conditions impacting the overall economy and unemployment levels, both of which have been, and may in the future be, negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. effective january 2019, congress eliminated the financial penalty associated with the affordable care act's individual mandate. further, final rules issued in 2018 expand the availability of association health plans and allow the sale of short-term, limited-duration health plans, neither of which are required to cover all of the essential health benefits mandated by the affordable care act. these changes may impact the number of individuals that elect to obtain public or private health insurance or the scope of such coverage, if purchased. we are unable to predict what, if any, and when such changes will be made in the future.
we provide uninsured discounts and charity care for individuals, including for those residing in states that choose not to implement the medicaid expansion or that modify the terms of the program, for undocumented aliens who are not permitted to enroll in an exchange or government health care programs and for certain others who may not have insurance. some patients may choose to enroll in lower cost medicaid plans or other health insurance plans with lower reimbursement levels. we may also be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts as a result of increases in the adoption of health plan structures that shift greater payment responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and copayment and deductible amounts.
if our volume of patients with private health insurance coverage declines or we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with private third-party payers, including managed care plans, our revenues may be reduced.
broad economic factors resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, including inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, increased unemployment and underemployment rates and reduced consumer spending and confidence, the continued shift to an outpatient setting and the aging population may impact our revenue mix. private third-party payers, including hmos, ppos and other managed care plans, typically reimburse health care providers at a higher rate than medicare, medicaid or other government health care programs. reimbursement rates are set forth by contract when our facilities are in-network, and payers utilize plan structures to encourage or require the use of in-network providers. revenues derived from private third-party payers (domestic only) accounted for 51.6%, 51.5% and 51.6% of our revenues for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. as a result, our ability to maintain or increase patient volumes covered by private third-party payers and to maintain and obtain favorable contracts with private third-party payers significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our facilities.
private third-party payers, including managed care plans, continue to demand discounted fee structures, and the ongoing trend toward consolidation among payers tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures. payers may utilize plan structures such as narrow networks and tiered networks that limit beneficiary provider choices, impose significantly higher cost sharing obligations when care is obtained from providers in a disfavored tier or otherwise shift greater financial responsibility for care to individuals.
other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into managed care contracts or negotiate increases in our reimbursement and other favorable terms and conditions. for example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care plans to contract with us. in addition to increasing negotiating leverage of private third-party payers, alignment efforts between third-party payers and health care providers may result in other competitive advantages, such as greater access to performance and pricing data. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our third-party payer contracts and enter into new contracts on terms favorable to us, which may be impacted by price transparency initiatives. cost-reduction strategies by large employer groups and their affiliates,
such as directly contracting with a limited number of providers, may also limit our ability to negotiate favorable terms in our contracts and otherwise intensify competitive pressure. it is not clear what impact, if any, future health reform efforts or further changes to the affordable care act will have on our ability to negotiate reimbursement increases and participate in third-party payer networks on favorable terms. if we are unable to retain and negotiate favorable contracts with third-party payers or experience reductions in payment increases or amounts received from third-party payers, our revenues may be reduced.
in addition, our revenues may be reduced if we experience growth in self-pay volume. in recent years, federal and state legislatures have considered or passed various proposals potentially impacting the size of the uninsured population. the number and identity of states that choose to expand or otherwise modify medicaid programs and the terms of expansion and other program modifications continue to evolve. these variables, among others, make it difficult to predict the number of uninsured individuals and what percentage of our total revenue will be comprised of self-pay revenues.
controls imposed by medicare, managed medicare, medicaid, managed medicaid and private third-party payers designed to reduce admissions, intensity of services, surgical volumes and lengths of stay, in some instances referred to as "utilization review," have affected and are expected to increasingly affect our facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by third-party payers, and may involve prior authorization requirements. the medicare program also issues national or local coverage determinations that restrict the circumstances under which medicare pays for certain services. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by third-party payers' preadmission authorization requirements, coverage restrictions, utilization review and by pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. additionally, trends in physician treatment protocols and health plan design, such as health plans that shift increased costs and accountability for care to patients, could reduce our surgical volumes and admissions in favor of lower intensity and lower cost treatment methodologies or result in patients seeking care from other providers.
volume, admission and case-mix trends may be impacted by other factors beyond our control, such as changes in volume of certain high acuity services, variations in the prevalence and severity of outbreaks of influenza and other illnesses, such as covid-19, and medical conditions, seasonal and severe weather conditions, changes in treatment regimens and medical technology and other advances. further, our inpatient volumes may decline if various inpatient hospital procedures become eligible for reimbursement by medicare when performed in outpatient settings. these factors may reduce the demand for services we offer and decrease the reimbursement that we receive. significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed, cost controls, changes to physician utilization practices, treatment methodologies, reimbursement rates and fees and other factors beyond our control could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
we may encounter difficulty acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses and challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses and become liable for unknown or contingent liabilities as a result of acquisitions.
a component of our business strategy is acquiring hospitals and other health care businesses. we may encounter difficulty acquiring new facilities or other businesses as a result of competition from other purchasers that may be willing to pay purchase prices that are higher than we believe are reasonable. antitrust enforcement in the health care industry is currently a priority of the federal trade commission and the doj, including with respect to hospital and physician practice acquisitions. some states require cons in order to acquire a hospital or
other facility, or to expand facilities or services. in addition, the acquisition of health care facilities often involves licensure approvals or reviews and complex change of ownership processes for medicare and other payers. further, many states have laws that restrict the conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. these laws may require prior approval from the state attorney general, advance notification of the attorney general or other regulators and community involvement. attorneys general in states without specific requirements may exercise broad discretionary authority over transactions involving the sale of not-for-profits under their general obligations to protect the use of charitable assets. these legislative and administrative efforts often focus on the appropriate valuation of the assets divested and the use of the proceeds of the sale by the non-profit seller and may include consideration of commitments for capital improvements and charity care by the purchaser. also, the increasingly challenging regulatory and enforcement environment may negatively impact our ability to acquire health care businesses if they are found to have material unresolved compliance issues, such as repayment obligations. resolving compliance issues as well as completion of oversight, review or approval processes could seriously delay or even prevent our ability to acquire hospitals or other businesses and increase our acquisition costs.
we may be unable to timely and effectively integrate hospitals and other businesses that we acquire with our ongoing operations, or we may experience delays implementing operating procedures and systems. hospitals and other health care businesses that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for failure to comply with health care and other laws and regulations, medical and general professional liabilities, workers' compensation liabilities and tax liabilities. although we typically exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers for these matters, we could experience difficulty enforcing those obligations, experience liability in excess of any indemnification obtained or otherwise incur material liabilities for the pre-acquisition conduct of acquired businesses. such liabilities and related legal or other costs could harm our business and results of operations.
our facilities are heavily concentrated in florida and texas, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, public health, environmental and competitive conditions and changes in those states.
we operated 182 hospitals at december 31, 2021, and 91 of those hospitals are located in florida and texas. our florida and texas facilities' combined revenues represented 49% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021. this geographic concentration makes us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, public health, environmental and competitive conditions in those states. any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, public health, environmental or competitive conditions in those states could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results.
in addition, our hospitals in florida, texas and other coastal states are located in hurricane-prone areas. in the past, hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in florida, texas and other coastal states and the patient populations in those states. global climate change could also increase the intensity or frequency of hurricanes in those regions. our business activities could be harmed by a particularly active hurricane season or even a single storm, and the property insurance we obtain may not be adequate to cover losses from future hurricanes or other natural disasters.
global climate change presents both immediate and long-term physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions) and risks associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy (such as regulatory or technology changes). these changes could result in, for example, temporary declines in the number of patients seeking our services, closures of our hospitals and related facilities, and supply chain disruptions, as well as increased costs of products, commodities and energy (including utilities), and disruptions in our information systems, which in turn could negatively impact our business and results of operations. in addition, certain of our operations and facilities are located in regions that may be disproportionately impacted by the physical risks of climate change (including hurricanes and flooding), and we face the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to our
hospitals and related facilities and business interruptions caused by such events. we maintain property insurance coverage to address the impact of physical damage to our facilities and for business interruption losses. however, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses and we may experience a material, adverse effect on our results of operations that is not recoverable through our insurance policies. additionally, if we experience a significant increase in climate-related events that result in material losses we may be unable to obtain similar levels of property insurance coverage in the future. in addition, changes in consumer preferences and additional legislation and regulatory requirements, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, may increase costs associated with compliance, the operation of our facilities and supplies. regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and energy inputs may also increase in coming years, which may adversely impact us through increased compliance costs for us and our suppliers and vendors.
there is a trend in the health care industry toward value-based purchasing of health care services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. governmental programs including medicare currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition, medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events (also called "never events"), and federal law prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat hacs. the 25% of hospitals with the worst risk-adjusted hac scores in the designated performance period receive a 1% reduction in their inpatient pps medicare payments the following year.
hospitals with excess readmission rates for conditions designated by cms receive a reduction in their inpatient pps operating medicare payments for all medicare inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excess readmission standard. the reduction in payments to hospitals with excess readmissions can be up to 3% of a hospital's base payments.
cms has implemented a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services that reduces inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by 2% in each federal fiscal year. cms pools the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by cms. cms scores each hospital based on achievement (relative to other hospitals) and improvement (relative to the hospital's own past performance). hospitals that meet or exceed the quality performance standards will receive greater reimbursement under the value-based purchasing program than they would have otherwise. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, cms is applying a measure suppression policy to certain hospital quality measurement and value-based purchasing programs. the policy is intended to ensure that these programs neither reward nor penalize hospitals based on circumstances caused by the phe that the measures were not designed to accommodate.
cms has developed several alternative payment models that are intended to reduce costs and improve quality of care for medicare beneficiaries and has signaled its intent to have states apply similar strategies in the medicaid context. examples of alternative payment models include bundled payment models in which, depending on whether overall cms spending per episode exceeds or falls below a target specified by cms and whether quality standards are met, hospitals may receive supplemental medicare payments or owe repayments to cms. generally, participation in bundled payment programs is voluntary, but cms currently requires hospitals in selected markets to participate in a bundled payment initiative for specified orthopedic procedures and in a model for end-stage renal disease treatment. in addition, cms will require certain hospitals to participate in a radiation oncology model beginning as early as january 1, 2023. cms has indicated that it is developing more voluntary and mandatory bundled payment models. participation in mandatory or voluntary demonstration projects, particularly demonstrations with the potential to affect payment, may negatively impact our results of operations.
in october 2021, the cms innovation center released an outline of its strategy for the next decade, noting the need to accelerate the movement to value-based care and drive broader system transformation. by 2030, the
cms innovation center aims to have all fee-for-service medicare beneficiaries and the vast majority of medicaid beneficiaries in an accountable care relationship with providers who are responsible for quality and total medical costs. the cms innovation center signaled its intent to streamline its payment models and to increase provider participation through implementation of more mandatory models.
there are also several state-driven value-based care initiatives. for example, some states have aligned quality metrics across payers through legislation or regulation. some private third-party payers are also transitioning toward alternative payment models or implementing other value-based care strategies. for example, many large private third-party payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several private third-party payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events. further, we have implemented a policy pursuant to which we do not bill patients or third-party payers for fees or expenses incurred due to certain preventable adverse events.
we expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. it is unclear whether these and other alternative payment models will successfully coordinate care and reduce costs or whether they will decrease aggregate reimbursement. we are unable at this time to predict our future payments or whether we will be subject to payment reductions under these programs or how this trend will affect our results of operations. if we are unable to meet or exceed the quality performance standards under any applicable value-based purchasing program, perform at a level below the outcomes demonstrated by our competitors, or otherwise fail to effectively provide or coordinate the efficient delivery of quality health care services, our reputation in the industry may be negatively impacted, we may receive reduced reimbursement amounts and we may owe repayments to payers, causing our revenues to decline.
risks related to macroeconomic conditions:
the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, economic conditions in the united states. budget deficits at federal, state and local government entities have had a negative impact on spending, and may continue to negatively impact spending for health and human service programs, including medicare, medicaid and similar programs, which represent significant third-party payer sources for our hospitals. we anticipate that the federal deficit, the growing magnitude of medicare and medicaid expenditures and the aging of the u.s. population will continue to place pressure on government health care programs. other risks we face during periods of economic weakness and high unemployment include potential declines in the population covered under managed care agreements, increased patient decisions to postpone or cancel elective and nonemergency health care procedures (including delaying surgical procedures), which may lead to poorer health and higher acuity interventions, potential increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations, increased adoption of health plan structures that shift financial responsibility to patients and further difficulties in collecting patient receivables for copayment and deductible receivables.
we are exposed to market risk related to changes in the market values of securities and interest rates.
we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. the covid-19 pandemic has increased volatility of the capital and credit markets and has adversely impacted economic conditions. the investment securities held by our insurance subsidiaries were $541 million at december 31, 2021. these investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2021, we had a net unrealized gain of $16 million on the insurance subsidiaries' investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investment securities of our insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the insurance subsidiaries
require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize credit-related impairments on long-term investments in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates that impact the amount of the interest expense we incur with respect to our floating rate obligations as well as the value of certain investments. we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates.
in january 2018, the board of directors initiated a cash dividend program under which the company commenced a regular quarterly cash dividend. however, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the company took the precautionary step to enhance its financial flexibility by suspending its quarterly dividend program in the second quarter of 2020. in february 2021, the board of directors approved the resumption of the company's quarterly cash dividend program following evaluation of the company's financial position. during 2021, the board of directors declared four quarterly dividends of $0.48 per share, or $1.92 per share in the aggregate, on our common stock. on january 26, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.56 per share on our common stock payable on march 31, 2022 to stockholders of record at the close of business on march 17, 2022.
the declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and our agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends. our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash flows from operations, our available capital and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets as well as our results of operations, financial condition and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. a reduction in or suspension or elimination of our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price.
on november 17, 2006, hca inc. was acquired by a private investor group, including affiliates of hca founder, dr. thomas f. frist, jr. and certain other investors. through their investment in hercules holding ii and other holdings, certain of the frist-affiliated investors continue to hold a significant interest in our outstanding common stock (approximately 23% as of january 31, 2022). in addition, pursuant to a shareholders agreement we entered into with hercules holding ii and the frist-affiliated investors, certain representatives of these investors have the continued right to nominate certain of the members of our board of directors. as a result, certain of these investors potentially have the ability to influence our decisions to enter into corporate transactions (and the terms thereof) and prevent changes in the composition of our board of directors or any transaction that requires stockholder approval.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the accompanying consolidated financial statements present certain information with respect to the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of hca healthcare, inc. which should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis. the terms "hca," "company," "we," "our," or "us," as used herein, refer to hca healthcare, inc. and its affiliates. the term "affiliates" means direct and indirect subsidiaries of hca healthcare, inc. and partnerships and joint ventures in which such subsidiaries are partners.
forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes certain disclosures that contain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements include statements regarding expected share-based compensation expense, expected capital expenditures, expected dividends, expected share repurchases, expected net claim payments and all other statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words like "may," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan," "initiative" or "continue." these forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown uncertainties and risks, many of which are beyond our control, which could significantly affect current plans and expectations and our future financial position and results of operations. these factors include, but are not limited to, (1) developments related to covid-19, including, without limitation, the length and severity of the pandemic and the spread of virus strains with new epidemiological characteristics; the volume of canceled or rescheduled procedures and the volume of covid-19 patients cared for across our health systems; measures we are taking to respond to the covid-19 pandemic; the impact and terms of government and administrative regulation and stimulus and relief measures (including the families first coronavirus response act, the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security ("cares") act, the paycheck protection program and health care enhancement act, the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, the american rescue plan act of 2021 ("arpa") and other enacted and potential future legislation) and whether various stimulus and relief programs continue or new similar programs are enacted in the future; changes in revenues due to declining patient volumes, changes in payer mix and deteriorating macroeconomic conditions (including increases in uninsured and underinsured patients); potential increased expenses related to labor, supply chain or other expenditures; workforce disruptions, including the impact of any current or future vaccine mandates; supply shortages and disruptions; and the timing, availability and adoption of effective medical treatments and vaccines (including boosters), (2) the impact of our substantial indebtedness and the ability to refinance such indebtedness on acceptable terms, as well as risks associated with disruptions in the financial markets and the business of financial institutions as the result of the covid-19 pandemic, which could impact us from a financial perspective, (3) the impact of current and future federal and state health reform initiatives and possible changes to other federal, state or local laws and regulations affecting the health care industry, including, but not limited to, the patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (collectively, the "affordable care act"), and the effects of additional changes to the affordable care act, its implementation, or interpretation (including through executive orders and court challenges), and proposals to expand coverage of federally-funded insurance programs as an alternative to private insurance or establish a single-payer system (such reforms often referred to as "medicare for all"), and also including any such laws or governmental regulations which are adopted in response to the covid-19 pandemic, (4) the effects related to the implementation of sequestration spending reductions required under the budget control act of 2011, related legislation extending these reductions, and those required under the pay-as-you-go act of 2010 ("paygo act") as a result of the federal budget deficit impact of the arpa, and the potential for future deficit reduction legislation that may alter these spending reductions, which include cuts to medicare payments, or
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
create additional spending reductions, (5) increases in the amount and risk of collectability of uninsured accounts and deductibles and copayment amounts for insured accounts, (6) the ability to achieve operating and financial targets, and attain expected levels of patient volumes and control the costs of providing services, (7) possible changes in medicare, medicaid and other state programs, including medicaid supplemental payment programs or medicaid waiver programs, that may impact reimbursements to health care providers and insurers and the size of the uninsured or underinsured population, (8) increases in wages and the ability to attract and retain qualified management and personnel, including affiliated physicians, nurses and medical and technical support personnel, (9) the highly competitive nature of the health care business, (10) changes in service mix, revenue mix and surgical volumes, including potential declines in the population covered under third-party payer agreements, the ability to enter into and renew third-party payer provider agreements on acceptable terms and the impact of consumer-driven health plans and physician utilization trends and practices, (11) the efforts of health insurers, health care providers, large employer groups and others to contain health care costs, (12) the outcome of our continuing efforts to monitor, maintain and comply with appropriate laws, regulations, policies and procedures, (13) the availability and terms of capital to fund the expansion of our business and improvements to our existing facilities, (14) changes in accounting practices, (15) changes in general economic conditions nationally and regionally in our markets, including inflation and economic and business conditions (and the impact thereof on the economy, financial markets and banking industry) resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, (16) the emergence of and effects related to other pandemics, epidemics and infectious diseases, (17) future divestitures which may result in charges and possible impairments of long-lived assets, (18) changes in business strategy or development plans, (19) delays in receiving payments for services provided, (20) the outcome of pending and any future tax audits, disputes and litigation associated with our tax positions, (21) potential adverse impact of known and unknown government investigations, litigation and other claims that may be made against us, (22) the impact of potential cybersecurity incidents or security breaches, (23) our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record ("ehr") technology and the impact of interoperability requirements, (24) the impact of natural disasters, such as hurricanes and floods, or similar events beyond our control, (25) changes in u.s. federal, state, or foreign tax laws including interpretive guidance that may be issued by taxing authorities or other standard setting bodies, and (26) other risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k. as a consequence, current plans, anticipated actions and future financial position and results of operations may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of hca. you are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in this report, which forward-looking statements reflect management's views only as of the date of this report. we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
covid-19 pandemic on march 11, 2020, the world health organization designated covid-19 as a global pandemic. patient volumes and the related revenues for most of our services were significantly impacted during the latter portion of the first quarter and the first half of the second quarter of 2020 and have continued to be impacted as various policies were implemented by federal, state and local governments in response to the covid-19 pandemic. during the second quarter of 2021, our patient volumes improved as the effects of the pandemic moderated and certain pandemic-related restrictions and policies were eased. for the remainder of 2021, our patient volumes exhibited consistent growth over the prior year, with the exception of inpatient surgeries, and included a resurgence of covid-19 admissions and the re-imposition of pandemic-related restrictions in certain markets. we believe the extent of the covid-19 pandemic's impact on our operating results and financial condition has
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
been and will continue to be driven by many factors, most of which are beyond our control and ability to forecast. because of these uncertainties, we cannot estimate how long or to what extent the pandemic will impact our operations.
2021 operations summary net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc. totaled $6.956 billion, or $21.16 per diluted share, for 2021, compared to $3.754 billion, or $10.93 per diluted share, for 2020. the 2021 results include gains on sales of facilities of $1.620 billion, or $3.69 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $12 million, or $0.03 per diluted share. the 2020 results include losses on sales of facilities of $7 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $295 million, or $0.66 per diluted share. the 2020 results also include $60 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, of employee retention payroll tax credits, as provided for by the cares act. revenues for 2021 and 2020, respectively, include $33 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, and $55 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, related to the settlement of medicare outlier calculations for prior periods. revenues for 2020 also include $69 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, related to the resolution of transaction price differences regarding certain services performed in prior periods. during 2021 and 2020, we recorded reductions to the provision for professional liability risks of $87 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, and $112 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, respectively. our provisions for income taxes for 2021 and 2020 include tax benefits of $119 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, and $92 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. all "per diluted share" disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 328.752 million shares and 343.605 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. during 2021, we repurchased 37.812 million shares of our common stock.
revenues increased to $58.752 billion for 2021 from $51.533 billion for 2020. revenues increased 14.0% and 14.4%, respectively, on a consolidated basis and on a same facility basis for 2021, compared to 2020. the consolidated revenues increase can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 6.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 6.8% increase in equivalent admissions. the same facility revenues increase resulted primarily from the combined impact of a 6.3% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 7.6% increase in equivalent admissions.
during 2021, consolidated admissions increased 4.0% and same facility admissions increased 4.8%, compared to 2020. inpatient surgical volumes declined 0.1% on a consolidated basis and increased 0.4% on a same facility basis during 2021, compared to 2020. outpatient surgical volumes increased 14.2% on a consolidated basis and increased 14.1% on a same facility basis during 2021, compared to 2020. emergency room visits increased 13.8% on a consolidated basis and increased 15.1% on a same facility basis during 2021, compared to 2020.
the estimated cost of total uncompensated care declined $133 million for 2021, compared to 2020. consolidated and same facility uninsured admissions declined 4.4% and 3.5%, respectively, and consolidated and same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 7.8% and 6.3%, respectively, for 2021, compared to 2020.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
cash flows from operating activities declined $273 million, from $9.232 billion for 2020 to $8.959 billion for 2021. the decline in cash flows from operating activities was related to a negative change in working capital items of $1.781 billion, primarily from an increase in accounts receivable, offset by the increase in net income, excluding the non-cash impact of losses and gains on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and depreciation and amortization.
business strategy we are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. we strive to be the provider system of choice in the communities we serve and to support our operations with unique enterprise capabilities and best-in-class economies of scale. to achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda:
grow our presence in existing markets. we believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. we plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and developing comprehensive service lines such as cardiology, neurology, oncology, orthopedics and women's services. additional components of our growth strategy include providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including, but not limited to surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities, imaging centers and home health and hospice services, as well as seeking to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets.
achieve industry-leading performance in clinical, operational and satisfaction measures. achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business. to achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, hospitalist programs, advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. we routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. we believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency.
recruit and employ physicians to meet the need for high quality health services. we depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. we believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high quality care. we attract and retain physicians by providing high quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology, by expanding our specialty services and by building our outpatient operations. we believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities.
continue to leverage our scale and market positions to grow the company. we believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. we continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. we believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
pursue a disciplined development strategy. we continue to believe there are significant growth opportunities in our markets. we will continue to provide financial and operational resources to analyze and develop our in-market opportunities. to complement our in-market growth agenda, we intend to focus on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities and other health care service providers. we believe the challenges faced by the hospital industry may continue to spur consolidation, and we believe our size, scale, national presence and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenues revenues are recorded during the period the health care services are provided, based upon the estimated amounts due from payers. estimates of contractual allowances under managed care health plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. the estimated reimbursement amounts are made on a payer-specific basis and are recorded based on the best information available regarding management's interpretation of the applicable laws, regulations and contract terms. management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. we have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. we have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems.
patients treated at hospitals for non-elective care, who have income at or below 400% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for charity care, and we limit the patient responsibility amounts for these patients to a percentage of their annual household income, computed on a sliding scale based upon their annual income and the applicable percentage of the federal poverty level. patients treated at hospitals for non-elective care, who have income above 400% of the federal poverty level, are eligible for certain other discounts which limit the patient responsibility amounts for these patients to a percentage of their annual household income, computed on a sliding scale based upon their annual income and the applicable percentage of the federal poverty level. we apply additional discounts to limit patient responsibility for certain emergency services. the federal poverty level is
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
established by the federal government and is based on income and family size. because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. we may attempt to provide assistance to uninsured patients to help determine whether they may qualify for medicaid, other federal or state assistance, or charity care. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied.
implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. estimated implicit price concessions are recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the age of those accounts. accounts are written off when all reasonable collection efforts have been performed. the estimates for implicit price concessions are based upon management's assessment of historical writeoffs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical writeoffs and collections at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and accounts receivable (the "hindsight analysis") as a primary source of information in estimating the collectability of our accounts receivable. we perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. we believe our quarterly updates to the estimated implicit price concession amounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable estimates of our revenues and valuations of our accounts receivable. these routine, quarterly changes in estimates have not resulted in material adjustments to the valuations of our accounts receivable or period-to-period comparisons of our revenues.
to quantify the total impact of and trends related to uninsured patient accounts, we believe it is beneficial to view total uncompensated care, which is comprised of charity care, uninsured discounts and implicit price concessions. a summary of the estimated cost of total uncompensated care for the years ended december 31, follows (dollars in millions):
patient care costs (salaries and benefits, supplies, other operating expenses and depreciation and amortization)         $49,074             $44,271             $44,118
management expects a continuation of the challenges related to the collection of the patient due accounts. adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, general economic conditions, patient accounting service center operations, payer mix, or trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims we, along with virtually all health care providers, operate in an environment with professional liability risks. our facilities are insured by our insurance subsidiary for losses up to $75 million per occurrence, subject, in most cases, to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. the insurance subsidiary has obtained reinsurance for professional liability risks generally above a retention level of either $25 million or $35 million per occurrence, depending on the jurisdiction for the related claim. we purchase excess insurance on an occurrence reported basis for losses in excess of amounts insured by our insurance subsidiary. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $453 million, $435 million and $497 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded reductions to the provision for professional liability risks of $87 million, $112 million and $50 million, respectively, due to the receipt of updated actuarial information.
reserves for professional liability risks represent the estimated ultimate cost of all reported and unreported losses incurred through the respective consolidated balance sheet dates. the estimated ultimate cost includes estimates of direct expenses and fees paid to outside counsel and experts, but does not include the general overhead costs of our insurance subsidiary or corporate office. individual case reserves are established based upon the particular circumstances of each reported claim and represent our estimates of the future costs that will be paid on reported claims. case reserves are reduced as claim payments are made and are adjusted upward or downward as our estimates regarding the amounts of future losses are revised. once the case reserves for known claims are determined, information is stratified by loss layers and retentions, accident years, reported years, and geographic location of our hospitals. several actuarial methods are employed to utilize this data to produce estimates of ultimate losses and reserves for incurred but not reported claims, including: paid and incurred extrapolation methods utilizing paid and incurred loss development to estimate ultimate losses; frequency and severity methods utilizing paid and incurred claims development to estimate ultimate average frequency (number of claims) and ultimate average severity (cost per claim); and bornhuetter-ferguson methods which add expected development to actual paid or incurred experience to estimate ultimate losses. these methods use our company-specific historical claims data and other information. company-specific claim reporting and payment data collected over an approximate 20-year period is used in our reserve estimation process. this company-specific data includes information regarding our business, including historical paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, historical and current case loss reserves, actual and projected hospital statistical data, professional liability retentions for each policy year, geographic information and other data.
reserves and provisions for professional liability risks are based upon actuarially determined estimates. the estimated reserve ranges, net of amounts receivable under reinsurance contracts, were $1.752 billion to $2.098 billion at december 31, 2021 and $1.710 billion to $2.050 billion at december 31, 2020. our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ from expected trends. we perform sensitivity analyses which model the volatility of key actuarial assumptions and monitor our reserves for adequacy relative to all our assumptions in the aggregate. based on our analysis, we believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses. we consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. a 2.5% change in the expected frequency trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $22 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $21 million. a 2.5% change in the expected claim severity trend could be reasonably likely and would increase the reserve estimate by $107 million or reduce the reserve estimate by $98 million. we believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
professional liability claims (continued)
the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.
the reserves for professional liability risks cover approximately 2,100 and 2,300 individual claims at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and estimates for unreported potential claims. the time period required to resolve these claims can vary depending upon the jurisdiction and whether the claim is settled or litigated. the average time period between the occurrence and final resolution for our professional liability claims is approximately four years, although the facts and circumstances of each individual claim can result in an occurrence-to-resolution timeframe that varies from this average. the estimation of the timing of payments beyond a year can vary significantly.
reserves for professional liability risks were $2.022 billion and $1.963 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the current portion of these reserves, $508 million and $477 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in "other accrued expenses." obligations covered by reinsurance and excess insurance contracts are included in the reserves for professional liability risks, as we remain liable to the extent reinsurers and excess insurance carriers do not meet their obligations. reserves for professional liability risks (net of $55 million and $39 million receivable under reinsurance and excess insurance contracts at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively) were $1.967 billion and $1.924 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the estimated total net reserves for professional liability risks at december 31, 2021 and 2020 are comprised of $874 million and $833 million, respectively, of case reserves for known claims and $1.093 billion and $1.091 billion, respectively, of reserves for incurred but not reported claims.
changes in our professional liability reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, for the years ended december 31, are summarized in the following table (dollars in millions):
net reserves for professional liability claims, january 1            $1,924              $1,781              $1,692
net reserves for professional liability claims, december 31          $1,967              $1,924              $1,781
income taxes we calculate our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences that arise from the recognition of items in different periods for tax and accounting purposes. deferred tax assets generally represent the tax effects of amounts expensed in our income statement for which tax deductions will be claimed in future periods. interest
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
and penalties payable to taxing authorities are included as a component of our provision for income taxes. we have elected to treat taxes incurred on global intangible low-taxed income as a period expense.
although we believe we have properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws, federal, state or foreign taxing authorities may challenge our tax positions upon audit. significant judgment is required in determining and assessing the impact of uncertain tax positions. we report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our income tax returns. during each reporting period, we assess the facts and circumstances related to uncertain tax positions. if the realization of unrecognized tax benefits is deemed probable based upon new facts and circumstances, the estimated liability and the provision for income taxes are reduced in the current period. final audit results may vary from our estimates.
results of operations revenue/volume trends our revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charge and negotiated payment rates for such services. gross charges typically do not reflect what our facilities are actually paid. our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges. we do not pursue collection of amounts related to patients who meet our guidelines to qualify for charity care; therefore, they are not reported in revenues. we provide discounts to uninsured patients who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care.
same facility revenues increased 14.4% for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 and declined 0.1% for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019. the 14.4% increase for 2021 can be primarily attributed to the combined impact of a 6.3% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 7.6% increase in equivalent admissions. the 0.1% decline for 2020 can be primarily attributed to the net impact of a 9.3% decline in same facility equivalent admissions offset by a 10.1% increase in same facility revenue per equivalent admission.
consolidated admissions increased 4.0% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 4.7% during 2020 compared to 2019. consolidated surgeries increased 8.9% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 10.9% during 2020 compared to 2019. consolidated emergency room visits increased 13.8% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 18.7% during 2020 compared to 2019.
same facility admissions increased 4.8% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 4.8% during 2020 compared to 2019. same facility surgeries increased 9.0% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 10.7%
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
during 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by the pandemic-related impact on outpatient surgeries. same facility emergency room visits increased 15.1% during 2021 compared to 2020 and declined 18.8% during 2020 compared to 2019. during the second quarter of 2021, our patient volumes improved as the effects of the pandemic moderated and certain pandemic-related restrictions and policies were eased. for the remainder of 2021, our patient volumes exhibited consistent growth over the prior year, with the exception of inpatient surgeries, and included a resurgence of covid-19 admissions.
same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 6.3% and same facility uninsured admissions declined 3.5% during 2021 compared to 2020. same facility uninsured emergency room visits declined 21.0% and same facility uninsured admissions declined 7.0% during 2020 compared to 2019. the decline in uninsured admissions in 2021, compared to 2020, was primarily due to the reimbursement received, as provided for under the families first coronavirus response act and subsequent legislation, for uninsured patients diagnosed with covid-19 and the resulting classification of those patients as an insured admission, as well as general declines in patient volumes resulting from the pandemic's impact on our operations. the decline in uninsured admissions in 2020, compared to 2019, was primarily due to general declines in patient volumes resulting from the pandemic's impact on our operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
at december 31, 2021, we owned and operated 46 hospitals and 30 surgery centers in the state of florida. our florida facilities' revenues totaled $13.670 billion, $11.442 billion and $11.494 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. at december 31, 2021, we owned and operated 45 hospitals and 35 surgery centers in the state of texas. our texas facilities' revenues totaled $15.344 billion, $13.528 billion and $13.101 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, 56% of our admissions for each year and 49%, 49% and 48%, respectively, of our revenues were generated by our florida and texas facilities. uninsured admissions in florida and texas represented 72% of our uninsured admissions each year during 2021, 2020 and 2019.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues from government health programs, principally medicare and medicaid, which are highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. in december 2017, the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") announced that it would phase out federal matching funds for designated state health programs under waivers granted under section 1115 of the social security act. the texas healthcare transformation and quality improvement program ("texas waiver program") currently operates pursuant to a medicaid waiver. without an extension, the waiver would expire september 30, 2022. while the lawsuit is pending, the texas health and human services commission ("texas hhsc") has re-submitted its application to extend the texas waiver program. our texas medicaid revenues included medicaid supplemental waiver payments of $534 million, $599 million and $416 million during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. additionally, the texas hhsc's proposed directed payment program has not yet been renewed for the current program year that began september 1, 2021. our supplemental medicaid revenues from the directed payment program have been, and will continue to be, negatively impacted until the texas hhsc and cms finalize certain components of the program.
in addition, we receive supplemental payments in several other states. we are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by cms and certain state agencies, and that some states have made waiver requests to cms to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. it is possible these reviews and waiver requests will result in the restructuring of such supplemental payment programs and could result in the payment programs being reduced or eliminated. because deliberations about these programs are ongoing, we are unable to estimate the financial impact the program structure modifications, if any, may have on our results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
salaries and benefits                                          26,779               45.6                23,874               46.3                23,560               45.9
equity in earnings of affiliates                                 (113   )           (0.2   )               (54   )           (0.1   )               (43   )           (0.1   )
losses (gains) on sales of facilities                          (1,620   )           (2.8   )                 7                  -                   (18   )              -
same facility % changes from prior year(c):
(a)   represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
(c)   same facility information excludes the operations of hospitals and their related facilities that were either acquired, divested or removed from service during the current and prior year.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
number of hospitals at end of period                                                   182                     185                     184
emergency room visits(i)                                                         8,475,345               7,450,307               9,161,129
(b)   licensed beds are those beds for which a facility has been granted approval to operate from the applicable state licensing agency.
(d)   represents the total number of patients admitted to our hospitals and is used by management and certain investors as a general measure of inpatient volume.
(f)   represents the average number of days admitted patients stay in our hospitals.
(g)   represents the average number of patients in our hospital beds each day.
(h)   represents the percentage of hospital beds in service that are occupied by patients. both average daily census and occupancy rate provide measures of the utilization of inpatient rooms.
(j)   represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who were not admitted to our hospitals. pain management and endoscopy procedures are not included in outpatient surgeries.
(k)   represents the number of surgeries performed on patients who have been admitted to our hospitals. pain management and endoscopy procedures are not included in inpatient surgeries.
(m)   represents the percentage of patient revenues related to patients who are not admitted to our hospitals.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
key performance indicators we present certain metrics and statistical information that management uses when assessing our results of operations. we believe this information is useful to investors as it provides insight to how management evaluates operational performance and trends between reporting periods. information on how these metrics and statistical information are defined is provided in the previous tables summarizing operating results and operating data.
net income attributable to hca healthcare, inc. totaled $6.956 billion, or $21.16 per diluted share, for 2021, compared to $3.754 billion, or $10.93 per diluted share, for 2020. the 2021 results include gains on sales of facilities of $1.620 billion, or $3.69 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $12 million, or $0.03 per diluted share. the 2020 results include losses on sales of facilities of $7 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, and losses on retirement of debt of $295 million, or $0.66 per diluted share. the 2020 results also include $60 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, of employee retention payroll tax credits, as provided for by the cares act. revenues for 2021 and 2020, respectively, include $33 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, and $55 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, related to the settlement of medicare outlier calculations for prior periods. revenues for 2020 also include $69 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, related to the resolution of transaction price differences regarding certain services performed in prior periods. during 2021 and 2020, we recorded reductions to the provision for professional liability risks of $87 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, and $112 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, respectively. our provisions for income taxes for 2021 and 2020 include tax benefits of $119 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, and $92 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. all "per diluted share" disclosures are based upon amounts net of the applicable income taxes. shares used for diluted earnings per share were 328.752 million shares and 343.605 million shares for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. during 2021, we repurchased 37.812 million shares of our common stock.
during 2021, consolidated admissions increased 4.0% and same facility admissions increased 4.8% compared to 2020. consolidated inpatient surgeries declined 0.1% and same facility inpatient surgeries increased 0.4% during 2021 compared to 2020. emergency room visits increased 13.8% on a consolidated basis and increased 15.1% on a same facility basis during 2021 compared to 2020.
revenues increased 14.0% to $58.752 billion for 2021 from $51.533 billion for 2020. the increase in revenues was primarily due to the combined impact of a 6.8% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 6.8% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2020. same facility revenues increased 14.4% due primarily to the combined impact of a 6.3% increase in revenue per equivalent admission and a 7.6% increase in equivalent admissions compared to 2020.
salaries and benefits, as a percentage of revenues, were 45.6% in 2021 and 46.3% in 2020. salaries and benefits per equivalent admission increased 5.1% in 2021 compared to 2020. same facility labor rate increases averaged 7.5% for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to an increased utilization of contract, overtime and other premium rate labor costs during 2021 to support our clinical staff and address the surges of covid-19 cases during 2021. share-based compensation expense was $440 million in 2021 and $362 million in 2020.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
medical devices, 6.6% for pharmacy supplies and 8.4% for general medical and surgical items in 2021 compared to 2020. the increase in pharmacy supplies is primarily related to covid-19 therapies used in the surges of covid-19 cases during 2021, and the increase in general medical and surgical items is primarily related to increased utilization of ppe and covid-19 testing supplies.
other operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, were 17.0% in 2021 and 18.1% in 2020. other operating expenses are primarily comprised of contract services, professional fees, repairs and maintenance, rents and leases, utilities, insurance (including professional liability insurance) and nonincome taxes. provisions for losses related to professional liability risks were $453 million and $435 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. during 2021 and 2020, we recorded reductions of $87 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, and $112 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, respectively, to our provision for professional liability risks related to the receipt of updated actuarial information.
equity in earnings of affiliates was $113 million for 2021 and $54 million for 2020. the $59 million increase relates primarily to improved operating results of three equity method investments (two physician practices and a freestanding surgery center).
depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of revenues, were 4.9% in 2021 and 5.3% in 2020. depreciation expense was $2.826 billion for 2021 and $2.693 billion for 2020. the increase of $133 million in depreciation expense relates primarily to capital expenditures at our existing facilities (same facility depreciation expense increased $128 million).
gains on sales of facilities were $1.620 billion for 2021, and losses on sales of facilities were $7 million for 2020. the gains on sales of facilities for 2021 are primarily related to the sales of five hospitals in georgia and other health care entity investments.
during june 2021, we issued $2.350 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes comprised of $850 million aggregate principal amount of 2 3/8% notes due 2031 and $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 3 1/2% notes due 2051 (the "june 2021 notes"). we also amended and restated our senior secured revolving credit facility and our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, including increasing availability under the asset-based revolving credit facility to $4.500 billion, extending the maturity date on both facilities to june 30, 2026 and entering into $2.000 billion of new term loan facilities (the "credit agreement transactions"). we used the net proceeds from the june 2021 notes and the credit agreement transactions to retire $3.657 billion of term loan facilities. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $12 million. during february 2020, we issued $2.700 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.50% senior unsecured notes due 2030. during march 2020, we used the net proceeds for the redemption of all $1.000 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of hca healthcare, inc.'s 6.25% senior notes due 2021 and, together with available funds, for the redemption of all $2.000 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of hca inc.'s 7.50% senior notes due 2022. the pretax loss on retirement of debt was $295 million.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the effective tax rates were 23.3% and 21.7% for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the effective tax rate computations exclude net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as it relates to consolidated partnerships. our provisions for income taxes for 2021 and 2020 include tax benefits of $119 million and $92 million, respectively, related to employee equity award settlements. excluding the effect of these adjustments, the effective tax rates for 2021 and 2020 would have been 24.6% and 23.7%, respectively.
for results of operations comparisons relating to years ending december 31, 2020 and 2019, refer to our annual report on form 10-k, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 19, 2021.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements are paying our operating expenses, servicing our debt, capital expenditures on our existing properties, acquisitions of hospitals and health care entities, repurchases of our common stock, dividends to stockholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests. our primary cash sources are cash flows from operating activities, issuances of debt and equity securities and sales of hospitals and health care entities.
cash provided by operating activities totaled $8.959 billion in 2021 compared to $9.232 billion in 2020 and $7.602 billion in 2019. the $273 million decline in cash provided by operating activities for 2021, compared to 2020, was related to a negative change in working capital items of $1.781 billion, primarily from an increase in accounts receivable, offset by the increase in net income, excluding the non-cash impact of losses and gains on sales of facilities, losses on retirement of debt and depreciation and amortization. the $1.630 billion increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2020, compared to 2019, was primarily related to the increase in net income, excluding losses and gains on sales of facilities and losses on retirement of debt, of $330 million and positive changes in working capital items of $1.366 billion, primarily from the increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and the collection of accounts receivable. during 2020, we deferred $688 million of social security taxes as allowed for under the cares act. half of these taxes were paid in january 2022 and the remainder will be paid in 2023. working capital totaled $3.960 billion at december 31, 2021 and $3.629 billion at december 31, 2020. cash payments for interest and income taxes increased $1.075 billion for 2021 compared to 2020 and declined $154 million for 2020 compared to 2019.
cash used in investing activities was $2.643 billion, $3.393 billion and $5.720 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. excluding acquisitions, capital expenditures were $3.577 billion in 2021, $2.835 billion in 2020 and $4.158 billion in 2019. we expended $1.105 billion, $568 million and $1.682 billion for acquisitions of hospitals and health care entities during 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. in response to the risks the covid-19 pandemic presents to our business, we reduced certain planned projects and capital expenditures during 2020. planned capital expenditures are expected to approximate $4.2 billion in 2022. at december 31, 2021, there were projects under construction which had an estimated additional cost to complete and equip over
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
the next five years of approximately $4.239 billion. we expect to finance capital expenditures with internally generated and borrowed funds. sales of hospitals and health care entities increased $2.092 billion for 2021, compared to 2020, primarily related to the proceeds from our sales of five hospitals in georgia and other health care entity investments.
cash used in financing activities totaled $6.655 billion in 2021, $4.677 billion in 2020 and $1.771 billion in 2019. during 2021, we had a net increase of $3.255 billion in our indebtedness, paid dividends of $624 million and paid $8.215 billion for repurchases of common stock. during 2020, we made net payments of $3.217 billion related to our indebtedness, paid dividends of $153 million and paid $441 million for repurchases of our common stock. during 2019, we had a net increase of $567 million in our indebtedness, paid dividends of $550 million and paid $1.031 billion for repurchases of our common stock. during 2021, 2020 and 2019, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $749 million, $626 million and $542 million, respectively.
we, or our affiliates, may in the future repurchase portions of our debt or equity securities, subject to certain limitations, from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable sec and other legal requirements. the timing, prices, and sizes of purchases depend upon prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors, including applicable securities laws.
during january 2020 and 2019, our board of directors authorized share repurchase programs for up to $4 billion ($2 billion for each authorization) of our outstanding common stock. during february 2021, our board of directors authorized an additional $6 billion for share repurchases of the company's outstanding common stock. the january 2020 and 2019 authorizations were completed during 2021, and at december 31, 2021, there was $586 million of share repurchase authorization that remained available under the february 2021 authorization. during january 2022, our board of directors authorized an additional $8 billion for share repurchases of the company's outstanding common stock. funds for the repurchase of debt or equity securities have, and are expected to, come primarily from cash generated from operations and borrowed funds.
during 2021, our board of directors declared four quarterly dividends of $0.48 per share, or $1.92 per share in the aggregate, on our common stock. on january 26, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.56 per share on our common stock payable on march 31, 2022 to stockholders of record at the close of business on march 17, 2022. the timing and amount of future cash dividends will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, share repurchases and investing in our existing markets, the availability of financing on acceptable terms, debt service requirements, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determinations by our board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of stockholders and are in compliance with all applicable laws and agreements of the company.
in addition to cash flows from operations, available sources of capital include amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities ($3.640 billion as of december 31, 2021 and $3.258 billion as of january 31, 2022) and anticipated access to public and private debt and equity markets.
investments of our insurance subsidiaries, held to maintain statutory equity levels and to provide liquidity to pay claims, totaled $541 million and $504 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the insurance subsidiary maintained net reserves for professional liability risks of $154 million and $188 million at
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our facilities are insured by our insurance subsidiary for losses up to $75 million per occurrence; however, this coverage is subject, in most cases, to a $15 million per occurrence self-insured retention. net reserves for the self-insured professional liability risks retained were $1.813 billion and $1.736 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. claims payments, net of reinsurance recoveries, during the next 12 months are expected to approximate $497 million. we estimate that approximately $448 million of the expected net claim payments during the next 12 months will relate to claims subject to the self-insured retention.
financing activities we are a highly leveraged company with significant debt service requirements. our debt totaled $34.579 billion and $31.004 billion at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our interest expense was $1.566 billion for 2021 and $1.584 billion for 2020.
during june 2021, we issued $2.350 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes comprised of $850 million aggregate principal amount of 2 3/8% notes due 2031 and $1.500 billion aggregate principal amount of 3 1/2% notes due 2051 (the "june 2021 notes"). we also amended and restated our senior secured revolving credit facility and our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, including increasing availability under the asset-based revolving credit facility to $4.500 billion, extending the maturity date on both facilities to june 30, 2026 and entering into $2.000 billion of new term loan facilities (the "credit agreement transactions"). we used the net proceeds from the june 2021 notes and the credit agreement transactions to retire $3.657 billion of term loan facilities.
management believes that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.
summarized financial information hca inc., a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of hca healthcare, inc., is the primary obligor under a substantial portion of our indebtedness, including our senior secured credit facilities, senior secured notes and senior unsecured notes. the senior secured notes and senior unsecured notes issued by hca inc. are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by hca healthcare, inc. the senior secured credit facilities and senior secured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by substantially all existing and future, direct and indirect, 100% owned material domestic subsidiaries that are "unrestricted subsidiaries" under our indenture dated december 16, 1993 (except for certain special purpose subsidiaries that only guarantee and pledge their assets under our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility). for a list of subsidiary guarantors, see exhibit 22 to this annual report on form 10-k.
the subsidiary guarantees rank senior in right of payment to all subordinated indebtedness of each subsidiary guarantor, equally in right of payment with all senior indebtedness of the subsidiary guarantor and are structurally subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any non-guarantor subsidiaries of the subsidiary guarantors (other than indebtedness and liabilities owed to one of the subsidiary guarantors). the subsidiary guarantees are secured by first-priority liens on the subsidiary guarantors' assets, subject to certain exceptions, that secure our senior secured cash flow credit facility on a first-priority basis. the
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
subsidiary guarantees are secured by second-priority liens on the subsidiary guarantors' assets that secure our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility on a first-priority basis and our senior secured cash flow credit facility on a second-priority basis.
the subsidiary guarantees may be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon certain customary events, including in the event such guarantee is released under our senior secured credit facilities. the indentures governing the senior secured notes include a "savings clause" intended to limit each subsidiary guarantor's obligations as necessary to prevent the guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law, which could reduce a subsidiary guarantor's liability on its guarantee to zero. for further information regarding the guarantees, refer to the applicable indentures that are filed as exhibits to this annual report on form 10-k.
summarized financial information is presented on a combined basis and transactions between the combining entities have been eliminated. financial information for nonguarantor entities has been excluded. the summarized operating results information for the year ended december 31, 2021 and the summarized balance sheet information at december 31, 2021, for hca healthcare, inc., hca inc. and the subsidiary guarantors (the parent, subsidiary issuer and subsidiary guarantors) follow (dollars in millions):
current liabilities                                                                                       5,697
income taxes and other liabilities                                                                        1,053
total noncurrent liabilities                                                                             38,912
stockholders' deficit attributable to parent, subsidiary issuer and subsidiary guarantors               (14,124   )
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources (continued)
the first-priority liens securing the subsidiary guarantees discussed above include liens on (i) substantially all of the capital stock of substantially all wholly owned first-tier subsidiaries of hca inc. or of subsidiary guarantors (but limited to 65% of the stock of any such wholly owned first-tier subsidiary that is a foreign subsidiary), subject to certain limited exceptions, and (ii) substantially all indebtedness owing to hca inc. or to the subsidiary guarantors, including any and all intercompany indebtedness owed by hca healthcare, inc. or any subsidiary thereof to hca inc., or any subsidiary guarantor. for a list of affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes, see exhibit 22 to this annual report on form 10-k.
under the first lien intercreditor agreement, the administrative agent for the lenders under the cash flow credit facility, subject to the occurrence of certain events, has the exclusive right to direct foreclosures and take other actions with respect to these liens, and the trustee for the senior secured notes has no right to take any such actions. in certain circumstances, including upon certain events of default under the senior secured credit facilities and the senior secured notes, the collateral agent in respect of the cash flow credit facility and the senior secured notes could proceed against the collateral granted to it to secure such indebtedness, including the aforementioned pledged capital stock and pledged indebtedness, and require such collateral to be delivered to the collateral agent to the extent not already in its possession for purposes of perfecting the lien on such assets. for further information regarding the collateral, including events or circumstances that may require delivery of the collateral, refer to the applicable indentures, the first lien intercreditor agreement, the cash flow credit agreement and the pledge agreement that are filed as exhibits to this annual report on form 10-k.
there is no trading market for any of hca healthcare, inc.'s affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes.
rule 13-02 of regulation s-x requires the presentation of summarized financial information of the combined affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes unless such information is not material. the rule provides that such information is not material if the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the combined affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements of the registrant. healthtrust, inc. - the hospital company ("healthtrust") is the first-tier subsidiary of hca inc., and the common stock of healthtrust is pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes. due to the corporate structure relationship of hca healthcare, inc. and healthtrust, all of hca healthcare, inc.'s operating subsidiaries, including all other affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes, are also subsidiaries of healthtrust. the corporate structure relationship, combined with the application of push-down accounting in healthtrust's consolidated financial statements related to hca healthcare inc.'s debt and financial instruments, mean that the assets, liabilities and results of operations of healthtrust (and, therefore, of the combined affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes) are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the financial statements of hca healthcare, inc. as a result, summarized financial information of affiliates whose securities are pledged as collateral for the senior secured notes is not required to be presented under rule 13-02.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. our insurance subsidiaries held $541 million of investment securities at december 31, 2021. these investments are carried at fair value, with changes in unrealized gains and losses being recorded as adjustments to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2021, we had a net unrealized gain of $16 million on the insurance subsidiaries' investment securities.
we are exposed to market risk related to market illiquidity. investments in debt and equity securities of our insurance subsidiaries could be impaired by the inability to access the capital markets. should the insurance subsidiaries require significant amounts of cash in excess of normal cash requirements to pay claims and other expenses on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them at a price less than what we might otherwise have been able to in a normal market environment. we may be required to recognize credit-related impairments on our investment securities in future periods should issuers default on interest payments or should the fair market valuations of the securities deteriorate due to ratings downgrades or other issue-specific factors.
we are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of fixed and variable rate interest payments between two parties, based on common notional principal amounts and maturity dates. the notional amounts of the swap agreements represent balances used to calculate the exchange of cash flows and are not our assets or liabilities. our credit risk related to these agreements is considered low because the swap agreements are with creditworthy financial institutions. the interest payments under these agreements are settled on a net basis. these derivatives have been recognized in the financial statements at their respective fair values. changes in the fair value of these derivatives, which are designated as cash flow hedges, are included in other comprehensive income.
with respect to our interest-bearing liabilities, approximately $4.240 billion of long-term debt at december 31, 2021 was subject to variable rates of interest, while the remaining balance in long-term debt of $30.339 billion at december 31, 2021 was subject to fixed rates of interest. both the general level of interest rates and, for the senior secured credit facilities, our leverage affect our variable interest rates. our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at our option, either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the higher of (1) the federal funds rate plus 0.50% and (2) the prime rate of bank of america or (b) a libor rate for the currency of such borrowing for the relevant interest period. the applicable margin for borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities may fluctuate according to a leverage ratio. the average effective interest rate for our long-term debt was 4.9% for 2021 and 5.0% for 2020.
the estimated fair value of our total long-term debt was $38.541 billion at december 31, 2021. the estimates of fair value are based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues of long-term debt with the same maturities. based on a hypothetical 1% increase in interest rates, the potential annualized reduction to future pretax earnings would be approximately $42 million. to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates, we generally target a majority of our debt portfolio to be maintained at fixed rates.
we are exposed to currency translation risk related to our foreign operations. we currently do not consider the market risk related to foreign currency translation to be material to our consolidated financial statements or our liquidity.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial instruments derivative financial instruments are employed to manage risks, including interest rate exposures, and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. we recognize derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap agreements, in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized periodically either in earnings or in stockholders' equity, as a component of other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative financial instrument qualifies for hedge accounting, and if so, whether it qualifies as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. gains and losses on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, to the extent they are effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified to earnings to offset the impact of the hedged items when they occur.
tax examinations the internal revenue service ("irs") was conducting an examination of the company's 2016, 2017 and 2018 federal income tax returns and the 2019 return for one affiliated partnership at december 31, 2021. we are also subject to examination by state and foreign taxing authorities. management believes hca healthcare, inc., its predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates properly reported taxable income and paid taxes in accordance with applicable laws and agreements established with the irs, state and foreign taxing authorities, and final resolution of any disputes will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. however, if payments due upon final resolution of any issues exceed our recorded estimates, such resolutions could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.