item 1a. risk factors risks related to our operations widespread health developments and economic uncertainty resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by the response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic in countries where we operate or our customers and suppliers are located, due to recommendations or mandates from governmental and local authorities to require vaccinations, close businesses, limit travel, avoid large gatherings or self-quarantine, as well as temporary closures or decreased operations of the facilities of our customers, distributors or suppliers. these impacts include, but are not limited to:
•significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, as a result of, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions, store closures, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar activity, reduced options for marketing and promotion of products or other restrictions in connection with the covid-19 pandemic; such impacts could further increase the difficulty of operating our business during the pandemic, including accurately planning and forecasting customer demand;
•inability to meet our consumers' and customers' needs and achieve cost targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing and supply arrangements such as the loss or disruption of essential raw materials or purchased finished goods, disruption of logistics, reduction or loss of workforce due to the insufficiency or failure of our safety protocols, or disruption of other manufacturing and distribution capability;
•failure of third parties, including those located in international locations, on which we rely, including our suppliers, bottlers, distributors, contract manufacturers, third-party service providers, contractors, commercial banks and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us or to timely meet those obligations, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational difficulties; or
•significant changes in the conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions, restrict or prevent consumers from having access to our products, or otherwise prevent our third-party bottlers, distributors, partners, suppliers, or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products.
all of these impacts could place limitations on our ability to execute on our business plan and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we continue to monitor the situation, have actively implemented policies and procedures to address the situation, and as the pandemic continues to further unfold, we may adjust our current policies and procedures as regulations or governmental orders are implemented or more information and guidance become available. the impact of covid-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material effect on us. as this situation continues to evolve, new risks or uncertainties may arise that we are not aware of currently.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and its resulting impacts on the global economy, particularly supply chain constraints and labor shortages, have led to inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing and labor costs. we have experienced supply chain disruptions and significant inflation, which have impacted our results of operations in the current year and may continue to do so in the future.
our raw materials are sourced from industries characterized by a limited supply base, and their cost can fluctuate substantially. under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. price increases for our raw materials have placed pressure on our costs and could continue to do so, and we may not be able to effectively hedge or pass along any such increases to our customers or consumers. furthermore, any price increases passed along to our customers or consumers could significantly reduce demand for our products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance. in addition, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.
our principal raw materials in our coffee business include coffee beans and k-cup pod raw materials (including cups, filter paper and other ingredients) used in the manufacturing of our k-cup pods. we purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee and related coffee products. the quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the "c" price of coffee. this premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. increases in the "c" coffee commodity price increase the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. we frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base "c" coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. these are known as price-to-be-fixed contracts.
the supply and price of crops we purchase, such as coffee, apples, and corn, can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, natural disasters, crop disease (such as coffee rust), general cost increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels and political and economic conditions, as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of various commodities through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting supplies.
speculative trading in commodities, such as coffee, has and may continue to influence prices. if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of our commodities due to any of the factors described herein or a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our products, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
we also have a limited number of suppliers for certain strategic raw materials critical to our operations. we may have limited leverage to negotiate with these suppliers, which could negatively affect our operations and the financial performance of our business. in addition, in order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials. the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. this could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels and/or higher raw material costs for us.
if our suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, we could suffer shortages or substantial cost increases. changing suppliers can require long lead times. the failure of our suppliers to meet our needs could occur for many reasons, including fires, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, crop failure, strikes, transportation disruption, government regulation, political instability, cybersecurity attacks and terrorism. a failure of supply could also occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance.
some of our raw materials and finished products are sourced or manufactured overseas and shipped to the u.s. and canada. changes in the global ocean transport market, including shortages of shipping containers and availability of u.s. and canadian ports, have resulted in and may continue to result in increased costs of transportation for our raw materials and finished products, which may impact our results of operations.
in addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business, and therefore may be significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution business and our use of third-party carriers.
we operate in intensely competitive categories.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. some of our competitors, such as coca-cola, pepsico, the kraft heinz company and nestlé s.a., are multinational corporations with significant financial resources. these competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. we also compete with a number of smaller brands and a variety of smaller, regional and private label manufacturers. smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. we also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. in canada, mexico and the caribbean, we compete with many of these same international companies as well as a number of regional competitors.
our sales may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, ineffective advertising and marketing campaigns, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, increased marketing costs and higher in-store placement and slotting fees driven by our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. competitive pressures may also cause us to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our ability to increase such prices. in addition, the rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues.
a significant percentage of the coffee systems segment's financial performance is attributable to sales of k-cup pods for use with keurig brewing systems. we compete for sales of k-cup pods against local and regional brands, as well as against private label brands developed by retailers. our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry and a significant increase in the number of competitive pod contract manufacturers.
continued acceptance of keurig brewers and sales of k-cup pods to an increasing installed customer base are significant factors in our coffee systems' growth plans. any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of keurig brewers, failure to continue to reduce the cost of keurig brewers, or substantial or sustained decline in the sales of k-cup pods could materially and adversely affect our business. keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers. if we do not succeed in continuing to reduce the costs of manufacturing keurig brewers or differentiating keurig brewers from our competitors in the coffeemaker category, based on technology, quality of products, desired brands or otherwise, or our competitors adopt their respective strategies, our competitive position may be weakened.
product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products and our brewers. we have various quality, environmental, health and safety supply chain standards. a failure or perceived failure to meet our quality or safety standards, including product contamination or tampering, or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. this could result in time consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. it could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. moreover, negative publicity may result from false, unfounded or nominal liability claims or limited recalls.
any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the goodwill associated with our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
consumers' preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects of products, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn or other factors. for example, consumers are increasingly concerned about health and wellness, focusing on the caloric intake associated with regular csds, the use of artificial sweeteners in diet csds, and the use of natural, organic or simple ingredients in beverages. the demand for csds has therefore decreased as consumers have shifted towards ncbs, such as water, ready-to-drink coffee and teas, and sports drinks. if we do not effectively anticipate and respond to these changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, our sales and growth could suffer.
consumers are also increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials, and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. if we do not meet consumer demands by continuing to provide recyclable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer.
in addition, consumer shopping behavior is rapidly evolving due to both changes in travel, vacation and leisure activity patterns and the acceleration of e-commerce and other methods of purchasing products. if we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels (including e-commerce), our financial results could be adversely impacted.
if we do not innovate rapidly and successfully to respond to shifting consumer demands, our business may suffer. achieving growth depends on our successful development, introduction and marketing of innovative new products and line extensions. there are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. we may be required to increase expenditures for new product development. successful innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance, to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights, and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. we must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances by and intellectual property rights of our competitors, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
from time to time, we expect to acquire businesses or brands, invest in emerging companies and/or form joint ventures, and enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. in evaluating such endeavors, we will be required to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business strategies, opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. furthermore, we may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with any such transaction, including in connection with the integration or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. we also regularly pursue productivity initiatives, which are focused on strategic opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, and logistics, as well as cost savings and tax initiatives. these strategic initiatives may include investments in new technologies and optimization and relocation of our manufacturing and distribution footprint. new ventures and investments are inherently risky and may not be successful, and we may face challenges in achieving strategic objectives and other benefits expected from such investments or ventures. any acquisitions, investments or ventures may also result in the diversion of management attention and resources from other initiatives and operations.
our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading.
we have programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities, including expansive investments in manufacturing facilities in spartanburg, south carolina; newbridge, ireland; and allentown, pennsylvania. in 2020 and 2021, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we have experienced delays in the construction of our new facilities and the production equipment contained within, and we may continue to experience such delays. we may continue to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. additionally, we rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. if our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated, the investments and upgrades are not sufficient to meet our near-term future business needs, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.
substantial disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.
a disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, a disruption could occur at the facilities of our suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. the disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, epidemics, strikes, labor shortages, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. moreover, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we would need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
we possess intellectual property that is important to our business. this intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. we and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights. litigation could disrupt our business, divert management attention and cost a substantial amount to protect our rights or defend against claims. we cannot be certain that the steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed.
in some cases, we license rights to distribute third-party products. the licensor may be able to terminate the license arrangement upon an agreed period of notice, in some cases without payment to us of any termination fee. the termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
risks related to our financial performance determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $50,598 million of total assets, of which $20,182 million were goodwill and $23,856 million were other intangible assets. intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships and contractual arrangements. we conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
the impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. an impairment could be recorded as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products and/or the product category resulting in diminished long-term revenue growth; (ii) higher commodity or transportation prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; (iv) not achieving forecasted productivities; (v) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events, such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic; and (vi) changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rates and market beta volatility and changes to management's view of forecasted risk, among others. since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate.
our level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense.
in the future, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all. if our financial performance does not meet current expectations, our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
additionally, in assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as our results of operations and financial position at the time. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodologies in assessing our credit strength, the credit agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our current or future results of operations and financial position or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. furthermore, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. in addition, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings may reduce flexibility of our business to engage in certain transactions, such as the execution and renewal of certain leases.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and may affect our ability to operate our business.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to incur debt and our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. our ability, including certain subsidiaries, to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and reduce our free cash flow.
in october 2021, our board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $4 billion of our outstanding common stock, beginning on january 1, 2022, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. our repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. our share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time. we cannot guarantee that we will repurchase shares or conduct future share repurchase programs, and we cannot guarantee that any such programs will result in long-term increases to shareholder value.
risks relating to labor and employment we could lose key personnel or may be unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel.
our future success depends upon the continued contributions of senior management and other key personnel and the ability to retain and motivate them. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate the senior management team and other key personnel sufficiently to support the projected growth and initiatives of our business, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and its resulting impacts on the global economy have exacerbated employee turnover and led to labor shortages, particularly in the market for frontline employees in the production and distribution environments. the labor force has been and may continue to be impacted by a number of factors related to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, including government actions, such as vaccination mandates, unemployment benefits and subsidies, and laws and regulations related to employee health and safety. additionally, competition in the labor marketplace for qualified employees has led to increased costs, such as higher wages in order to recruit and retain employees. a prolonged labor shortage or inflation in labor costs could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
we may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including labor disputes or work stoppages.
approximately 8,000 of our employees worldwide are covered by collective bargaining agreements. these agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. we may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. this could result in labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. the terms of existing, renewed or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.
increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.
our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. in recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. these factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. although we will actively seek to control increases in costs, there can be no assurance that it will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
risks relating to our relationships with third parties we depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales.
food and beverage retailers in the u.s. have been consolidating, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. they are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices and more favorable trade terms. to the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to retailers, our respective margins would be reduced. retailers also have leverage to require us to provide increased marketing and promotional expenditures, including larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs, as well as to demand fines for late or incomplete product shipments. if we and our partners, including bottlers, distributors and licensees, do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, our product availability, sales and margins could suffer. in addition, certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products' retail volume, including volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of our brands. accordingly, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail customers.
if we are unable to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, or such customers determine that they need fewer inventories to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability. furthermore, the loss of sales from a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
net sales from our beverage concentrates segment represent sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. the beverage concentrates segment's operations generate a significant portion of our overall income from operations. some of these bottlers are also our direct competitors, or also bottle and distribute products for our competitors. the majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. in addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. as independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. they may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors' products and their own products. they may devote more resources to other products, prioritize their own products, or take other actions detrimental to our brands. in most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. we may need to increase support for our brands in their territories to protect our route to market and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond their control, and their business could suffer as a result. deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers.
failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements.
in our coffee systems segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of k-cup pods with partner customers, as well as with retailers for their private label brands. as independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. if we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and technological or other development efforts, they may take actions that adversely impact us, including entering into agreements with competing pod contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own k-cup pods. increasing competition among k-cup pod manufacturers and moving to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. the loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of keurig brewers, our ability to attract additional branded or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy keurig brewers.
in our packaged beverages segment, we have entered into strategic relationships for the manufacture and/or distribution of products from partner brand owners in emerging or fast-growing segments in which we may not currently have a brand presence. we are subject to a risk of our partner brands terminating their agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. within each distribution agreement, we have certain protections in case the partner brands terminate their agreements, such as a one-time termination payment.
we rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers, manufacturers and order fulfillment companies for our brewers.
a small number of companies manufacture the vast majority of our brewers, with a majority of the brewers we sell procured from one third-party brewer manufacturer. if these manufacturers are not able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewers at competitive costs, our overall results will be negatively affected.
general risk factors our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions.
changes in economic and financial conditions in the u.s., canada, mexico, the caribbean or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. we may be impacted by consumer price sensitivity associated with many of our products. similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to supply materials timely. additionally, these disruptions could have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes.
we also face counterparty risk for our cash investments and derivative instruments. declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect our marketable securities and pension fund, which in turn could increase funding requirements.
deterioration of general macro-economic conditions could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity due to impacts on our suppliers, customers and operating costs.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. these events could negatively affect our suppliers' operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements.
financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face, including their ability to access working capital, could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them, the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier or our ability to source product from them. we might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers and, to the extent these difficulties impact the timing of settlement for our obligation to the supplier, we may have a decrease in our cash flow from operations and may have to use our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity needs.
while our operations are predominately in the u.s., we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the mexican peso, the canadian dollar and the euro, as well as other foreign currencies in which we transact business. we may continue to hedge a small portion of our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations by utilizing derivative instruments for certain transactions. however, we are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations.
as a result, our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable or unfavorable impacts to gross profit, gross margin and income from operations from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be inconsistent year over year.
weather, natural disasters, water availability, and climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business.
unseasonable or unusual weather, natural disasters or long-term climate changes are expected to add volatility to commodity prices and have the potential to disrupt the availability of raw materials, energy and fuel, our ability to produce and demand for our products. unusually cool weather during the summer months or unusually warm weather during the winter months may result in reduced demand for our products and have a negative effect on our business and financial performance.
global climate change poses a serious threat to communities, businesses, farmers and ecosystems across the world. climate change is already affecting the agricultural sector, and disruptions to crop growing conditions are expected to increase with extreme weather events, increasing temperatures, and changing water availability. water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate, and as water becomes scarcer or the quality of the water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.
we are also faced with the impact of disruptions to crop growing conditions as a result of changing weather patterns, which can cause changes in geographical ranges of crops, as well as weeds, diseases and pests that affect those crops. these impacts may limit availability or increase the price volatility of key agricultural commodities, such as coffee, corn and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products.
concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas emissions. for example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions continue to be considered by policy makers in the countries in which we will operate. laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients and water could all negatively impact our business and financial results.
our products are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the u.s., canada, mexico and other countries in which we conduct business. these laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution and sale of our products. other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health and trade practices. our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries. our international business is also subject to u.s. laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations.
violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacturing, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, advertising, distribution and sale of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. in addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. for example, changes in packaging laws or special taxes on soft drinks or ingredients could increase our costs. in addition, changes in legislation imposing tariffs on or restricting the importation of our products or raw materials required to make our products, restricting the sale of k-cup pods, requiring compostability of k-cup pods, limiting the ability of consumers to put k-cup pods into municipal waste or recycling streams could, at least for some period of time, cut off a significant source of our sales and profits. changes in bottle deposit and recycling laws, including requiring manufacturers of k-cup pods to pay responsible producer or other fees to either governmental or non-governmental entities in connection with the collection, recycling, or disposition of k-cup pods, which may support our corporate responsibility objectives and goals, but could increase our costs.
we depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. we rely on third-party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting, collecting, storing and transmitting our primary data center and processing various accounting and transactional services. an offshore shared service center managed by third parties provides lower cost services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, tax, and computing functions. if any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations. in addition, the management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control.
our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
in addition, because we primarily accept debit and credit cards for payment in our e-commerce channel, we are subject to the pci standard, issued by the payment card industry security standards council. the pci standard contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. we are in compliance with the pci standard. however, complying with the pci standard and implementing related procedures, technology and information security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention. costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, or the maintenance and support of existing systems and technology, to maintain compliance with the pci standard could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. further, even though we are compliant with the pci standard, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches. any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems could negatively affect our business and financial performance.
in addition, some of our commercial partners may receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. if we or these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our networks, our users' data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed.
as cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems and those of our third party service providers have been and may in the future be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. these risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, regulatory actions or investigations, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business.
our use of information technology and third party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us.
we use information technology and third party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, human resources and computing functions.
continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, also disrupted by other cybersecurity attacks; issues with or errors in systems' maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; denial of service; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; and other catastrophic occurrences. further, cybersecurity breaches of our or third party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyberattacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. when risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third party service providers and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. additionally, in the event of a cybersecurity breach, confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform could potentially be exposed. if our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans or those of our third party providers do not effectively respond to or resolve the issues related to any such disruptions in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we might experience delays in reporting our financial results, loss of intellectual property, breach of confidential information and damage to our reputation or brands.
we continue to devote resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data; we are also in the process of enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment. however, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. in addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of a breach or disruption, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.
litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
we have been, and in the future may be, a party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings that may include employment, tort, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection and other claims. we have been, and in the future may be, a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under california's "proposition 65," public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection and wage and hour laws. plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. we evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. we will establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. we will base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results.
we are subject to income taxes and non-income-based taxes in many u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. income tax expense includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. at any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. as these audits and negotiations progress, events may occur that change our expectation about how the audit will ultimately be resolved. as a result, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates as events occur that cause a change in our provision for uncertain tax positions. in addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations or interpretations of existing law. further, tax legislation may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate. changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may impact our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results.
failure to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results.
in many countries, including the u.s., we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly. although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed. in the event that the audits or assessments are concluded adversely to our positions, we may or may not be able to offset or mitigate the consolidated effect of foreign income tax assessments through the use of u.s. foreign tax credits. because the laws and regulations governing u.s. foreign tax credits are complex and subject to periodic legislative amendment, we cannot be sure that we will in fact be able to take advantage of any foreign tax credits in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. discussions of the periods prior to the year ended december 31, 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k are found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 and the discussion therein for the year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 is incorporated by reference into this annual report.
this annual report on form 10-k contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. all of the product names included in this annual report on form 10-k are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors.
overview kdp is a leading beverage company in north america, with a diverse portfolio of flavored (non-cola) csds, ncbs, including water (enhanced and flavored), ready-to-drink tea and coffee, juice, juice drinks, mixers and specialty coffee, and is a leading producer of innovative single serve brewers. with a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, kdp key brands include keurig, dr pepper, canada dry, snapple, bai, mott's, core, green mountain and the original donut shop. kdp has some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. kdp offers more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands, including the top ten best-selling coffee brands and dr pepper as a leading flavored csd in the u.s. according to iri, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages.
kdp operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer and distributor. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd system. kdp markets and sells its products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through its website. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
•the packaged beverages segment reflects sales in the u.s. and canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished beverages and other products, including sales of the company's own brands and third-party brands, through our dsd and wd systems. dsd and wd have both been identified as operating segments that the company aggregated into packaged beverages due to similar economic characteristics and similarities in the nature of finished goods sales and route-to-markets.
•the beverage concentrates segment reflects sales of the company's branded concentrates and syrup to third-party bottlers, primarily in the u.s. and canada. most of the brands in this segment are csds. our ffs operating segment is aggregated with our branded concentrates operating segment into our beverage concentrates reportable segment due to similar economic characteristics and similarities in the nature of the product sold.
packaged beverages and latin america beverages sales volume in our packaged beverages and latin america beverages segments, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
beverage concentrates sales volume in our beverage concentrates segment, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate.
use of non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are provided in addition to u.s. gaap measures, including adjusted income from operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. see non-gaap financial measures for more information, including reconciliations to the corresponding u.s. gaap measures.
during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we made net repayments of our notes, our commercial paper and our other credit agreements of $1,721 million and $951 million, respectively.
on november 1, 2021, coca-cola announced that it had acquired full ownership of bodyarmor. on december 15, 2021, we received $576 million of cash proceeds, net of holdback liabilities, from the sale of our equity interests in bodyarmor to coca-cola. as a result, we recorded an estimated gain on the sale of approximately $524 million during the fourth quarter of 2021. refer to note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information about the transaction.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. refer to item 1a, risk factors, as well as the uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity section below, for more information about risks and uncertainties facing us.
some of these items, such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and its resulting impacts on the global economy, including supply chain challenges and labor shortages, have led to broad-based inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing and labor costs. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we have experienced supply chain disruptions and a significant inflationary impact compared to the prior year. these challenges intensified during the later part of the year due to the surge in cases resulting from the omicron variant. these impacts have created headwinds for our products that we expect to continue into 2022.
these inflationary pressures could impact our margins and operating results. we, along with our competitors, have increased the pricing on a number of products in response to widespread inflation. these pricing increases may result in future reductions in volume.
refer to note 6 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for management's discussion of how we manage our exposure to commodity risk.
impact of covid-19 on our financial statements the following table sets forth our reconciliation of significant covid-19-related expenses. employee compensation expense and employee protection costs, which impact our sg&a expenses and cost of sales, are included as the covid-19 item affecting comparability and are excluded in our adjusted financial measures. in addition, reported amounts under u.s. gaap also include additional costs, not included as the covid-19 item affecting comparability, as presented in tables below.
items affecting comparability(1)
(in millions)                                employee compensation expense(2)                              employee protection costs(3)                 allowances for expected credit losses(4)   inventory write-downs(5)                        total for the year ended december 31, 2021
(1)employee compensation expense and employee protection costs are both included as the covid-19 items affecting comparability in the reconciliation of our adjusted non-gaap financial measures.
(2)in 2021, amounts primarily included incremental benefits provided to frontline workers such as extended sick leave, in order to maintain essential operations during the covid-19 pandemic. in 2020, amounts primarily reflected temporary incremental frontline incentive pay and benefits, as well as pay for temporary employees, including the associated taxes. impacts both cost of sales and sg&a expenses.
(3)includes costs associated with personal protective equipment, temperature scans, cleaning and other sanitization services. impacts both cost of sales and sg&a expenses.
(4)in 2020, allowances reflected the expected impact of the economic uncertainty caused by covid-19, leveraging estimates of credit worthiness, default and recovery rates for certain of our customers. in 2021, reversals of those previously recorded allowances reflect improving economic conditions. impacts sg&a expenses.
results of operations we eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our equity method investees.
non-gaap financial measures are provided in addition to u.s. gaap measures. such non-gaap financial measures are excluded from the results of operations by segment when there is no difference between the non-gaap and the corresponding u.s. gaap measure. see non-gaap financial measures for more information, including reconciliations to the corresponding u.s. gaap measures.
gross profit                                                       6,977                               6,486                        491                       7.6
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                 105                                   4                        101                              nm gain on sale of equity method investment                           (524)                                   -                      (524)                              nm impairment of investments and note receivable                         17                                 102                       (85)                              nm other (income) expense, net                                          (2)                                  17                       (19)                              nm income before provision for income taxes                           2,798                               1,753                      1,045                      59.6
gross profit. gross profit increased $491 million, or 7.6%, to $6,977 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $6,486 million in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected strong growth in net sales and the benefit of productivity and merger synergies. these benefits were partially offset by higher input and manufacturing costs, driven by both volume/mix growth and inflation, and unfavorable fx effects on our cost of sales. gross margin decreased 80 bps versus the year ago period to 55.0%.
selling, general and administrative expenses. sg&a expenses increased $175 million, or 4.4%, to $4,153 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $3,978 million in the prior year. the increase was driven by increases in logistics, driven by both inflation and higher volumes, higher marketing expense, and unfavorable fx effects. these increases were partially offset by reduced expenses of $100 million related to the covid-19 pandemic and productivity and merger synergies.
income from operations. income from operations increased $414 million, or 16.7%, to $2,894 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $2,480 million in the prior year, driven by growth in all four segments. the increase in gross profit and the favorable change in impairment of intangible assets and other operating income, net, were partially offset by the increase in sg&a expenses. operating margin increased 150 bps versus the year ago period to 22.8%.
interest expense. interest expense decreased $104 million, or 17.2%, to $500 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $604 million for the prior year. this change was primarily the result of lower interest rates resulting from our strategic refinancing initiatives, as well as our continued deleveraging and favorable unrealized mark-to-market activity on interest rate contracts.
loss on early extinguishment of debt. loss on early extinguishment of debt reflected expense of $105 million during the year ended december 31, 2021 due to our strategic refinancing initiatives, as compared to $4 million in the prior year period.
gain on sale of equity method investment. gain on sale of investment reflects the gain recognized on the sale of our equity interests in bodyarmor during the year ended december 31, 2021.
impairment of investments and note receivable. for the year ended december 31, 2021, impairment on investments and note receivable reflected a charge of $17 million, as the investment in bedford and the associated notes receivable made during the year were determined to be impaired as bedford used these funds to begin the wind-down of their operations. in the prior year, impairment on investments and note receivable reflected a non-cash impairment charge of $102 million associated with the bedford and lifefuels investments.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rate decreased 110 bps to 23.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to 24.4% in the prior year, primarily driven by the release of our valuation allowance against our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, the tax benefit received from excess tax deductions that were generated from the vesting of rsus, and the benefit received from the deferred rate change on the deferred tax liability related to our indefinite-lived intangible assets during the year ended december 31, 2021. these benefits were partially offset by an increase in our valuation allowance related to a deferred tax asset on our historical investment in bedford.
net income attributable to kdp. net income attributable to kdp increased $821 million, or 62.0%, to $2,146 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to $1,325 million in the prior year, driven by the gain on sale of our equity method investment in bodyarmor, improved income from operations and reduced interest expense.
adjusted operating margin                            27.0     %                          27.5     %                                           (50) bps adjusted effective tax rate                          22.7     %                          24.5     %                                          (180) bps adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $230 million, or 7.2%, to $3,421 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to adjusted income from operations of $3,191 million in the prior year. driving this performance in the current period was strong growth in net sales, the benefit of productivity and merger synergies, and the favorable year-over-year comparison of asset sale-leaseback activities related to our strategic asset investment program. partially offsetting these positive drivers were the impacts of broad-based inflation, higher marketing expense, increased operating costs due to higher volumes, and unfavorable foreign currency effects on our expenses. adjusted operating margin declined 50 bps versus the year ago period to 27.0%.
adjusted interest expense. adjusted interest expense decreased $62 million, or 11.4%, to $480 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to adjusted interest expense of $542 million in the prior year, driven by reduced interest rates resulting from our strategic refinancing initiatives and continued deleveraging.
adjusted effective tax rate. the adjusted effective tax rate decreased 180 bps to 22.7% for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to 24.5% in the prior year, primarily driven by the tax benefit received from the release of our valuation allowance against our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, as well as the benefit of excess tax deductions that were generated from the vesting of rsus, during the year ended december 31, 2021.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
net sales. net sales increased $283 million, or 6.4%, to $4,716 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $4,433 million in the prior year, driven by volume/mix growth of 6.5% and favorable fx translation of 0.8%, partially offset by lower net price realization of 0.9%. our net price realization primarily reflected continued moderation in strategic pod pricing and customer fines in the second half of the year stemming from challenged service levels, which was only partially offset by the benefit of list price increases on owned and licensed pods and brewers.
income from operations. income from operations increased $50 million, or 3.9%, to $1,318 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,268 million in the prior year, driven by the continued benefit of productivity and merger synergies, strong volume/mix, and reduced costs associated with our productivity projects. these benefits were partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, continued moderation in strategic pod pricing, increased operating costs due to higher volumes and the unfavorable comparison to a strategic asset investment program gain of $16 million on an asset sale-leaseback of a manufacturing facility in the prior year. operating margin decreased 70 bps versus the year ago period to 27.9%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $1 million, or 0.1%, to $1,515 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $1,514 million in the prior year, driven by the continued benefit of productivity and merger synergies and strong volume/mix. these benefits were largely offset by declines due to the impacts of broad-based inflation, continued moderation in strategic pod pricing, increased operating costs due to higher volumes, the unfavorable comparison to a strategic asset investment program gain of $16 million on an asset sale-leaseback of a manufacturing facility in the prior year, and customer fines in the second half of the year stemming from challenged service levels. adjusted operating margin declined 210 bps versus the year ago period to 32.1%.
adjusted operating margin                   18.9     %                          19.0     %                                           (10) bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased 3.0% compared to the prior year, reflecting continued market share growth across the portfolio, with particular strength in csds across our flavor portfolio, the addition of polar to our portfolio of partner brands, and growth in mott's. this was partially offset by declines in hawaiian punch and lower contract manufacturing.
income from operations. income from operations increased $188 million, or 22.9%, to $1,010 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $822 million for the prior year, driven primarily by strong net sales growth, the benefit of productivity and merger synergies, lower covid-19-related expenses, the favorable comparison to both a non-cash impairment charge of $67 million related to the bai brand and year-over-year favorable asset sale-leaseback activity of $44 million from our strategic asset investment program. these increases were partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, increased operating costs due to higher volumes, driven by an expansion of our route to market network and strong consumer demand, increased expenses associated with productivity projects and higher marketing expense. operating margin grew 190 bps from the year ago period to 17.2%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $88 million, or 8.6%, to $1,109 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $1,021 million for the prior year, driven primarily by strong net sales growth, the benefit of productivity and merger synergies, and the favorable comparison of year-over-year asset sale-leaseback activity of $44 million from our strategic asset investment program. these increases were partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, increased operating costs due to higher volumes, driven by an expansion of our route to market network and strong consumer demand, and higher marketing expense. adjusted operating margin decreased 10 bps versus the year ago period to 18.9%.
adjusted operating margin                   71.0     %                          70.8     %                                             20 bps sales volume. sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased 1.1% compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting improving trends in our fountain foodservice component of the business, which services restaurants and hospitality, driven by increasing levels of consumer mobility during the year ended december 31, 2021.
income from operations.  income from operations increased $28 million, or 26.7%, to $133 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $105 million in the prior year, driven by higher net price realization, favorable volume/mix and the benefit of productivity, partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation and higher marketing expense. operating margin increased 110 bps versus the year ago period to 22.2%.
adjusted income from operations. adjusted income from operations increased $27 million, or 25.0%, to $135 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $108 million in the prior year, driven by higher net price realization, favorable volume/mix and the benefit of productivity, partially offset by the impacts of broad-based inflation, and higher marketing expense. adjusted operating margin improved 80 bps versus the year ago period to 22.5%.
liquidity and capital resources overview we believe our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. net cash provided by operations was $2,874 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to $2,456 million for the prior year. although there is continued uncertainty related to the impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic on our future results, we believe we are uniquely positioned, with our broad portfolio and unmatched distribution network, to successfully navigate through this pandemic, and the steps we have taken over the course of the pandemic to strengthen our balance sheet leave us well positioned to manage our business. we continue to manage all aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies through our integration and productivity initiatives, and developing new opportunities for growth such as innovation and agreements with partners to distribute brands that are accretive to our portfolio.
the following summarizes our cash activity for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically as working capital funding requirements where allowed. foreign cash balances were $216 million and $165 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
principal sources of capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations and borrowing capacity currently available under our kdp revolver and 2021 364-day credit agreement. additionally, we have an uncommitted commercial paper program where we can issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary.
sources of liquidity - operations net cash provided by operating activities increased $418 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by the increase in net income, which includes the impact of the gain on the sale of our bodyarmor investment, adjusted for non-cash items and working capital.
accounts payable program as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which include the extension of payment terms. excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. we also enter into agreements with third party administrators to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted.
we have been informed by the third party administrators that as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020, $3,194 million and $2,578 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations were voluntarily elected by the supplier and sold to financial institutions. the amounts settled through the program and paid to the financial institutions were $3,331 million, $2,770 million and $1,745 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
impact of the cares act beginning in the second quarter of 2020, we deferred payments of employer-related payroll taxes as allowed under the u.s. coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act, commonly known as the cares act. payment of at least 50% of the deferred amount was due by january 3, 2022, with the remainder due by december 31, 2022. we deferred a total of $59 million in such payments since the cares act was implemented, and we timely paid approximately $30 million as of january 3, 2022.
sources of liquidity - financing in march 2021, we undertook a strategic refinancing and issued $2,150 million aggregate face value of notes, consisting of $1,150 million aggregate principal amount of 0.750% 2024 notes, $500 million aggregate principal amount of 2.250% 2031 notes, and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.350% 2051 notes. the proceeds from the issuance were used to voluntarily prepay several tranches of our existing notes and our 2019 kdp term loan in order to benefit from current market conditions to refinance our debt maturities at more attractive interest rates, while also extending the duration of our debt. we also terminated our 2020 364-day credit agreement, which would have expired in april 2021, and replaced it with our 2021 364-day credit agreement, which has a term-out option allowing us to extend the maturity date by converting the facility into a term loan agreement for an additional one-year term.
additionally, in march 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement with the sec in order to sell up to 4,300,000 shares to or through goldman in at-the-market offerings, known as an atm program. the atm program was completed effective march 15, 2021, and the net proceeds of approximately $140 million were primarily used to cover our obligation to remit cash to local, state and federal tax authorities in connection with the net settlement of vesting restricted stock units during the first quarter of 2021. commissions and fees paid under the atm program were less than $1 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
we also have an active shelf registration statement, filed with the sec on august 27, 2019, which allows us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants from time to time in one or more offerings at the direction of our board of directors.
debt ratings as of december 31, 2021, our credit ratings were as follows:
as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we have no reason to believe that we will be unable to satisfy these covenants.
libor considerations in 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced that libor will no longer be published after 2021. in the u.s., the alternative reference rates committee selected the secured overnight financing rate as the preferred alternative reference rate to libor. in december 2020, it was announced that certain libor tenors will continue to be published through june 30, 2023.
we have a number of financing arrangements which incorporate libor as a benchmark rate and which extend past 2021. the agreements related to such financing arrangements use libor tenors which will continue to be published through june 30, 2023. additionally, these agreements contain provisions for alternative reference rates. we do not expect a significant change to our cost of debt as a result of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate.
principal uses of capital resources through 2021, our principal uses of our capital resources following the dps merger were deleveraging, providing shareholder return to our investors through regular quarterly dividends, and investing in kdp to capture market share and drive growth through innovation and routes to market.
beginning in 2022, now that we have met our post-merger goals, we will look to invest in inorganic value creation through m&a, including portfolio expansion, distribution scale, geographic expansion, and new capabilities. in addition to m&a, we may consider share repurchases and special dividends to our investors. our board of directors authorized a four-year share repurchase program of up to $4 billion of our outstanding common stock, beginning on january 1, 2022, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. see expansion of our capital allocation strategy below.
deleveraging and other debt repayments in 2018, management set deleveraging targets for a 2-3 year time period following the dps merger in order to optimize our balance sheet. since the dps merger, we have made net repayments of $4,896 million of our notes, our commercial paper and our other credit agreements, including $1,721 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. these amounts include a make-whole premium paid during the year ended december 31, 2021 of $95 million.
in may 2021, our 2021 merger notes were repaid at maturity, using cash generated from operations and the issuance of commercial paper.
regular quarterly dividends in february 2021, we announced that our board of directors approved a 25% increase in our annualized dividend rate to $0.75 per share, from the current annualized rate of $0.60 per share, effective with the company's regular quarterly dividend for the second quarter of 2021. for the year ended december 31, 2021, we have declared total dividends of $0.7125 per share.
capital expenditures we have significantly invested in state-of-the-art manufacturing and warehousing facilities, including expansive investments in new facilities in newbridge, ireland; spartanburg, south carolina; and allentown, pennsylvania, in order to optimize our supply chain network through integration and productivity projects and to mitigate risk of business interruption.
capital expenditures, which includes both purchases of property, plant and equipment and amounts included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 primarily related to our continued investment in state-of-the-art manufacturing and warehousing facilities. capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses were $189 million, $280 million and $163 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which primarily related to these investments.
purchases of intangible assets we have invested in the expansion of our dsd network through transactions with strategic independent bottlers to ensure competitive distribution scale for our brands. these transactions are generally accounted for as an asset acquisition, as the majority of the transaction price represents the cost to re-acquire our distribution rights. purchases of intangible assets were $32 million, $56 million and $35 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
expansion of our capital allocation strategy beginning on january 1, 2022, we intend to expand our capital allocation strategy to include inorganic options to drive total shareholder return. strategic acquisitions are our primary inorganic option. however, to the extent our primary option does not occur, we may employ secondary options, which may include the repurchase of shares or special dividends. see part ii, item 5, for further information.
residual value guarantees we have a number of leasing arrangements and one licensing arrangement with special purpose entities associated with the same sponsor. each one of these arrangements contain a residual value guarantee. as of december 31, 2021, we have not recorded any liabilities as it is not probable that we will have to make any payments required under the residual value guarantee. refer to note 19 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information about the residual value guarantees.
uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity and capital resources disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
customer and consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by the risk factors discussed under "risk factors" in part 1, item 1a of our annual report, as well as subsequent filings with the sec, that could have a material effect on production, delivery and consumption of our products, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•our ability to either repay existing debt maturities through cash flow from operations or refinance through future issuances of senior unsecured notes;
•our ability to access and/or renew our committed financing arrangements;
•a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit i) our ability to issue debt at terms that are favorable to us, or ii) a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions, which could impact our accounts payable program;
•our continued capital expenditures;
•seasonality of our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity;
•our ability to issue unsecured uncommitted commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $2,400 million;
•future mergers or acquisitions, which may include brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage;
•future equity investments; and
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets we conduct tests for impairment of our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination, and we also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units.
effective january 1, 2021, we modified our internal reporting and operating segments to reflect changes in the executive leadership team to further enhance speed-to-market and decision effectiveness. although this did not change our reportable segments, our reporting units and operating segments were redefined. for 2021, we defined our six reporting units as the following:
reportable segments           reporting units packaged beverages            dsd wd coffee systems                coffee systems beverage concentrates         branded concentrates fountain foodservice latin america beverages       latin america beverages for both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is not "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a step 0 analysis. if a quantitative analysis is required, the following would be required:
•the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded.
•the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, we performed a quantitative analysis for goodwill and certain indefinite lived brand assets, whereby we used an income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. we performed a qualitative step 0 analysis for other indefinite lived intangible assets, including trade names, contractual arrangements, and distribution rights. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical assumptions for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance, including the achievability of productivities, over the next five year period, as well as an appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate, as applicable. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. long-term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry growth and the long-term economic growth potential.
the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets as of december 31, 2021, were $20,182 million and $22,553 million, respectively. no impairment was identified for the years ended december 31, 2021 or 2019. we recorded impairment of $67 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 for bai, an indefinite lived brand asset.
sensitivity analysis - discount rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2021, would not change our conclusion.
for the indefinite-lived intangible assets, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our brands as of october 1, 2021, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands as follows (in millions):
sensitivity analysis - long-term growth rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term growth rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2021, would not change our conclusion.
for the indefinite-lived intangible assets, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term revenue growth rate used to determine the fair value of our brands as of october 1, 2021, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of our brands as follows (in millions):
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. accruals for customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics and/or historical trends.
our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the expense recognition. our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and are recognized to earnings in the period differences are determined.
additionally, judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our sg&a expenses.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following:
•the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained,
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.
our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.
our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
we also assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets. valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized. we base our judgment of the recoverability of our deferred tax assets primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.
business combinations we record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
the application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. the fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management's estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable.
if the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in the goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets critical accounting estimate section above.
effect of recent accounting pronouncements on november 19, 2020, the sec issued a final rule intended to modernize, simplify and enhance certain financial disclosure requirements in regulation s-k related to management's discussion and analysis, selected financial data, and supplementary financial information. early adoption on an item-by-item basis is permitted after february 10, 2021, the effective date of the rule, and we must apply the rule to our form 10-k for the year ending december 31, 2021. we early adopted the amendments to one item resulting in the elimination of item 301, selected financial data, from part ii, item 6 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, and we adopted the remaining amendments in this annual report for the year ended december 31, 2021.
supplemental guarantor financial information the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "guarantors"), as defined in the indentures governing the notes. the guarantors are 100% owned either directly or indirectly by us and jointly and severally guarantee, subject to the release provisions described below, our obligations under the notes. none of our subsidiaries organized outside of the u.s., immaterial subsidiaries used for charitable purposes, any of the subsidiaries held by maple parent holdings corp. prior to the dps merger or any of the subsidiaries acquired after the dps merger (collectively, the "non-guarantors") guarantee the notes. the subsidiary guarantees with respect to the notes are subject to release upon the occurrence of certain events, including the sale of all or substantially all of a subsidiary's assets, the release of the subsidiary's guarantee of our other indebtedness, our exercise of the legal defeasance option with respect to the notes and the discharge of our obligations under the applicable indenture.
the following schedules present the summarized financial information for the parent and the guarantors on a combined basis after intercompany eliminations; the parent and the guarantors' amounts due from; amounts due to, and transactions with non-guarantors are disclosed separately. the consolidating schedules are provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
current liabilities              $3,470                      $5,148
non-current liabilities          17,125                      16,164
total liabilities(2)            $20,595                     $21,312
non-gaap financial measures to supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, we have presented for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (i) adjusted income from operations, (ii) adjusted interest expense, (iii) adjusted provision for income taxes, (iv) adjusted net income attributable to kdp, (v) adjusted diluted eps, (vi) adjusted gross margin, (vii) adjusted operating margin, and (viii) adjusted effective tax rate, which are considered non-gaap financial measures. the non-gaap financial measures provided should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the non-gaap financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-gaap financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-gaap financial measures in the same way as we do. the adjusted measures are not substitutes for their comparable u.s. gaap financial measures, such as income from operations, net income, diluted eps, or other measures prescribed by u.s. gaap, and there are limitations to using non-gaap financial measures.
for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, we define our adjusted non-gaap financial measures as certain financial statement captions and metrics adjusted for certain items affecting comparability. the items affecting comparability are defined below.
items affecting comparability:
defined as certain items that are excluded for comparison to prior years, adjusted for the tax impact as applicable. tax impact is determined based upon an approximate rate for each item. for each period, management adjusts for (i) the unrealized mark-to-market impact of derivative instruments not designated as hedges in accordance with u.s. gaap and do not have an offsetting risk reflected within the financial results, as well as the unrealized mark-to-market impact of our vita coco investment; (ii) the amortization associated with definite-lived intangible assets; (iii) the amortization of the deferred financing costs associated with the dps merger; (iv) the amortization of the fair value adjustment of the senior unsecured notes obtained as a result of the dps merger; (v) stock compensation expense and the associated windfall tax benefit attributable to the matching awards made to employees who made an initial investment in kdp; (vi) non-cash changes in deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of tax rate or apportionment changes; and (vii) other certain items that are excluded for comparison purposes to prior years.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt; (v) incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic; (vi) gains from insurance recoveries related to the february 2019 organized malware attack on our business operation networks in the coffee systems segment; (vii) the gain on the sale of our investment in bodyarmor; (viii) impairment recognized on our equity method investment with bedford as a result of funding our share of their wind-down costs; and (ix) transaction costs for significant business combinations (completed or abandoned).
for the year ended december 31, 2020, the other certain items excluded for comparison purposes include (i) restructuring and integration expenses related to significant business combinations; (ii) productivity expenses; (iii) costs related to significant non-routine legal matters; (iv) the loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of debt, (v) incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic, (vi) impairment recognized on our equity method investments with bedford and lifefuels and (vii) impairment recognized on the bai brand.
costs related to significant non-routine legal matters relate to the antitrust litigation. incremental costs to our operations related to risks associated with the covid-19 pandemic include incremental expenses incurred to either maintain the health and safety of our front-line employees or temporarily increase compensation to such employees to ensure essential operations continue during the pandemic.
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2021
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
cost of sales                       gross profit                  gross margin                selling, general and administrative expenses                 income from operations                 operating margin reported                                           $5,706                             $6,977                          55.0      %                                     $4,153                                        $2,894                               22.8       %
items affecting comparability:
productivity                                       (72)                                   72                                                                            (91)                                           163
interest expense        loss on early extinguishment of debt         impairment of investments and note receivable                  gain on sale of equity-method investment        other (income) expense, net                       income before provision for income taxes                provision for income taxes                  effective tax rate                  net income attributable to kdp                diluted earnings per share reported                                                                                  $500                    $105                                         $17                                                            $(524)                                          $(2)                                                                $2,798                                           $653                                  23.3        %                             $2,146                                       $1.50
items affecting comparability:
productivity                                                                              -                       -                                            -                                                              -                                               -                                                                      163                                             40                                                                               123                                        0.09
gain on sale of equity-method investment                                                  -                       -                                            -                                                     524                                                      -                                                                    (524)                                          (124)                                                                             (400)                                      (0.28)
change in deferred tax liabilities related to goodwill and other intangible assets        $-                      $-                                           $-                                                             $-                                              $-                                                                      $-                                            $19                                                                             $(19)                                     $(0.01)
reconciliation of certain reported items to certain non-gaap adjusted items for the year ended december 31, 2020
(unaudited, in millions, except per share data)
cost of sales                       gross profit                  gross margin       selling, general and administrative expenses   impairment of intangible assets                      income from operations                 operating margin reported                                           $5,132                             $6,486                          55.8      %                            $3,978                    $67                                                        $2,480                               21.3       %
items affecting comparability:
productivity                                       (29)                                   29                                                                   (99)                    -                                                             128
items affecting comparability:
productivity                                       -                       -                                            -                                                                                        128                                             33                                                                                95                                        0.07
reconciliation of segment items to certain non-gaap adjusted segment items
(unaudited)
(in millions)                                      reported                items affecting comparability                  adjusted for the year ended december 31, 2021
(in millions)                                      reported                items affecting comparability                  adjusted for the year ended december 31, 2020