item 1a.risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our company. it is possible that our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. certain of these risks could also adversely affect the company's reputation. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely affect our business and reputation.
risks related to our business
•the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations. we are currently unable to predict the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic, or similar public health threat will adversely impact our business and operations in the future.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to burden healthcare systems worldwide. the focus of resources on covid-19, widespread protective measures implemented to control the spread of covid-19, and the resulting strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets have negatively impacted development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines.
although in-person interactions with healthcare professionals have largely resumed, we continue to see a lack of "normal" access and fewer in-person interactions by patients and our employees with healthcare professionals. as the covid-19 pandemic continues to develop, we may decide to halt such in-person interactions in the future and, in those cases, expect to resume such interactions as it is safe to do so and in compliance with applicable guidance and requirements.
the strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the covid-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and disruptions and shortages in the supply of our medicines. these factors may negatively affect our results of operations.
we also face risks and uncertainties related to our covid-19 therapies, including heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices, quality assurance, and similar regulations, restrictions on administration that limit widespread and timely access to our therapies, and risks related to handling, return, and/or refund of product after delivery by us. in addition, expedited authorization processes have allowed restricted distribution of products with less than typical safety and efficacy data, and additional data that become available may call into question the safety or effectiveness of our covid-19 therapies. the availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our covid-19 therapies. we also expect that additional revenue from the sale of bamlanivimab and etesevimab after the first quarter of 2022 will be limited. mutations or the spread of other variants of the coronavirus have in some cases impacted the effectiveness of our covid-19 therapies, and may further render our therapies more or less effective or ineffective. furthermore, the fda has revised, and may in the future revise, any eua for our covid-19 therapies in response to the prevalence of variants against which our therapies have varying degrees of efficacy. these and other risks related to covid-19 could affect other aspects of our business or intensify other risks inherent in our business, including potentially resulting in delays or denials in the approval or launch of other products or indications.
it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on us. the degree to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, the actions taken to reduce its transmission, including widespread availability and efficacy of vaccines, the introduction and spread of new variants of the coronavirus that may be resistant to currently approved vaccines, the continuation of existing or implementation of new government restrictions and the speed with which, and extent to which, more stable economic and operating conditions resume. should the covid-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, epidemic, or similar public health threat, and any associated supply chain disruption, labor market impact, recession, or depression continue for a prolonged period, these risks could be exacerbated, causing further impact on our business and operations in the future.
•pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will soon lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products, and business development activities to enhance our product pipeline.
there is a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. to bring a drug from the discovery phase to market can take over a decade and often costs in excess of $2 billion. failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. as a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of new or better competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. in addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of new products and indications.
we cannot state with certainty when or whether our products now under development will be approved or launched; whether, if initially granted, such approval will be maintained; whether we will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether our products, once launched, will be commercially successful.
we must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products, both through our internal efforts and our business development activities, sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
we engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, joint ventures, acquisitions, and equity investments. there are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. increased focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the federal trade commission, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize or increase the costs of our business development activities. in addition, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire (including related technology, commercial operations, compliance programs, manufacturing, distribution, and general business operations and procedures) may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions and may result in our incurrence of substantial asset impairment or restructuring charges. we also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to developments outside our control, including unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and commercialization challenges. accordingly, business development transactions may not be completed in a timely manner (if at all), may not result in successful commercialization of any product, and may give rise to legal proceedings or regulatory scrutiny.
see item 1, "business - research and development - phases of new drug development" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - executive overview - late-stage pipeline," for more details about our current product pipeline.
•we depend on products with intellectual property protection for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings; we have lost or soon will lose effective intellectual property protection for a number of our products, which has resulted and is likely to continue to result in rapid and severe declines in revenues.
a number of our products, including alimta and forteo, have recently lost, or soon will lose, significant patent protection and/or data protection in the u.s. as well as in key jurisdictions outside the u.s. we have faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition following the loss of such intellectual property protection. in particular, we expect that the entry of generic competition for alimta in the u.s. following the loss of patent exclusivity will cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue for the product and have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
certain other significant products no longer have effective exclusivity through patent protection or data protection. for non-biologic products, loss of exclusivity (whether by expiration of legal rights or by termination thereof as a consequence of litigation) typically results in the entry of one or more generic competitors, leading to a rapid and severe decline in revenues, especially in the u.s. for biologics (such as humalog, humulin, erbitux, cyramza, trulicity, taltz, and emgality), loss of exclusivity may or may not result in the near-term entry of competitor versions (i.e., biosimilars) due to many factors, including development timelines, manufacturing challenges, and/or uncertainties regarding the regulatory pathways for approval of the competitor versions. generic pharmaceutical companies could also introduce a generic product before resolution of any related patent litigation.
there is no assurance that the patents we are seeking will be granted or that the patents we hold will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. moreover, patents relating to particular products, uses, formulations, or processes do not preclude other manufacturers from employing alternative processes or marketing alternative products or formulations that compete with our patented products. in addition, competitors or other third parties may assert claims that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them, or allege a third-party right of ownership in our existing intellectual property. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - executive overview - other matters - patent matters," and item 1, "business - patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," for more details.
•our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected.
our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support our significant investments in research and development, as well as the other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market. intellectual property protection varies throughout the world and is subject to change over time, depending on local laws and regulations. changes to such laws and regulations could reduce protections for our innovative products. in the u.s., in addition to the process for challenging patents set forth in the bpcia, which applies to biologic products, the hatch-waxman act provides generic companies substantial incentives to seek to invalidate our patents covering pharmaceutical products. as a result, we expect that our u.s. patents on major pharmaceutical products, including biologics, will continue to be routinely challenged in litigation and may not be upheld. in addition, a separate ipr process currently allows competitors to seek invalidation of patents at the uspto without the protections of the bpcia or hatch-waxman act. the use of ipr proceedings after the institution of litigation pursuant to the bpcia or hatch-waxman act is currently a topic of debate among legislators and the future ability of our competitors to use ipr proceedings as an alternative to hatch-waxman act or bpcia litigation procedures to challenge our patents remains uncertain. however, if our patents are challenged through this expedited review process, even if we prevail in demonstrating the validity of our patent, our win provides limited precedential value at the ptab and no precedential value in federal district court, meaning the same patent can be challenged by other competitors. we face many generic manufacturer challenges to our patents outside the u.s. as well. the entry of generic competitors typically results in rapid and severe declines in revenues. in addition, competitors or other third parties may claim that our activities infringe patents or other intellectual property rights held by them. if successful, such claims could result in our being unable to market a product in a particular territory or being required to pay significant damages for past infringement or royalties on future sales. in addition, intellectual property protection in certain jurisdictions outside the u.s. is weak and we face additional risks to our intellectual property rights, including competition with generic or counterfeit versions of our products relatively shortly after launch. see item 1, "business -
patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data - note 16: contingencies," for more details.
•we and our products face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we compete with a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and generic pharmaceutical companies and, in many cases, our products compete against the leading products of one or more of our competitors. to compete successfully, we must continue to deliver to the market innovative, cost-effective products that meet important medical needs. our product revenues can be adversely affected by the introduction by competitors of branded products that are perceived as superior by the marketplace, by generic or biosimilar versions of our branded products, and by generic or biosimilar versions of other products in the same therapeutic class as our branded products. our revenues can also be adversely affected by treatment innovations that eliminate or minimize the need for treatment with our drugs.
regulation of generic and biosimilar products varies around the world and such regulation is complex and subject to ongoing interpretation and implementation by regulatory agencies and courts. particularly for biosimilars, recent health authority guidelines and legislative proposals could make it less burdensome for competitor products to enter the market and further incentivize uptake of biosimilars. in the u.s., the fda has begun issuing "interchangeability" designations for biosimilar products, which could - subject to state law requirements - enable pharmacies to substitute biosimilars for innovator biological products. given the importance of biologic products to our clinical-stage pipeline, such regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business. see item 1, "business - competition" and "business - research and development," for more details.
in addition, we rely on our ability to attract, engage, and retain highly qualified and skilled personnel in order to compete effectively. to continue to commercialize our products, and advance the research, development, and commercialization of additional modalities and product candidates, we may need to expand our workforce, including in the areas of manufacturing, clinical trials management, regulatory affairs, and sales and marketing, both in and outside the u.s. we continue to face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic and other research institutions, as well as employers near our manufacturing and other facilities, which has and may continue to increase our labor costs. our ability to attract and retain talent in our increasingly competitive environment may be further complicated by evolving employment trends arising from the covid-19 pandemic, including vaccination mandates, increased preferences for remote, alternative, or flexible work arrangements, and other factors. our failure to compete effectively for talent could negatively affect sales of our current and any future approved products, and could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•failure, inadequacy, breach of, or unauthorized access to, our it systems or those of our third-party service providers, unauthorized access to our confidential information, or violations of data protection laws, could each result in material harm to our business and reputation.
a great deal of confidential information owned by us or our business partners or other third parties is stored in our information systems, networks, and facilities or those of third parties. this includes valuable trade secrets and intellectual property, clinical trial information, corporate strategic plans, marketing plans, customer information, and personally identifiable information, such as employee and patient information (collectively, confidential information). we also rely, to a large extent, on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems, infrastructure, and hardware (together, it systems), some of which are within our control and some of which are within the control of third parties, to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations around the world related to privacy, data protection, and data security. maintaining the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our it systems and confidential information is vital to our business. our failure, or the failure of our third party service providers, to protect and maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our (or their) it systems and our confidential information and other data could significantly harm our reputation as well as result in significant costs, including those related to fines, litigation, and obligations to comply with applicable data breach laws.
it systems are vulnerable to system inadequacies, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources. cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. cyber-attacks come in many forms, including the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities (including those of third-party software or systems), denial-of-service attacks, the use of social engineering, and other means to compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our it systems, confidential information, and other data. breaches resulting in the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our it systems, products and services, can occur in a variety of ways, including but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, certain governments or nation-states, or other current or former company personnel. our third-party partners, including third-party providers of data hosting or cloud services, as well as suppliers, distributors, alliances, and other third parties with whom we may share data, face similar risks, which could affect us directly or indirectly. the healthcare industry has been and continues to be a target for cyber-attacks, and the number of threats has only increased over time. numerous federal agencies that monitor and regulate internet and cyber-crime have issued guidance, alerts and directives warning of software vulnerabilities that require immediate patching, malicious actors targeting healthcare related systems and nation-state sponsored hacking designed to steal valuable information.
the failure, inadequacy, or breach of our it systems or business processes, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to, disclosure or use of, confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on it systems or business processes, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on it systems or business processes; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; result in unfavorable clinical trial results by virtue of incorrect or unreliable data; and/or cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could expose us to significant sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the world and could damage public trust in our company. in addition, it system security in jurisdictions outside the u.s. is weaker and may result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks.
to date, system inadequacies, operating failures, unauthorized access, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, cyber-attacks, and the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information have not had a material impact on our consolidated results of operations. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our it systems. we continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent these risks and to enhance the resiliency of our it systems; however, these measures may not be successful and we may fail to detect or remediate security breaches, malicious intrusions, cyber-attacks, or other compromises of our systems. any of these events could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.
•significant economic downturns or international trade and other global disruptions or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results.
while pharmaceuticals have generally been less sensitive to overall economic cycles, prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales volume. declining tax revenues attributable to economic downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce health care spending, leading to increasing government efforts to control drug prices and utilization. additionally, some customers, including governments or other entities reliant upon government funding, may be unable to pay for our products in a timely manner. also, if our customers, suppliers, or collaboration partners experience financial difficulties, we could experience slower customer collections, greater bad debt expense, and performance defaults by suppliers or collaboration partners. similarly, in the event of a significant economic downturn, we could have difficulty accessing credit markets.
significant portions of our business are conducted in europe, including the united kingdom, in asia, including china, and in other international geographies. trade and other global disputes and interruptions in international relationships, including related to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the u.s. or other governments, unrest or war, as well as pandemic diseases, such as covid-19, affect our ability to do business. for example, tensions between the u.s. and china have led to a series of tariffs and sanctions being imposed by the u.s. on imports from china mainland, as well as other business restrictions. these and similar events could adversely affect us, or our business partners or customers.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. after approval, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of patients. accordingly, we and others (including regulatory agencies and private payers) collect extensive information on the efficacy and safety of our marketed products by continuously monitoring the use of our products in the marketplace. in addition, we or others may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. new safety or efficacy data from both market surveillance and post-marketing clinical studies may result in product label changes or other measures that could reduce the product's market acceptance and result in declining sales. serious safety or efficacy issues that arise after product approval have, and could in the future, result in voluntary or mandatory product recalls or withdrawals from the market. safety issues have, and could in the future, result in costly product liability claims. see also " - the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations. we are currently unable to predict the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic, or similar public health threat will adversely impact our business and operations in the future."
•we face litigation and investigations related to our products, how we price our products, and how we commercialize our products; we could face large numbers of claims in the future, which could adversely affect our business, and we are self-insured for such matters.
we are subject to a substantial number of product liability claims involving various current and historical products, litigation and investigations related to how we commercialize and/or how we price our products, including relating to our 340b drug pricing program, as well as contractual disputes. see item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data - note 16, contingencies" for more information on our current product liability litigation, as well as pricing litigation, investigations, and inquiries. because of the nature of pharmaceutical products, we are and could in the future become subject to large numbers of product liability claims for our previous, current, or future products, or to further litigation or investigations, including related to pricing or other commercial practices. such matters could affect our results of operations or require us to recognize substantial charges to resolve and, if involving marketed products, could adversely affect sales of the product. due to a very restrictive market for liability insurance, we are self-insured for litigation liability losses for all our currently marketed products, as well as for litigation or investigations related to our pricing practices or other similar matters.
•manufacturing and supply chain difficulties, disruptions, or shortages could lead to product supply problems.
pharmaceutical manufacturing is complex and highly regulated. manufacturing or quality assurance difficulties at our facilities or contracted facilities, the failure or refusal of a supplier or contract manufacturer to supply contracted quantities, or increases in demand on a supplier could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products and/or product shortages, leading to lost revenue. further, global transportation and logistics challenges, as well as tight labor markets, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays in, and/or increase costs related to, distribution of our medicines, the construction or other acquisition of manufacturing capacity, procurement activity, and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements. such difficulties, disruptions, or challenges could result from quality, oversight, or regulatory compliance problems; natural disasters or pandemic disease; equipment, mechanical, data, or information technology system vulnerabilities, such as system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources; labor shortages; contractual disputes with our suppliers and contract manufacturers; or inability to obtain single-source or other raw or intermediate materials. in addition, difficulties in predicting or variability in demand for our products and indications and the very long lead times necessary for the expansion and regulatory qualification of pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity from time to time result in difficulty meeting demand for, or disruptions, shortages, and higher costs in the supply of, our products. see item 1, "business - raw materials and product supply," for more details.
•reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements could adversely affect our business.
we rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances, and collaborations with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product and clinical development, manufacturing, commercialization, hosting of, and support for, information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. as examples, we outsource the day-to-day management and oversight of some of our clinical trials to contract research organizations and the distribution of our products through logistics providers. outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements; may not produce reliable results; may not perform in a timely manner; may not maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of confidential and proprietary information relating to us, our clinical trial subjects, or patients; may experience disruption or fail to perform due to information technology system vulnerabilities, breaches, cyber-attacks, or inadequate controls or procedures; may be unable to satisfy their commitments to us in which case we may not be able to achieve acceptable alternative sourcing; or may fail to perform at all. the foregoing risks may be heightened in jurisdictions outside the u.s., where we may face additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, privacy, security, or other obligations to us, our clinical trial subjects, and our patients could have a material adverse effect on our business.
•our business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or business.
public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures for pharmaceuticals by placing restrictions on pricing and reimbursement for, and patient access to, our medicines. these pressures could continue to negatively affect our future revenues and net income. governments and private payers worldwide have intensified their scrutiny of, and actions intended to address, pricing, reimbursement, and access to pharmaceutical products. additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including as a result of the regulatory priorities of the current u.s. presidential administration and other regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and revenue. for example, pending legislation in the u.s. could result in government negotiation of the price of some of our medicines, including insulin. furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, or private payers, such as the recently proposed alzheimer's monoclonal antibody ncd, may adversely impact our business and financial results. however, we cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of current and future health care reform efforts. we also may continue to experience potential additional pricing pressures resulting from the financial strain of the covid-19 pandemic on government-funded healthcare systems around the world.
for more details, see item 1, "business - regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - executive overview - other matters - trends affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data - note 16: contingencies."
•changes in foreign currency rates, interest rate risks, or inflation could materially affect our results of operations.
as a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, interest rate risk from our exposure to floating and variable interest rates, and inflation risk from existing and expected rates of inflation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions. while we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates, interest rates, and inflation can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on our results of operations. further, in the event of an extreme devaluation of local currency, the price of our products could become unsustainable in the relevant market. in addition, the discontinuation, modification, or other reform of the london interbank offered rate (libor), or the replacement of libor with a different reference rate, could increase our interest expense, decrease our cash flows, and/or require us to amend certain of our existing agreements. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - financial condition and liquidity" and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data - note 1: summary of significant accounting policies and implementation of new financial accounting standard" for more details.
•changes in tax laws or exposure to additional tax liabilities could increase our income taxes and decrease our net income.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and in the course of our business, we make judgments about the expected tax treatment of various transactions and events. changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations, as well as events that differ from our expectations, have affected and may adversely affect our effective tax rates, cash flows, and/or and results of operations. for example, in december 2017, the u.s. enacted tax reform legislation significantly revising u.s. tax laws, and a number of other countries are also actively considering or enacting tax changes. significant uncertainty currently exists regarding proposed tax policies of the current u.s. presidential administration and congress, including modifications to certain aspects of the 2017 tax law. in addition, tax authorities in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are intensifying their scrutiny and examinations of profit allocations among jurisdictions, which could unfavorably impact our results of operations. further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the organisation for economic cooperation and development and the european commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate. modifications to key elements of the current u.s. or international tax framework could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - executive overview - other matters - tax matters" and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data - note 14: income taxes," for more details.
•regulatory compliance problems could be damaging to the company.
the marketing, promotional, and pricing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with purchasers, prescribers, and patients, are subject to extensive regulation. many companies, including us, have been subject to claims related to these practices asserted by federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, private payers, and consumers. these claims have resulted in substantial expense and other significant consequences to us. we are and could in the future become subject to such investigations, the outcomes of which could include criminal charges and fines, penalties, or other monetary or non-monetary remedies, including exclusion from u.s. federal and other health care programs. such investigations have intensified and may continue to intensify as a result of the regulatory priorities of the current u.s. presidential administration and other regulatory authorities worldwide. in addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with cgmp, quality assurance, and similar regulations (and comparable foreign regulations) for our products can lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in the approvals of new products or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, and reputational harm, any of which would adversely affect our business. regulatory compliance and processes in jurisdictions outside the u.s. may also be less predictable and result in additional costs, uncertainties, and risks. see item 1, "business - government regulation of our operations," for more details.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition results of operations
(tables present dollars in millions, except per-share data)
general management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of our consolidated company. this discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." certain statements in this item 7 constitute forward-looking statements. various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "forward-looking statements" and item 1a, "risk factors," may cause our actual results, financial position, and cash generated from operations to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
executive overview this section provides an overview of our financial results, recent product and late-stage pipeline developments, and other matters affecting our company and the pharmaceutical industry. earnings per share (eps) data are presented on a diluted basis.
covid-19 pandemic in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have focused on maintaining a supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for covid-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. as part of our response to the covid-19 pandemic, and at the request of the united states (u.s.) and international governments, we invested in large-scale manufacturing of covid-19 antibodies at risk, in order to ensure rapid access to patients around the world.
the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) granted emergency use authorizations (eua) for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered together for higher-risk patients who have been recently diagnosed with mild-to-moderate covid-19 and for baricitinib for treatment with or without remdesivir in hospitalized covid-19 patients. in the third quarter of 2021, the fda expanded the eua for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered together to include post-exposure prophylaxis in certain individuals for the prevention of sars-cov-2 infection. we expect that additional revenue from the sale of bamlanivimab and etesevimab after the first quarter of 2022 will be limited. in february 2022, the fda granted an eua for bebtelovimab for certain high-risk patients who have been recently diagnosed with mild-to-moderate covid-19. we have agreed with the u.s. government to supply up to 600,000 doses of bebtelovimab no later than march 31, 2022 for at least $720 million with an option of 500,000 additional doses no later than july 31, 2022. the fda has revised, and may in the future revise, any eua for our covid-19 therapies in response to the prevalence of variants against which our therapies have varying degrees of efficacy.
the covid-19 pandemic has, and may continue to, adversely impact our business and operations. the focus of resources on covid-19, widespread protective measures implemented to control the spread of covid-19, and the resulting strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets have negatively impacted development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines. in addition to decreases in new prescriptions, changes in payer segment mix, and the increased use of patient affordability programs in the u.s., we have experienced, and may continue to experience if the covid-19 pandemic undergoes resurgent or more severe waves, decreased demand as a result of lack of "normal" access and fewer in-person interactions by patients and our employees with healthcare professionals.
we also face risks and uncertainties related to our covid-19 therapies, including heightened regulatory scrutiny of our manufacturing practices, quality assurance, and similar regulations, restrictions on administration that limit widespread and timely access to our therapies, and risks related to handling, return, and/or refund of product after delivery by us. the availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for our covid-19 therapies. mutations or the spread of other variants of the coronavirus have in some cases impacted the effectiveness of our covid-19 therapies, and may further render our therapies more or less effective or ineffective.
the strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the covid-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and potential disruptions in the supply of our medications. these factors may negatively affect our results of operations.
it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on us. the degree to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control. we are currently unable to predict the full extent to which the covid-19 pandemic or any future pandemic, epidemic or similar public health threat will adversely impact our business and operations in the future.
see item 1a, "risk factors" for additional information on risk factors that could impact our business and operations.
financial results the following table summarizes our key operating results:
year ended december 31                percent change
acquired in-process research and development                            874.9                             660.4                                 32
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges              316.1                             131.2                                 nm other-net, (income) expense                                             201.6                         (1,171.9)                                 nm income before income taxes                                            6,155.5                           7,229.9                               (15)
nm - not meaningful revenue increased in 2021 driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower realized prices. operating expenses, defined as the sum of research and development and marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, increased in 2021, driven primarily by higher development expenses for late-stage assets. the decreases in net income and eps in 2021 were driven primarily by reduction in other-net, (income) expense and higher operating expenses, partially offset by higher gross margin.
the following highlighted items affect comparisons of our 2021 and 2020 financial results:
cost of sales (see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized a net inventory impairment charge related to our covid-19 antibodies of $339.7 million. as part of our response to the covid-19 pandemic, and at the request of the u.s. and international governments, we invested in large-scale manufacturing of covid-19 antibodies at risk, in order to ensure rapid access to patients around the world. as the covid-19 pandemic evolved during 2021, we incurred a net inventory impairment charge primarily due to the combination of changes to current and forecasted demand from u.s. and international governments, including changes to our agreement with the u.s. government, and near-term expiry dates of covid-19 antibodies.
acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d) (note 3 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized acquired ipr&d charges of $874.9 million related to business development transactions.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (note 5 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized charges of $316.1 million primarily related to an impairment of a contract-based intangible asset from our acquisition of loxo oncology, inc. (loxo), an intangible asset impairment resulting from the sale of the rights to qbrexza®, as well as acquisition and integration costs associated with the acquisition of prevail therapeutics inc. (prevail).
other-net, (income) expense (note 18 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized $176.9 million of net investment gains on equity securities.
acquired ipr&d (note 3 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized acquired ipr&d charges of $660.4 million related to business development transactions.
asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (note 5 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized charges of $131.2 million primarily related to severance costs incurred as a result of actions taken worldwide to reduce our cost structure.
other-net, (income) expense (note 18 to the consolidated financial statements)
•we recognized $1.44 billion of net investment gains on equity securities.
late-stage pipeline our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. we currently have approximately 45 new medicine candidates in clinical development or under regulatory review, and a larger number of projects in the discovery phase.
the following certain new molecular entities (nmes) are currently in phase ii or phase iii clinical trials or have been submitted for regulatory review in the u.s., europe, or japan. the following table reflects the status of certain nmes, including certain other developments since our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2021.
compound                                              indication                                                                                   status                              developments covid-19 antibodies bebtelovimab (ly-cov1404)                             covid-19                                                                                     emergency use authorization         the fda granted eua for certain high-risk patients recently diagnosed with mild-to-moderate covid-19 in february 2022.
diabetes tirzepatide                                           type 2 diabetes                                                                              submitted                           submitted in the u.s. using a priority review voucher and in europe and japan in 2021.
heart failure with preserved ejection fraction        phase iii                                                                                    phase iii trials are ongoing.
obesity nonalcoholic steatohepatitis                          phase ii                                                                                     phase ii trial is ongoing.
ggg tri-agonist                                       obesity                                                                                      phase ii                            phase ii trials are ongoing.
type 2 diabetes glp-1r npa                                            obesity                                                                                      phase ii                            phase ii trials are ongoing.
type 2 diabetes immunology lebrikizumab(1)                                       atopic dermatitis                                                                            phase iii                           granted fda fast track designation(2). announced in 2021 that phase iii trials met primary and all key secondary endpoints. phase iii trials are ongoing.
ulcerative colitis                                    announced in 2021 that phase iii trials met primary and all key secondary endpoints.
cxcr1/2 ligands monoclonal antibody                   hidradenitis suppurativa                                                                     phase ii                            phase ii trial is ongoing.
ulcerative colitis pd-1 mab agonist                                      rheumatoid arthritis                                                                         phase ii                            phase ii trial is ongoing.
compound                               indication                                status                              developments neuroscience donanemab                              early alzheimer's disease                 submission initiated                granted fda breakthrough therapy designation(3). initiated a rolling submission in the u.s. for accelerated approval in 2021. phase iii trials are ongoing.
gba1 gene therapy (pr001)              parkinson's disease                       phase ii                            acquired in the prevail acquisition in 2021. granted fda fast track designation(2). phase ii trials are ongoing.
grn gene therapy (pr006)               frontotemporal dementia                   phase ii o-glc-nacase                           alzheimer's disease                       phase ii                            phase ii trial initiated in the fourth quarter of 2021.
thyroid cancer sintilimab injection(5)                lung cancer                               submitted                           in february 2022, the oncologic drugs advisory committee recommended that the fda require additional clinical trials prior to a final regulatory decision.
pirtobrutinib (loxo-305)               mantle cell lymphoma                      submission initiated                initiated a rolling submission in the u.s. for accelerated approval in the fourth quarter of 2021. phase ii and phase iii trials are ongoing.
(1) in collaboration with almirall, s.a. in europe.
(2) fast track designation is designed to expedite the development and review of new therapies to treat serious conditions and address unmet medical needs.
(3) breakthrough therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of potential medicines that are intended to treat a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the treatment may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint.
(4) continued approval may be contingent on verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory phase iii trials.
(5) in collaboration with innovent biologics, inc.
our pipeline also contains several new indication line extension (nilex) products. the following certain nilex products for use in the indication described are currently in phase ii or phase iii clinical trials or have been submitted for regulatory review in the u.s., europe, or japan. the following table reflects the status of certain nilex products, including certain other developments since our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2021:
compound                                  indication                                            status                                                                                                                                                         developments diabetes empagliflozin (jardiance®)(1)             heart failure with preserved ejection fraction        submitted                                                                                                                                                      granted fda breakthrough therapy designation(2) and fda fast track designation(3). submitted in the u.s. and europe in 2021 and in japan in january 2022. the fda granted priority review for adults with heart failure independent of left ventricular ejection fraction.
immunology baricitinib (olumiant®)                   covid-19                                              emergency use authorization(4)                                                                                                                                 submitted in the u.s. and the fda granted priority review in january 2022.
alopecia areata                           submitted                                             granted fda breakthrough therapy designation(2). submitted in u.s., europe and japan in 2021.
systemic lupus erythematosus              discontinued                                          announced in january 2022 that, based on top-line efficacy results from phase iii trials, we discontinued development.
hr+, her2+ adjuvant breast cancer         discontinued                                          announced in january 2022 that we will discontinue the phase iii trial in response to the changing treatment landscape and global enrollment challenges.
(1) in collaboration with boehringer ingelheim.
(2) breakthrough therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of potential medicines that are intended to treat a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the treatment may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint.
(3) fast track designation is designed to expedite the development and review of new therapies to treat serious conditions and address unmet medical needs.
(4) the fda granted eua for treatment with or without remdesivir in hospitalized covid-19 patients.
there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products, as well as a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. to bring a drug from the discovery phase to market can take over a decade and often costs in excess of $2 billion. failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment. as a result, most funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. new product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain or maintain necessary regulatory approvals or payer reimbursement or coverage, limited scope of approved uses, label changes, changes in the relevant treatment standards or the availability of new or better competitive products, difficulty or excessive costs to manufacture, or infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of others. regulatory agencies establish high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products and indications. delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. in addition, it can be very difficult to predict revenue growth rates of new products and indications.
we manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines. a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. due to the risks and uncertainties involved in the research and development process, we cannot reliably estimate the nature, timing, and costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our research and development projects, nor can we reliably estimate the future potential revenue that will be generated from any successful research and development project. each project represents only a portion of the overall pipeline, and none is individually material to our consolidated research and development expense. while we do accumulate certain research and development costs on a project level for internal reporting purposes, we must make significant cost estimations and allocations, some of which rely on data that are neither reproducible nor validated through accepted control mechanisms. therefore, we do not have sufficiently reliable data to report on total research and development costs by project, by preclinical versus clinical spend, or by therapeutic category.
other matters patent matters we depend on patents or other forms of intellectual property protection for most of our revenue, cash flows, and earnings.
in 2021, our vitamin regimen patents for alimta® expired worldwide. following the loss of patent exclusivity in major european countries and japan, we faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition which has eroded revenue and is likely to continue to rapidly and severely erode revenue from current levels. in the u.s., we expect pediatric data exclusivity to provide us with protection through may 2022. however, we and eagle pharmaceuticals, inc. (eagle) reached an agreement in december 2019 to settle all pending u.s. patent litigation, allowing eagle a limited initial entry into the market with its product starting february 2022 (up to an approximate three-week supply) and subsequent unlimited entry starting april 2022. we expect that the entry of generic competition in the u.s. following the loss of exclusivity will cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue and will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed account of the legal proceedings currently pending regarding, among others, our alimta patents.
our compound patent for humalog® (insulin lispro) has expired in major markets. global regulators have different legal pathways to approve similar versions of insulin lispro. a competitor has similar version of insulin lispro in the u.s. and in certain european markets. while it is difficult to estimate the severity of the impact of insulin lispro products entering the market, we do not expect and have not experienced a rapid and severe decline in revenue; however, we expect additional pricing pressure and some loss of market share that may continue over time.
our formulation and use patents for forteo® have expired in major markets. we expect further decline in revenue as a result of the entry of generic and biosimilar competition due to the loss of patent exclusivity in major markets.
our regulatory data and patent exclusivity for cymbalta® expired in japan. beginning in mid-2021, we have faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition which has eroded revenue and is likely to continue to rapidly and severely erode revenue from current levels.
foreign currency exchange rates as a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, japanese yen, and chinese yuan. while we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on operating expenses. while there is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign exchange rates, fluctuations in these rates could adversely impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
trends affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access global concern over access to and affordability of pharmaceutical products continues to drive regulatory and legislative debate, as well as worldwide cost containment efforts by governmental authorities. such measures may include the use of mandated discounts, price reporting requirements, mandated reference prices, restrictive formularies, changes to available intellectual property protections, as well as other efforts. in addition, consolidation of private payors in the u.s. has significantly impacted the market for pharmaceuticals by increasing payor leverage in negotiating manufacturer price concessions and pharmacy reimbursement rates. furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, or private payers, such as the recently proposed alzheimer's monoclonal antibody national coverage determination, may adversely impact our business and financial results. we expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, such as insulin, as governments manage and emerge from the covid-19 pandemic, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, we are engaged in litigation and investigations related to our 340b program that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. it is not currently possible to predict the overall potential adverse impact to us or the general pharmaceutical industry of continued cost containment efforts worldwide.
in addition, evolving regulatory priorities have intensified governmental scrutiny of our operations and our industry, including with respect to current good manufacturing practices, quality assurance, and similar regulations, and increased focus on business combinations in our industry. any regulatory issues concerning these matters could lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in the approvals of new products or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, impediments to the completion of business combinations, and reputational harm, any of which would adversely affect our business.
see item 1, "business - regulations and private payer actions affecting pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement, and access" and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
tax matters we are subject to income taxes and various other taxes in the u.s. and in many foreign jurisdictions; therefore, changes in both domestic and international tax laws or regulations have affected and may affect our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. in 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the 2017 tax act), which contains a provision that requires capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses for tax purposes starting in 2022. previously, these expenses could be deducted in the year incurred. while this provision of the 2017 tax act is expected to have an immaterial impact on our consolidated results of operations, if it is not deferred or repealed by congress, we expect that the implementation of this provision will increase our cash payments of income taxes by up to $1.50 billion in 2022 and subsequently decrease our cash payments of income taxes moderately over the five-year amortization period.
the u.s. and countries around the world are actively considering and enacting tax law changes. tax proposals introduced by congress and the u.s. presidential administration contain significant changes, including increases to the tax rates at which both domestic and foreign income of u.s. companies would be taxed. in addition, tax authorities in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are intensifying their scrutiny and examinations of profit allocations among jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows. further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the organisation for economic co-operation and development and the european commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate.
acquisitions we opportunistically invest in external research and technologies that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. these investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. we view our business development activity as a way to enhance our pipeline and strengthen our business.
in january 2021, we acquired all shares of prevail for a purchase price that included $22.50 per share in cash (or an aggregate of $747.4 million, net of cash acquired) plus one non-tradable contingent value right (cvr) per share. the cvr entitles prevail stockholders up to an additional $4.00 per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately $160 million) payable, subject to certain terms and conditions, upon the first regulatory approval of a prevail product in one of the following countries: u.s., japan, united kingdom, germany, france, italy, or spain. under the terms of the agreement, we acquired potentially disease-modifying aav9-based gene therapies for patients with neurodegenerative diseases. the acquisition establishes a new modality for drug discovery and development, extending our research efforts through the creation of a gene therapy program that is being anchored by prevail's portfolio of assets.
in february 2020, we acquired all shares of dermira, inc. for a purchase price of $849.3 million, net of cash acquired. under the terms of the agreement, we acquired lebrikizumab, a novel, investigational, monoclonal antibody being evaluated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. lebrikizumab was granted fast track designation from the fda. we also acquired qbrexza cloth, a medicated cloth for the topical treatment of primary axillary hyperhidrosis (uncontrolled excessive underarm sweating). in 2021, we sold the rights to qbrexza. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the sale of the rights to qbrexza.
in february 2019, we acquired all shares of loxo for a purchase price of $6.92 billion, net of cash acquired. under the terms of the agreement, we acquired a pipeline of investigational medicines, including selpercatinib, an oral ret inhibitor, and loxo-305 (pirtobrutinib), an oral btk inhibitor. in the second quarter of 2020, the fda approved selpercatinib (retevmo) under its accelerated approval regulations and continued approval may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our recent acquisitions.
revenue the following table summarizes our revenue activity by region:
2021                                   2020                                       percent change u.s.                   $16,811.0                     $14,229.3                                18
the following are components of the change in revenue compared with the prior year:
foreign exchange rates            -   %             3      %             1      %
percent change                   18   %            12      %            15      %
in the u.s the increase in volume in 2021 was primarily driven by covid-19 antibodies, trulicity®, and taltz®.
outside the u.s. the increase in volume in 2021 was primarily driven by trulicity, olumiant, covid-19 antibodies, verzenio, and taltz. the decrease in realized prices outside the u.s. was primarily driven by the price impact of the updated national reimbursement drug list formulary for certain products, largely tyvyt®, in china.
the following table summarizes our revenue activity in 2021 compared with 2020:
product                                  u.s.                     outside u.s.                         total                         total       percent change trulicity                        $4,914.4                      $1,557.6                         $6,471.9                      $5,068.1                                   28
forteo                              441.6                         360.3                            801.9                       1,046.3                                 (23)
emgality®                           434.5                         142.7                            577.2                         362.9                                   59
erbitux®                            481.8                          66.4                            548.3                         536.4                                    2
(2) covid-19 antibodies include sales for bamlanivimab administered alone as well as sales for bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered together and were made pursuant to euas or similar regulatory authorizations.
(4) olumiant revenue includes sales for baricitinib, for treatment in hospitalized covid-19 patients, that were made pursuant to eua or similar regulatory authorizations.
revenue of trulicity, a treatment for type 2 diabetes and to reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events in adult patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease or multiple cardiovascular risk factors, increased 28 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand. revenue outside the u.s. increased 26 percent, driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower realized prices.
revenue of humalog, an injectable human insulin analog for the treatment of diabetes, decreased 11 percent in the u.s., primarily driven by lower realized prices. humalog's lower realized prices in the u.s. in 2021 were driven by higher contracted rebates and discounts and increased utilization in more highly-rebated government segments, partially offset by lower utilization in the 340b segment. revenue outside the u.s. decreased 1 percent, driven by decreased volume and, to a lesser extent, lower realized prices, largely offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates. included in the revenue of humalog in the u.s. are our own insulin lispro authorized generics. while it is difficult to estimate the severity of the impact of similar insulin lispro products entering the market, we do not expect and have not experienced a rapid and severe decline in revenue. however, due to the impact of competition and due to pricing pressure in the u.s. and some international markets, we expect some price decline and loss of market share to continue over time.
revenue of covid-19 antibodies, treatments for mild to moderate covid-19 for higher-risk patients and for post-exposure prophylaxis in certain individuals for the prevention of sars-cov-2 infection, was $1.98 billion in the u.s. during the year ended december 31, 2021. revenue outside the u.s. was $261.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2021. the availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures, such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have and could further negatively impact or eliminate demand for these covid-19 antibodies. the fda has revised, and may in the future revise, any eua for our covid-19 antibodies in response to the prevalence of variants against which our antibodies have varying degrees of efficacy. we expect that additional revenue from the sale of bamlanivimab and etesevimab after the first quarter of 2022 will be limited.
revenue of taltz, a treatment for moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, active psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis, increased 20 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand, partially offset by lower realized prices due to increased rebates to gain commercial access. revenue outside the u.s. increased 34 percent, primarily driven by increased volume.
revenue of alimta, a treatment for various cancers, decreased 2 percent in the u.s., driven by decreased volume, partially offset by higher realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. decreased 22 percent, primarily driven by decreased volume due to the entry of generic competition in certain markets and, to a lesser extent, lower realized prices, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates. following the loss of exclusivity in major european countries and japan in june 2021, we faced, and remain exposed to, generic competition which has eroded revenue and is likely to continue to rapidly and severely erode revenue from current levels. in the u.s., we expect the limited entry of generic competition starting february 2022 and subsequent unlimited entry starting april 2022. we expect that the entry of generic competition following the loss of exclusivity in the u.s. will cause a rapid and severe decline in revenue. see "executive overview - other matters- patent matters" for additional information.
revenue of jardiance, a treatment for type 2 diabetes, to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death in adult patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease, and to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death and hospitalization for heart failure in adults with heart failure and reduced ejection fraction, increased 30 percent in the u.s., primarily driven by increased demand. revenue outside the u.s. increased 28 percent, primarily driven by increased volume. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our collaboration with boehringer ingelheim involving jardiance.
revenue of verzenio, a treatment for hr+, her2- metastatic breast cancer and high risk early breast cancer, increased 35 percent in the u.s., driven by increased demand. revenue outside the u.s. increased 75 percent, driven by increased volume.
revenue of humulin, an injectable human insulin for the treatment of diabetes, decreased 4 percent in the u.s., driven by decreased demand and, to a lesser extent, lower realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. decreased 1 percent, driven by decreased volume, largely offset by higher realized prices and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
revenue of olumiant, a treatment for adults with moderately-to-severely active rheumatoid arthritis, moderate to severe atopic dermatitis, and of baricitinib, a treatment, with or without remdesivir, of hospitalized patients with covid-19, increased $260.3 million in the u.s., driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, higher realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. increased 38 percent, driven by increased volume and, to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower realized prices. increased volume worldwide was partially driven by utilization of olumiant for the treatment of hospitalized patients with covid-19.
revenue of cyramza, a treatment for various cancers, decreased 6 percent in the u.s., driven by decreased demand, partially offset by higher realized prices. revenue outside the u.s. increased 4 percent, driven by increased volume, partially offset by lower realized prices.
gross margin, costs, and expenses gross margin as a percent of revenue was 74.2 percent in 2021, a decrease of 3.5 percentage points compared with 2020, driven by higher sales of covid-19 antibodies.
research and development expenses increased 15 percent to $7.03 billion in 2021, primarily driven by higher development expenses for late-stage assets.
marketing, selling, and administrative expenses increased 5 percent to $6.43 billion in 2021, primarily due to increased marketing costs to continue to drive growth for certain products, investment in preparation for new launches, and lower marketing activities in 2020 as a result of pandemic-related spending reductions.
we recognized acquired ipr&d charges of $874.9 million and $660.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to business development transactions. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we recognized asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges of $316.1 million in 2021. the charges were primarily related to an impairment of a contract-based intangible asset from our acquisition of loxo, an intangible asset impairment resulting from the sale of the rights to qbrexza, as well as acquisition and integration costs associated with the acquisition of prevail. in 2020, we recognized $131.2 million of asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges primarily related to severance costs incurred as a result of actions taken worldwide to reduce our cost structure.
other-net, (income) expense was expense of $201.6 million in 2021 compared to income of $1.17 billion in 2020, primarily driven by lower net investment gains on equity securities and a debt extinguishment loss of $405.2 million related to the repurchase of debt.
our effective tax rate was 9.3 percent in 2021, compared with an effective tax rate of 14.3 percent in 2020, primarily driven by the tax impacts of acquired ipr&d charges, lower net investment gains on equity securities, as well as a net discrete tax benefit.
for a discussion of our results of operations pertaining to 2020 and 2019 see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
financial condition and liquidity we believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements, which include:
•working capital requirements, including related to employee payroll, clinical trials, manufacturing materials, and taxes;
•capital expenditures;
•contributions to our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans;
•potential business development activities, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements.
our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. as of december 31, 2021, our material cash requirements primarily related to purchases of goods and services to produce our products and conduct our operations, capital equipment expenditures, dividends, repayment of outstanding borrowings, milestone and royalty payments, the remaining obligations for the one-time repatriation transition tax (also known as the 'toll tax') from the 2017 tax act, leases, unfunded commitments to invest in venture capital funds, and retirement benefits (see notes 11, 4, 14, 10, 7, and 15 to the consolidated financial statements). we anticipate our cash requirements related to ordinary course purchases of goods and services and capital equipment expenditures will be consistent with our past levels relative to revenues.
beginning in 2022, the 2017 tax act contains a provision that requires us to capitalize and amortize research and development expenses for tax purposes, whereas previously we could fully deduct these expenses in the year incurred. while this provision of the 2017 tax act is expected to have an immaterial impact on our consolidated results of operations, if it is not deferred or repealed by congress, we expect that the implementation of this provision will increase our cash payments of income taxes by up to $1.50 billion in 2022 and subsequently decrease our cash payments of income taxes moderately over the five-year amortization period. see "results of operations - executive overview - other matters -tax matters" for additional information.
we plan to invest more than $1 billion over several years in a new facility in concord, north carolina to manufacture parenteral (injectable) products and devices. we plan to invest more than 400 million euros over several years in a new facility in limerick, ireland to expand our manufacturing network for biologic active ingredients.
cash and cash equivalents increased to $3.82 billion as of december 31, 2021, compared with $3.66 billion at december 31, 2020. net cash provided by operating activities was $7.26 billion in 2021, compared with $6.50 billion in 2020. refer to the consolidated statements of cash flows for additional information on the significant sources and uses of cash for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020.
in addition to our cash and cash equivalents, we held total investments of $3.30 billion and $2.99 billion as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in january 2021, we acquired all shares of prevail for a purchase price that included $22.50 per share in cash (or an aggregate of $747.4 million, net of cash acquired) plus one non-tradable cvr per share. the cvr entitles prevail stockholders up to an additional $4.00 per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately $160 million) payable, subject to certain terms and conditions. this acquisition was funded primarily through cash on hand. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as of december 31, 2021, total debt was $16.88 billion, an increase of $289.4 million compared with $16.60 billion at december 31, 2020. in september 2021, we issued euro-denominated notes consisting of €500.0 million of 1.125 percent fixed-rate notes due in september 2051 and €700.0 million of 1.375 percent fixed-rate notes due in september 2061, with interest to be paid annually, and british pound-denominated notes consisting of £250.0 million of 1.625 percent fixed-rate notes due in september 2043, with interest to be paid annually. we paid $1.91 billion of the net cash proceeds from the offering to purchase and redeem certain higher interest rate u.s. dollar-denominated notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.50 billion. we used the remaining net proceeds from the offering to prefund certain 2022 debt maturities and for general corporate purposes. in addition, in september 2021, we issued euro-denominated notes consisting of €600.0 million of 0.50 percent fixed-rate notes due in september 2033, with interest to be paid annually. the net proceeds from the offering will be used to fund, in whole or in part, eligible projects designed to advance one or more of our environmental, social, and governance objectives. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
as of december 31, 2021, we had a total of $5.26 billion of unused committed bank credit facilities, $5.00 billion of which is available to support our commercial paper program. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. we believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs.
for the 136th consecutive year, we distributed dividends to our shareholders. dividends of $3.40 per share and $2.96 per share were paid in 2021 and 2020, respectively. in the fourth quarter of 2021, effective for the dividend to be paid in the first quarter of 2022, the quarterly dividend was increased to $0.98 per share, resulting in an indicated annual rate for 2022 of $3.92 per share.
capital expenditures of $1.31 billion during 2021, compared to $1.39 billion in 2020.
in 2021, we repurchased $1.00 billion of shares, which completed our $8.00 billion share repurchase program authorized in june 2018. additionally, our board authorized a $5.00 billion share repurchase program in may 2021. in 2021, we repurchased $250.0 million of shares under the $5.00 billion share repurchase program. as of december 31, 2021, we had $4.75 billion remaining under the $5.00 billion share repurchase program. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
see "results of operations - executive overview - other matters - patent matters" for information regarding recent and upcoming losses of patent protection.
both domestically and abroad, we continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels.
in the normal course of business, our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, currency values, and fair values of equity securities. these fluctuations can vary the costs of financing, investing, and operating. we seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. the objective of this risk management program is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. all derivative activities are for purposes other than trading.
our primary interest rate risk exposure results from changes in short-term u.s. dollar interest rates. in an effort to manage interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an acceptable balance between fixed and floating rate debt positions and may enter into interest rate derivatives to help maintain that balance. as of december 31, 2021, substantially all of our total long-term debt carries interest at a fixed rate. we have converted approximately 13 percent of our long-term fixed-rate notes to floating rates through the use of interest rate swaps. based on our overall interest rate exposure at december 31, 2021 and 2020, including derivatives and other interest rate risk-sensitive instruments, a hypothetical 10 percent change in interest rates applied to the fair value of the instruments as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or fair values of interest rate risk-sensitive instruments over a one-year period.
our foreign currency risk exposure results from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the u.s. dollar against the euro, japanese yen, and chinese yuan. we face foreign currency exchange exposures when we enter into transactions arising from subsidiary trade and loan payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our global operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of the period. we may enter into foreign currency forward or option derivative contracts to reduce the effect of fluctuating currency exchange rates (primarily the euro, the japanese yen, and chinese yuan). our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. gains and losses on these derivative contracts offset, in part, the impact of currency fluctuations on the existing assets and liabilities. we periodically analyze the fair values of the outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts to determine their sensitivity to changes in foreign exchange rates. a hypothetical 10 percent change in exchange rates (primarily against the u.s. dollar) applied to the fair values of our outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, would not have a material impact on earnings, cash flows, or financial position over a one-year period. this sensitivity analysis does not consider the impact that hypothetical changes in exchange rates would have on the underlying foreign currency denominated transactions.
our fair value risk exposure relates primarily to our public equity investments and to equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, our carrying values of these investments were $1.83 billion and $2.04 billion, respectively. a hypothetical 20 percent change in fair value of the equity instruments would have impacted other-net, (income) expense by $365.6 million and $407.6 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. we acquire and collaborate on potential products still in development and enter into research and development arrangements with third parties that often require milestone and royalty payments to the third party contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. milestone payments may be required contingent upon the successful achievement of an important point in the development life cycle of the pharmaceutical product (e.g., approval for marketing by the appropriate regulatory agency or upon the achievement of certain sales levels). if required by the arrangement, we may make royalty payments based upon a percentage of the sales of the product in the event that regulatory approval for marketing is obtained.
individually, these arrangements are generally not material in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements were reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate expense or aggregate milestone payments made could be material to our results of operations or cash flows, respectively, in that period. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. these arrangements often give us the discretion to unilaterally terminate development of the product, which would allow us to avoid making the contingent payments; however, we are unlikely to cease development if the compound successfully achieves milestone objectives. we also note that, from a business perspective, we view these payments as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from sales of products.
application of critical accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., we must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and consequently actual results could differ from those estimates. for any given individual estimate or assumption we make, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. we believe that, given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any such other reasonable judgment would cause a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. our most critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our audit committee and are described below.
revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals we recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. for product sales to customers, provisions for returns, rebates and discounts are established in the same period the related product sales are recognized. to determine the appropriate transaction price for our product sales at the time we recognize a sale to a direct customer, we estimate any rebates or discounts that ultimately will be due to the direct customer and other customers in the distribution chain under the terms of our contracts. significant judgments are required in making these estimates. the largest of our sales rebate and discount amounts are rebates associated with sales covered by managed care, medicare, medicaid, chargeback, and patient assistance programs in the u.s. in determining the appropriate accrual amount, we consider our historical rebate payments for these programs by product as a percentage of our historical sales as well as any significant changes in sales trends (e.g., patent expiries and product launches), an evaluation of the current contracts for these programs, the percentage of our products that are sold via these programs, and our product pricing.
refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on revenue recognition and sales return, rebate, and discount accruals.
revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements will include our share of profits from the collaboration, as well as royalties, upfront and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts.
financial statement impact we believe that our accruals for sales returns, rebates, and discounts are reasonable and appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. our rebate and discount liabilities are included in sales rebates and discounts on our consolidated balance sheet. our sales return liability is included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. as of december 31, 2021, a 5 percent change in our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability would have led to an approximate $366 million effect on our income before income taxes.
the portion of our consolidated sales return, rebate, and discount liability resulting from sales of our products in the u.s. was approximately 90 percent as of december 31, 2021 and 2020.
the following represents a roll-forward of our most significant u.s. sales return, rebate, and discount liability balances, including managed care, medicare, medicaid, chargeback, and patient assistance programs:
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, beginning of year            $5,400.0                     $4,635.5
sales return, rebate, and discount liabilities, end of year                  $6,161.6                     $5,400.0
(1) adjustments of the estimates for these returns, rebates, and discounts to actual results were less than 1 percent of consolidated revenue for each of the years presented.
litigation liabilities and other contingencies background and uncertainties litigation liabilities and other contingencies are, by their nature, uncertain and based upon complex judgments and probabilities. the factors we consider in developing our litigation liability reserves and other contingent liability amounts include the merits and jurisdiction of the litigation, the nature and the number of other similar current and past matters, the nature of the product and the current assessment of the science subject to the litigation, as applicable, and the likelihood of settlement and current state of settlement discussions, if any. in addition, we accrue for certain liability claims incurred, but not filed, to the extent we can formulate a reasonable estimate of their costs based primarily on historical claims experience and data regarding product usage. we accrue legal defense costs expected to be incurred in connection with significant liability contingencies when both probable and reasonably estimable.
we also consider the insurance coverage we have to diminish the exposure for periods covered by insurance. in assessing our insurance coverage, we consider the policy coverage limits and exclusions, the potential for denial of coverage by the insurance company, the financial condition of the insurers, and the possibility of and length of time for collection. due to a very restrictive market for litigation liability insurance, we are self-insured for litigation liability losses for all our currently marketed products. in addition to insurance coverage, we consider any third-party indemnification to which we are entitled or under which we are obligated. with respect to our third-party indemnification rights, these considerations include the nature of the indemnification, the financial condition of the indemnifying party, and the possibility of and length of time for collection.
the litigation accruals and environmental liabilities and the related estimated insurance recoverables have been reflected on a gross basis as liabilities and assets, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
acquisitions background and uncertainties to determine whether acquisitions or licensing transactions should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition, we make certain judgments, which include assessing whether the acquired set of activities and assets would meet the definition of a business under the relevant accounting rules.
if the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business, assets acquired and liabilities assumed are required to be recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets, where applicable, is recorded as goodwill. if the acquired set of activities and assets does not meet the definition of a business, the transaction is recorded as an acquisition of assets and, therefore, any acquired ipr&d that does not have an alternative future use is charged to expense at the acquisition date, and goodwill is not recorded. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the judgments made in determining estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, as well as estimated asset lives, can materially affect our consolidated results of operations. the fair values of intangible assets, including acquired ipr&d, are determined using information available near the acquisition date based on estimates and assumptions that are deemed reasonable by management. significant estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, probability of technical success, revenue growth and discount rate. depending on the facts and circumstances, we may deem it necessary to engage an independent valuation expert to assist in valuing significant assets and liabilities.
the fair values of identifiable intangible assets are primarily determined using an "income method," as described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
the fair value of any contingent consideration liability that results from a business combination is primarily determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, as described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. estimating the fair value of contingent consideration requires the use of significant estimates and judgments, including, but not limited to, probability of technical success and the discount rate.
financial statement impact as of december 31, 2021, a 5 percent change in the contingent consideration liability would result in a change in income before income taxes of $3.5 million.
impairment of indefinite-lived and long-lived assets background and uncertainties we review the carrying value of long-lived assets (both intangible and tangible) for potential impairment on a periodic basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. we identify impairment by comparing the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset (or asset group) to its carrying value. if an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset's net book value over its fair value, and the cost basis is adjusted.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value is performed to determine the amount of any impairment.
several methods may be used to determine the estimated fair value of acquired ipr&d, all of which require multiple assumptions. we utilize the "income method," as described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
for acquired ipr&d assets, the risk of failure has been factored into the fair value measure and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield a successful product, as discussed previously in "results of operations - executive overview - late-stage pipeline." the nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. as such, it is likely that some acquired ipr&d assets will become impaired in the future.
estimates of future cash flows, based on what we believe to be reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections, require management's judgment. actual results could vary materially from these estimates.
retirement benefits assumptions background and uncertainties defined benefit pension plan and retiree health benefit plan costs include assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, and retirement age. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our retirement benefits.
annually, we evaluate the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. we use an actuarially determined, plan-specific yield curve of high quality, fixed income debt instruments to determine the discount rates. in evaluating the expected return on plan assets, we consider many factors, with a primary analysis of current and projected market conditions, asset returns and asset allocations (approximately 75 percent of which are growth investments), and the views of leading financial advisers and economists. we may also review our historical assumptions compared with actual results, as well as the discount rates and expected return on plan assets of other companies, where applicable. in evaluating our expected retirement age assumption, we consider the retirement ages of our past employees eligible for pension and medical benefits together with our expectations of future retirement ages.
annually, we determine the fair value of the plan assets in our defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans. approximately 38 percent of our plan assets are in hedge funds and private equity-like investment funds (collectively, alternative assets). we value these alternative investments using significant unobservable inputs or using the net asset value reported by the counterparty, adjusted as necessary. inputs include underlying net asset values, discounted cash flows valuations, comparable market valuations, and adjustments for currency, credit, liquidity and other risks.
financial statement impact if the 2021 discount rate for the u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans (u.s. plans) were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $21.6 million. if the 2021 expected return on plan assets for u.s. plans were to change by a quarter percentage point, income before income taxes would change by $31.5 million. if our assumption regarding the 2021 expected age of future retirees for u.s. plans were adjusted by one year, our income before income taxes would be affected by $51.1 million. the u.s. plans, including puerto rico, represent approximately 80 percent of each of the total projected benefit obligation and total plan assets at december 31, 2021.
adjustments to the fair value of plan assets are not recognized in pension and retiree health benefit expense in the year that the adjustments occur. such changes are deferred, along with other actuarial gains and losses, and are amortized into expense over the expected remaining service life of employees.
income taxes background and uncertainties we prepare and file tax returns based upon our interpretation of tax laws and regulations, and we record estimates based upon these interpretations. our tax returns are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities, which could result in future tax, interest, and penalty assessments. inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of many tax positions due to changes in tax law resulting from legislation and regulation as concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. the amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted for changes in facts and circumstances. for example, adjustments could result from changes to existing tax law, the issuance of regulations by taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of a tax examination. we believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. we recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
we have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses, tax credits, and other tax carryforwards and carrybacks in certain taxing jurisdictions. in evaluating whether we would more likely than not recover these deferred tax assets, we have not assumed future taxable income in the jurisdictions associated with these carryforwards where history does not support such an assumption. implementation of tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or to generate future taxable income in these jurisdictions could lead to the reversal of all or a portion of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense.
financial statement impact as of december 31, 2021, a 5 percent change in the amount of uncertain tax positions and the valuation allowance would result in a change in net income of $84.9 million and $43.8 million, respectively.
legal and regulatory matters information relating to certain legal proceedings can be found in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and is incorporated here by reference.