item 1a. - risk factors you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below as well as the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in connection with evaluating the company. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. certain statements in "risk factors" are forward-looking statements. see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - special note regarding forward-looking statements."
risks related to our business the covid-19 pandemic has materially adversely affected the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupted our operations, and we expect this adverse impact to continue until the covid-19 pandemic is contained.
we expect the impact of the disruptions resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results, will continue to be dictated by the length of time such disruptions continue. although all our properties are currently open, we cannot predict whether future closures would be appropriate or could be mandated. even once travel advisories and restrictions are modified or cease to be necessary, demand for integrated resorts may remain weak for a significant length of time and we cannot predict if or when the gaming and non-gaming activities of our properties will return to pre-outbreak levels of volume or pricing. in particular, future demand for integrated resorts may be negatively impacted by the adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, including higher unemployment rates, declines in income levels and loss of personal wealth or reduced business spending for mice resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we cannot predict the ultimate impact the covid-19 pandemic will have on our mall tenants in macao and singapore.
our businesses would also be impacted should the disruptions from the covid-19 pandemic impact our current construction projects-for example, we have experienced delays in construction projects in singapore, as we had expected to commence construction on a new tower of marina bay sands by april 2022 and do not expect to be able to commence construction on that timeline. there are certain limitations on our ability to mitigate the adverse financial impact of these matters, such as the fixed costs at our properties, the access to construction labor due to immigration restrictions or construction materials due to vendor supply chain delays. government measures intended to address the covid-19 pandemic, such as mandatory quarantines, vaccine mandates and regular testing requirements, could also impact the availability of our employees or other workers or could lead to attrition of key employees or reduced willingness of customers to come to our properties. any of these events may continue to disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could continue to generally disrupt our operations or construction projects, particularly in singapore where we heavily rely on foreign personnel for construction projects and food and beverage services and other labor-intensive tasks.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation of the covid-19 pandemic and around the imposition or relaxation of protective measures, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate spending as a result of downturns in the economy.
consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and conventions and for the type of luxury amenities we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary spending. changes in discretionary consumer spending or corporate spending on conventions and business travel could be driven by many factors, such as: perceived or actual general economic conditions; fear of exposure to a widespread health epidemic, such as the covid-19 pandemic; any weaknesses in the job or housing market; credit market disruptions; high energy, fuel and food costs; the increased cost of travel; the potential for bank failures; perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth; fears of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; or fear of war, political instability, civil unrest or future acts of terrorism. these factors could reduce consumer and corporate demand for the luxury amenities and leisure and business activities we offer, thus imposing additional limits on pricing and harming our operations.
natural or man-made disasters, an outbreak of highly infectious or contagious disease, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war could materially adversely affect the number of visitors to our facilities and disrupt our operations.
so-called "acts of god," such as typhoons and rainstorms, particularly in macao, and other natural disasters, man-made disasters, outbreaks of highly infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war may result, and in the case of the covid-19 pandemic, have resulted, in decreases in travel to and from, and economic activity in, areas in which we operate, and may adversely affect, and the covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected, the number of visitors to our properties. we also face potential risks associated with the physical effects of climate change, which may include more frequent or severe storms, typhoons, flooding, rising sea levels and shortages of water. to the extent climate change causes additional changes in weather patterns, our properties along the coast in macao could be subject to an increase in the number and severity of typhoons and rising sea levels causing damage to these properties, while las vegas could be subject to extreme drought conditions leading to water restrictions. any of these events may disrupt our ability to staff our business adequately, could generally disrupt our operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. although we have insurance coverage with respect to some of these events, we cannot assure you any such coverage will provide any coverage or be sufficient to indemnify us fully against all direct and indirect costs, including any loss of business that could result from substantial damage to, or partial or complete destruction of, any of our properties.
our business is sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel.
we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local residents. most of our customers travel to reach our macao, singapore and las vegas properties. infectious diseases may severely disrupt, and in the case of the covid-19 pandemic, have severely disrupted, domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to macao, singapore and las vegas, including our properties. regional political events, acts of terrorism or civil unrest, including those resulting in travelers perceiving areas as unstable or an unwillingness of governments to grant visas, regional conflicts or an outbreak of hostilities or war could have a similar effect on domestic and international travel. management cannot predict the extent to which disruptions from these types of events in air or other forms of travel would have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to obtain and maintain licenses from various jurisdictions in order to operate certain aspects of our business, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. we also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. there can be no assurance we will be able to obtain new licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, or if such licenses are obtained, such licenses will not be conditioned, suspended or revoked; and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. see "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing" for further description of regulations that govern our operations.
we are subject to regulations imposed by the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. any violation of the fcpa could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. u.s. governmental authorities have evidenced an increased focus on the gaming industry and compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations. for instance, we are subject to regulation under the currency and foreign transactions reporting act of 1970, commonly known as the "bank secrecy act" ("bsa"), which, among other things, requires us to report to the financial crimes enforcement network ("fincen") certain currency transactions in excess of applicable thresholds and certain suspicious activities where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect such transactions involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to violate federal law or regulations or are designed to evade reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. in addition, under the bsa, we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. our compliance with the bsa is subject to periodic audits by the u.s. treasury department, and we may be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, if we fail to comply with applicable regulations. we are also subject to similar regulations in singapore and macao, as well as regulations set forth by the gaming authorities in the areas in which we operate. any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations, or any accusations of money laundering or regulatory investigations into possible money laundering activities, by any of our properties, employees or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
certain local gaming laws apply to our gaming activities and associations in other jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate.
we are required to comply with certain reporting requirements concerning our current and proposed gaming activities and associations, including macao, singapore and other jurisdictions. we will also be subject to disciplinary action by the nevada commission if we fail to comply with nevada gaming laws that govern our operations, as further described in "item 1 - business - regulation and licensing - state of nevada."
the gaming authorities in other jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate, including in macao and singapore, exercise similar powers for purposes of assessing suitability in relation to our activities in other gaming jurisdictions where we do business. any gaming laws and regulations that apply to us could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted, and we may incur significant costs to comply, or may be unable to comply, with any new or modified gaming laws and regulations.
we depend primarily on our properties in three markets for all of our cash flow, and because we are a parent company our primary source of cash is and will be distributions from our subsidiaries.
we will not have material operations other than our macao and singapore properties after the completion of the sale of our las vegas operating properties in the first quarter of 2022. as a result, we are primarily dependent upon our asia properties for all of our cash. given our operations will be conducted primarily at properties in macao and singapore and a large portion of our planned development is in macao and singapore, we are subject to greater risk than if we were more diversified.
additionally, because we are a parent company with limited business operations of our own, our main asset is the capital stock of our subsidiaries. we conduct most of our business operations through our direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our primary sources of cash are dividends and distributions with respect to our ownership interests in our subsidiaries derived from the earnings and cash flow generated by our operating properties. our subsidiaries' payments to us will be contingent upon their earnings and upon other business considerations, which may be impacted by the factors described above. for example, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, we suspended our quarterly dividend program beginning in april 2020, and scl suspended its dividend payments after paying its interim dividend for 2019 on february 21, 2020.
in addition, our macao and singapore credit agreements, under certain circumstances, may limit or prohibit certain payments of dividends or other distributions to us. we expect future debt instruments for the financing of future developments may contain similar restrictions.
our current debt service obligations contain, or any future debt service obligations and instruments may contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to:
•incur additional debt, including providing guarantees or credit support;
•dispose of certain assets;
•make certain acquisitions;
•pay dividends or make distributions and make other restricted payments, such as purchasing equity interests, repurchasing junior indebtedness or making investments in third parties;
•enter into sale and leaseback transactions;
•engage in any new businesses;
•enter into transactions with our stockholders and our affiliates.
in addition, our macao, singapore and u.s. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - long-term debt" for further description of these covenants.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $14.80 billion of long-term debt outstanding, net of original issue discount and deferred offering costs (excluding those costs related to our revolving facilities). this indebtedness could have important consequences to us. for example, it could:
•make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt service obligations;
•increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital needs, capital expenditures, development projects, acquisitions or general corporate purposes;
•require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available for our operations and development projects;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
subject to applicable laws, including gaming laws, and certain agreed upon exceptions, our singapore debt is secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of our singapore operations.
our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon general economic and credit market conditions, approval required by local government regulators, adequate liquidity in the global credit markets, the particular circumstances of the gaming industry, and prevalent regulations and our cash flow and operations, in each case as evaluated at the time of such potential refinancing or replacement. we have a principal amount of $74 million, $826 million, $1.89 billion, $3.34 billion and $3.50 billion in long-term debt maturing during the years ending december 31, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. if we are unable to refinance or generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments, or reduce dividend payments. there is no assurance any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements.
we may attempt to arrange additional financing to fund the remainder of our planned, and any future, development projects. if we are required to raise additional capital in the future, our access to and cost of financing will depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, our prospects and our credit ratings. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt financing would be further negatively impacted. in addition, the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants, or require incremental collateral, which may further restrict our business operations or be unavailable due to our covenant restrictions then in effect. there is no guarantee that debt financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. our current debt service obligations contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, and our macao, singapore and u.s. credit agreements contain various financial covenants. scl, mbs and lvsc have each entered into a waiver and amendment request letter with their lenders to waive certain of their financial covenants through january 1, 2023 for scl and december 31, 2022 for both mbs and lvsc.
the libor calculation method may change and libor is expected to be phased out after 2021.
some of our credit facilities calculate interest on the outstanding principal balance using london interbank offered rate ("libor") or rates that are based, in part, based on libor such as the singapore swap offer rates ("sor"). on march 5, 2021, the united kingdom financial conduct authority (the "fca") announced the cessation dates for libor, with all tenors being ceased by june 30, 2023. in response to the announced cessation of libor, we have renegotiated one of our credit facilities that references libor or sor as a factor in determining the interest rate for a replacement reference rate and will likely renegotiate others in the future. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of any such changes or any other reforms to libor or sor that may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere.
we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
we record transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting entities. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, which subjects us to foreign currency translation risks. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the functional currencies of our foreign operations could have an adverse effect on our u.s. dollar financial results.
we are a parent company whose primary source of cash is distributions from our subsidiaries. fluctuations in the u.s. dollar/sgd exchange rate, the u.s. dollar/macao pataca exchange rate and/or the u.s. dollar/hong kong dollar ("hkd") exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on the amount of dividends and distributions from our singapore and macao operations.
we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables from our credit players.
we conduct our gaming activities on a credit and cash basis. any such credit we extend is unsecured. table games players typically are extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players typically are extended more credit than players who tend to wager lesser amounts.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, approximately 14.5%, 7.9% and 53.9% of our table games drop at our macao properties, marina bay sands and our las vegas properties, respectively, was from credit-based wagering. we extend credit to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. these large receivables could have a significant impact on our results of operations if deemed uncollectible.
while gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a "marker," and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions around the world, including jurisdictions our gaming customers may come from, may determine, or have determined, enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from courts in the u.s. and elsewhere are not binding in the courts of many foreign nations.
in particular, we expect our macao operations will be able to enforce gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macao. to the extent our macao gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, our macao operations may not have access to a forum in which it will be possible to collect all gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and our macao operations may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. moreover, under applicable law, our macao operations remain obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.
it is also possible our singapore operations may not be able to collect gaming debts because, among other reasons, courts of certain jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts. to the extent our singapore gaming customers'
assets are situated in such jurisdictions, our singapore operations may not be able to take enforcement action against such assets to facilitate collection of gaming receivables.
even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible. our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
win rates for our gaming operations depend on a variety of factors, some beyond our control, and the winnings of our gaming customers could exceed our casino winnings.
the gaming industry is characterized by an element of chance. in addition to the element of chance, win rates are also affected by other factors, including players' skill and experience, the mix of games played, the financial resources of players, the spread of table limits, the volume of bets played and the amount of time played. our gaming profits are mainly derived from the difference between our casino winnings and the casino winnings of our gaming customers. since there is an inherent element of chance in the gaming industry, we do not have full control over our winnings or the winnings of our gaming customers. if the winnings of our gaming customers exceed our winnings, we may record a loss from our gaming operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our gaming customers may attempt or commit fraud or cheat in order to increase winnings. acts of fraud or cheating could involve the use of counterfeit chips or other tactics, possibly in collusion with our employees. internal acts of cheating could also be conducted by employees through collusion with dealers, surveillance staff, floor managers or other casino or gaming area staff. failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses in our gaming operations. in addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations face significant competition, which may increase in the future.
the hotel, resort and casino businesses in macao, singapore and las vegas are highly competitive. our macao properties compete with numerous other casinos located within macao. additional macao facilities announced by our competitors and the increasing capacity of hotel rooms in macao could add to the competitive dynamic of the market.
our macao and singapore operations will also compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in asia, including south korea, malaysia, philippines, australia, cambodia and elsewhere in the world, including las vegas, as well as online gaming and cruise ships that offer gaming. our operations also face increased competition from new developments in malaysia, australia and south korea. in addition, certain countries have legalized, and others may in the future legalize, casino gaming, including japan, taiwan, thailand and vietnam.
our las vegas operations compete, to some extent, with other hotel/casino facilities in nevada, casinos located on native american tribal lands, including those in california, as well as hotel/casinos and other resort facilities and vacation destinations elsewhere in the united states and around the world. our sands expo center provides recurring demand for mid-week room nights for business travelers who attend meetings, trade shows and conventions in las vegas and presently competes with other large convention centers, including convention centers in las vegas and other cities. to the extent these competitors are able to capture a substantially larger portion of the trade show and convention business, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the proliferation of gaming venues and gaming activities, such as online gaming, as well as renovations and expansions by our competitors, and their ability to attract customers away from our properties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures, including through acquisitions or strategic transactions, may not be successful.
we may opportunistically seek to expand our business through, among other things, expansion into new geographies or new ventures complementary to our current operations. these attempts to expand our business could increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. in addition, our attempts to expand into new geographies could pose additional challenges given our limited operational experience in other jurisdictions. in order to facilitate such expansion, we may engage in strategic and complementary acquisitions and other transactions or investments involving other integrated resort, hospitality or gaming brands, businesses, properties or other assets, either on our own or in partnership with others, which are subject to challenges and risks that could affect our business, including: our incurrence of significant transaction costs in connection with the pending transaction or investment, regardless of whether it is completed; the restrictions on and obligations with respect to our business that may exist in connection with the pending transaction or investment; fluctuations in our market value, including the depreciation in our market value if the pending transaction or investment is not completed or the failure of the transaction or investment, even if completed, to increase our market value; and failure to integrate acquired businesses successfully or achieve the anticipated benefits or synergies of the transaction. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investments, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks associated with our international operations there are significant risks associated with our construction projects.
we previously announced the renovation, expansion and rebranding of sands cotai central into the londoner macao and the mbs expansion project in singapore. these development projects and any other construction projects we undertake will entail significant risks. construction activity requires us to obtain qualified contractors and subcontractors, the availability of which may be uncertain. construction projects are subject to cost overruns and delays caused by events outside of our control or, in certain cases, our contractors' control, such as shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference, unanticipated cost increases and unavailability of construction materials or equipment. construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite materials, licenses, permits, allocations and authorizations from governmental or regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay, jeopardize, prevent the construction or opening of our projects, or otherwise affect the design and features. construction contractors or counterparties for our current projects may be required to bear certain cost overruns for which they are contractually liable, and if such counterparties are unable to meet their obligations, we may incur increased costs for such developments. for example, we are obligated to commence certain construction projects in singapore under the second development agreement by april 2022, which we will be unable to timely commence. we are in discussions with the singapore government on the duration of the timeline extension for commencement and completion of the expansion of mbs to fulfill its obligations under the second development agreement. if such extension is not obtained, we will be in breach of our obligations under the second development agreement. in addition, the number of ongoing projects and their locations throughout the world present unique challenges and risks to our management structure. if our management is unable to manage successfully our worldwide construction projects, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the anticipated costs and completion dates for our current projects are based on budgets, designs, development and construction documents and schedule estimates are prepared with the assistance of architects and other construction development consultants and are subject to change as the design, development and construction documents are finalized and as actual construction work is performed. a failure to complete our projects on budget or on schedule may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our subconcession expires on june 26, 2022. if our subconcession is not extended or renewed, vml may be prohibited from conducting gaming operations in macao, and we could cease to generate revenues from our gaming operations when our subconcession agreement expires on june 26, 2022. in addition, all of vml's casino premises and gaming-related equipment could be automatically transferred to the macao government without any compensation to us. we cannot assure you we will be able to extend or renew our subconcession on terms favorable to us or at all.
our macao subconcession and singapore concession can be terminated under certain circumstances without compensation to us.
the macao government has the right, after consultation with galaxy casino company limited, to unilaterally terminate our subconcession in the event of vml's serious non-compliance with its basic obligations under the subconcession and applicable macao laws. upon termination of our subconcession, our casinos and gaming-related equipment would automatically be transferred to the macao government without compensation to us and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. the loss of our subconcession would prohibit us from conducting gaming operations in macao, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the development agreements between mbs and the stb contains events of default that could permit the stb to terminate the agreement without compensation to us. if the development agreements are terminated, we could lose our right to operate the marina bay sands and our investment in marina bay sands could be lost.
the number of visitors to macao, particularly visitors from mainland china, may decline or travel to macao may be disrupted.
our vip and mass market gaming customers typically come from nearby destinations in asia, including mainland china, hong kong, south korea and japan. increasingly, a significant number of gaming customers come to our casinos from mainland china. any slowdown in economic growth or changes of china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements could further disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to our casinos in macao as well as the amounts they are willing and able to spend while at our properties.
policies and measures adopted from time to time by the chinese government include restrictions imposed on exit visas granted to residents of mainland china for travel to macao and hong kong, such as those implemented in connection with the covid-19 pandemic. these measures have, and any future policy developments implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macao from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macao.
the macao and singapore governments could grant additional rights to conduct gaming in the future and increase competition we face.
we hold a subconcession under one of only six gaming concessions and subconcessions authorized by the macao government to operate casinos in macao through june 26, 2022. we hold one of two licenses granted by the singapore government to operate a casino in singapore during an exclusive period expiring on january 1, 2031. if the macao government were to allow additional gaming operators in macao or the singapore government were to license additional casinos, we would face additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
conducting business in macao and singapore has certain political and economic risks.
our business development plans, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in macao and singapore, and by changes in policies of the governments or changes in laws and regulations or their interpretations. our operations in macao and singapore are also exposed to the risk of changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies based in those countries. jurisdictional tax laws and regulations may also be subject to amendment or different interpretation and implementation, thereby having an adverse effect on our profitability after tax. these changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
current macao and singapore laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions and licenses are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations. we believe our organizational structure and operations are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations of macao and singapore. these laws and regulations are complex and a court or an administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue regulations, which differs from our interpretation and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our activities in macao and singapore are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies. we cannot assure you we will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, which may have a material adverse effect on our long-term business strategy and operations. macao and singapore laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
the macao government approved smoking control legislation, which prohibits smoking in casinos other than in certain enumerated areas. such legislation may deter potential gaming customers who are smokers from frequenting casinos in jurisdictions with smoking bans such as macao. such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future. we cannot predict the future likelihood or outcome of similar legislation or referendums in other jurisdictions where we operate or the magnitude of any decrease in revenues as a result of such regulations, though any smoking ban could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our tax arrangements with the macao government may not be extended on terms favorable to us or at all beyond their june 26, 2022 expiration dates.
we have had the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macao, which exempts us from paying the 12% corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games, but does not apply to our non-gaming activities. we will continue to benefit from this tax exemption through june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. additionally, we entered into an agreement with the macao government in april 2019, effective through june 26, 2022, providing an annual payment as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml shareholders on dividend distributions paid from vml gaming profits. there is no certainty either of these tax arrangements will be extended beyond their expiration dates.
we are dependent upon gaming promoters for a portion of our gaming revenues in macao.
gaming promoters, which are entities licensed by the gaming regulator in macao to promote gaming and draw vip patrons to casinos, are responsible for a portion of our gaming revenues in macao. there can be no assurance we will be able to maintain, or grow, our relationships with gaming promoters or that gaming promoters will continue to be licensed by the gaming regulator to operate in macao, which could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. for example, consistent with the overall market in macao, we terminated our agreements with our three primary gaming promoters in december 2021.
in addition, the quality of gaming promoters with whom we have relationships is important to our reputation and our ability to continue to operate in compliance with our gaming licenses. while we strive for excellence in our associations with gaming promoters, we cannot assure you the gaming promoters with whom we are associated will meet the high standards we insist upon. if a gaming promoter falls below our standards, we may suffer reputational harm, as well as worsening relationships with, and possible sanctions from, gaming regulators with authority over our operations. in the event a gaming promoter does not meet its financial obligations, there can be no assurance we may not incur financial exposure.
furthermore, we may be held jointly liable with gaming promoters for activities that occur in our casinos. on november 19, 2021, macao's court of final appeal ruled that gaming concessionaires are jointly liable with gaming promoters, including their managers and employees, for activities carried out by gaming promoters in gaming concessionaires' casinos where those activities relate to the typical activity of the gaming promoters and are carried out for the benefit of gaming concessionaires. while we strive for excellence in systems and practices for monitoring the activities of gaming promoters operating in our casinos, we cannot assure you that we will be able to monitor all activities carried out by them. furthermore, we cannot assure you to what extent the macao courts will in the future find us liable for the activities carried out by gaming promoters in our casinos, nor are we able to determine what macao courts would deem typical activities of gaming promoters to be.
the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to limitations of the pataca exchange markets and restrictions on the export of the renminbi.
our revenues in macao are denominated in patacas, the legal currency of macao, and hong kong dollars. the macao pataca is pegged to the hong kong dollar and, in many cases, is used interchangeably with the hong kong dollar in macao. although currently permitted, we cannot assure you patacas will continue to be freely exchangeable into u.s. dollars. also, our ability to convert large amounts of patacas into u.s. dollars over a relatively short period may be limited.
we are currently prohibited from accepting wagers in renminbi, the legal currency of china. there are also restrictions on the remittance of the renminbi from mainland china and the amount of renminbi that can be converted into foreign currencies, including the pataca and hong kong dollar. restrictions on the remittance of the renminbi from mainland china may impede the flow of gaming customers from mainland china to macao, inhibit the growth of gaming in macao and negatively impact our gaming operations. there is no assurance that incremental mainland chinese regulations will not be promulgated in the future that have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of renminbi from mainland china. further, if any new mainland chinese regulations are promulgated in the future that have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of renminbi from mainland china, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.
vml may have financial and other obligations to foreign workers managed by its contractors under government labor quotas.
the macao government has granted vml a quota to permit it to hire foreign workers. vml has effectively assigned the management of this quota to its contractors for the construction of our cotai strip projects. vml, however, remains ultimately liable for all employer obligations relating to these employees, including for payment of wages and taxes and compliance with labor and workers' compensation laws. vml requires each contractor to whom it has assigned the management of part of its labor quota to indemnify vml for any costs or liabilities vml incurs as a result of such contractor's failure to fulfill employer obligations. vml's agreements with its contractors also contain provisions that permit it to retain some payments for up to one year after the contractors' complete work on the projects. we cannot assure you vml's contractors will fulfill their obligations to employees hired under the labor quotas or to vml under the indemnification agreements, or the amount of any indemnification payments received will be sufficient to pay for any obligations vml may owe to employees managed by contractors under vml's quotas. until we make final payments to our contractors, we have offset rights to collect amounts they may owe us, including amounts owed under the indemnities relating to employer obligations. after we have made the final payments, it may be more difficult for us to enforce any unpaid indemnity obligations.
risks associated with our u.s. operations we are subject to a number of risks associated with the proposed sale of the las vegas operations, and these risks could adversely impact our operations, financial condition and business.
on march 2, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements (the "agreements") to sell our las vegas real property and operations, including the venetian resort las vegas and the sands expo and convention center (the "las vegas operations"), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $6.25 billion (the "las vegas sale"). we are subject to a number of risks associated with the las vegas sale, including risks associated with: the failure to satisfy, on a timely basis or at all, the closing conditions set forth in the agreements, including the receipt of regulatory approvals; legal proceedings, judgments or settlements, including those that may be instituted against us, our board of directors and executive officers and others; the restrictions on and obligations with respect to our business set forth in the agreements; any required payments of indemnification obligations under the agreements for retained liabilities and breaches of representations, warranties or covenants; fluctuations in our market value, including the depreciation in our market value if the las vegas sale is not completed or the failure of the transaction, even if completed, to increase our market value; the amount and timing of payments (if any) required under the post-closing contingent lease support agreement to be entered into in connection with the closing of the las vegas sale; failure to receive full repayment of the $1.2 billion in seller financing that we anticipate providing at closing; and conduct of the las vegas operations under the "venetian" and "palazzo" brands and certain other trademarks licensed to the las vegas operations pursuant to the agreements, which could result in reputational harm to certain of the businesses we are retaining that will continue to operate under such brands if the las vegas operations does not continue to operate in accordance with our high standards and applicable law as required under the agreements.
risks related to stock ownership and stockholder matters the interests of our principal stockholders in our business may be different from yours.
dr. adelson (the wife of mr. adelson), her family members and trusts and other entities established for the benefit of dr. adelson's family members (collectively our "principal stockholders") beneficially owned approximately 57% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2021. (mr. adelson was also a principal stockholder prior to his death.) accordingly, our principal stockholders exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs, including the composition of our board of directors and any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the adoption of amendments to our articles of incorporation and the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. the concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our principal stockholders. the interests of our principal stockholders may differ from your interests.
in november 2009, our subsidiary, scl, listed its ordinary shares on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the "scl offering"). we currently own 69.9% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of scl. as a result of scl having stockholders who are not affiliated with us, we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of scl may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of scl. decisions that could have different implications for us and scl, including contractual arrangements we have entered into or may in the future enter into with scl, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest.
certain nevada gaming regulations apply to beneficial owners of our voting securities.
any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10% of our voting securities will be required to apply to the nevada commission for a finding of suitability within 30 days after the chair of the nevada board mails a written notice requiring the filing. under certain circumstances, an "institutional investor" as defined under the regulations of the nevada commission, which acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10%, but not more than 25%, of our voting securities (subject to certain additional holdings as a result of certain debt restructurings or stock repurchase programs under the nevada act), may apply to the nevada commission for a waiver of such finding of suitability requirement if the institutional investor holds our voting securities only for investment purposes. in addition, any beneficial owner of our voting securities, regardless of the number of shares beneficially owned, may be required at the discretion of the nevada commission to file an application for a finding of suitability as such. in either case, a finding of suitability is comparable to licensing and the applicant must pay all costs of investigation incurred by the nevada gaming authorities in conducting the investigation.
any person who fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within 30 days after being ordered to do so by the nevada gaming authorities may be found unsuitable. the same restrictions apply to a record owner if the record owner, after request, fails to identify the beneficial owner. any stockholder found unsuitable who holds, directly or indirectly, any ownership of the common stock of a registered corporation beyond such period of time as may be prescribed by the nevada commission may be guilty of a criminal offense. we are subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us or a licensed subsidiary, we, or any of the licensed subsidiaries:
•pay that person any dividend or interest upon any voting securities;
•allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person;
•pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or
•fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his or her voting securities including, if necessary, purchasing them for cash at fair market value.
human capital related risk factors we depend on the continued services of key officers.
our historical success was principally dependent on our founder, chairman and chief executive officer, sheldon g. adelson. on january 12, 2021, we announced the passing of mr. adelson. on january 26, 2021, we announced robert g. goldstein was appointed chairman and chief executive officer and patrick dumont was appointed president and chief operating officer. our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the services of our senior management team, including messrs. goldstein and dumont. the loss of their services or the services of our other senior managers, or the inability to attract and retain additional senior management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we compete for limited management and labor resources in macao and singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor.
our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and motivate skilled managers and employees at our properties. the macao government requires we only hire macao residents in our casinos for certain employee roles, including as dealers. in addition, we are required in macao to obtain visas and work permits for managers and employees we seek to employ from other countries. there is significant competition in macao and singapore for managers and employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer and competition for these individuals in macao is likely to increase as other competitors expand their operations. such competition has intensified recently as certain skilled managers have elected to return to their home countries due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
we may have to recruit managers and employees from other countries to adequately staff and manage our properties and certain macao government policies affect our ability to hire non-resident managers and employees in certain job classifications. despite our coordination with the macao labor and immigration authorities to ensure our management and labor needs are satisfied, we may not be able to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified managers or employees for our operations or the macao labor and immigration authorities may not grant us the necessary visas or work permits. for example, due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, the government in singapore is increasingly trying to protect jobs for the local population, which could make it more difficult to obtain and renew visas or work permits for our foreign staff members.
if we are unable to obtain, attract, retain and train skilled managers and employees, and obtain any required visas or work permits for our skilled managers and employees, our ability to adequately manage and staff our existing properties and planned development projects could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
labor actions and other labor problems could negatively impact our operations.
from time to time, we have experienced attempts by labor organizations to organize certain of our non-union employees. we cannot provide any assurance we will not experience additional and successful union activity in the future. the impact of any union activity is undetermined and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
general risk factors we may fail to establish and protect our ip rights and could be subject to claims of ip infringement.
we endeavor to establish, protect and enforce our ip, including our trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information. there can be no assurance, however, the steps we take to protect our ip will be sufficient. if a third party successfully challenges our trademarks, we could have difficulty maintaining exclusive rights. if a third party claims we have infringed, currently infringe or could in the future infringe upon its ip rights, we may need to cease use of such ip, defend our rights or take other steps. in addition, if third parties violate their obligations to us to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information or there is a security breach or lapse, or if third parties misappropriate or infringe upon our ip, our business may be affected. our inability to adequately obtain, maintain or defend our ip rights for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer and our insurance costs may increase in the future.
we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties in operation, as well as those in the course of construction, with coverage features and insured limits we believe are customary in their breadth and scope. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a pandemic or catastrophic nature, such as infectious disease, such as the covid-19 pandemic, earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or certain liabilities may be, or are, uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, we may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
certain of our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. failure to satisfy these requirements could result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements.
we are subject to changes in tax laws and regulations.
we are subject to taxation and regulation by various government agencies, primarily in macao, singapore and the u.s. (federal, state and local levels). from time to time, u.s. federal, state, local and foreign governments make substantive changes to income tax, indirect tax and gaming tax rules and the application of these rules, which could result in higher taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law or interpretation, such as the casino tax rates in singapore that will increase and move to a tiered structure on march 1, 2022. in particular, government agencies may make changes that could reduce the profits we can effectively realize from our non-u.s. operations. like most u.s. companies, our effective income tax rate reflects the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the u.s. is taxed at local rates, which are often lower than u.s. tax rates.
if changes in tax laws and regulations were to significantly increase the tax rates on gaming revenues or income, these changes could increase our tax expense and liability, and therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and cybersecurity requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of data and non-electronic information, including credit card numbers and other information in various information systems we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract and may share data. we also maintain internal information about our employees and information relating to our operations. the integrity and protection of that information are important to us. our collection of such information is subject to extensive private and governmental regulation.
privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing and changing frequently, and vary significantly by jurisdiction. we may incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with the various applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations as they emerge and change. compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations also may adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties, and services to our guests and patrons. non-compliance by us, or potentially by third parties with which we share information, with any applicable privacy and cybersecurity law or regulation, including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or dissemination, or breach of security may result in damage to our reputation and could subject us to fines, penalties, required corrective actions, lawsuits, payment of damages, or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
we have experienced a sophisticated criminal cybersecurity attack in the past and may experience with more frequency global cybersecurity and information security threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. there has been an increase in criminal cybersecurity attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed. our information systems and records, including those we maintain with third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber-attacks and information security breaches. cyber-attacks and information security breaches may include attempts to access information, computer malware such as viruses, denial of service, ransomware attacks that encrypt, exfiltrate, or otherwise render data unusable or unavailable in an effort to extort money or other consideration as a condition to purportedly returning the data to a usable form, operator errors or misuse, or inadvertent releases of data or documents, and other forms of electronic and non-electronic information security breaches. our data security measures are reviewed regularly and we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage of customer and employee information. we also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. our third-party information system service providers and other third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements also face risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security or privacy operations. for example, the systems currently used for the transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not us. our gaming operations rely heavily on technology services provided by third parties. in the event there is an interruption of these services to us, it may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, or those of third parties we engage to provide gaming operating systems for the facilities we operate, through cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations.
a significant theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use of information maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team and result in remediation expenses (including liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage and offering incentives to customers or business partners to maintain their relationships after an attack) and regulatory fines, penalties and corrective actions, or lawsuits by regulators, third-party service providers, third parties that share data with us pursuant to contractual agreements and/or people whose data is or may be impacted. such theft, destruction, loss or fraudulent use could also result in litigation by stockholders. advances in computer software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools, and other developments, including continuously evolving attack methods that may exploit vulnerabilities based on these advances, may increase the risk of a security breach or other intrusion. in addition, we may incur increased cybersecurity and privacy protection costs that may include organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. there can be no assurance the insurance we have in place relating to cybersecurity and privacy risks will be sufficient in the event of a major cybersecurity or privacy event. any of these events could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines and other liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulation.
we have incurred and will continue to incur costs to comply with environmental requirements, such as those relating to discharges into the air, water and land, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and the cleanup of properties affected by hazardous substances. under these and other environmental requirements, we may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at our properties and may be held responsible to governmental entities or third parties, as an owner or operator, for property damage, personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs incurred by them in connection with any contamination. these laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial, and the presence of those substances, or the failure to remediate a property properly, may impair our ability to use our properties.
we are subject to risks from litigation, investigations, enforcement actions and other disputes.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or gaming promoters could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or our legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. the investigations, litigation and other disputes may also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could lead to investigations relating to, and possibly negatively impact, our gaming licenses and our ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. we cannot predict the outcome of any pending or future proceedings and the impact they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. while some of these claims are covered by insurance, we cannot be certain that all of them will be, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and governance and sustainability matters.
governments, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on corporate environmental, social and governance ("esg") practices and disclosures, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving and growing. the criteria by which our esg practices are assessed may change due to the evolution of the sustainability landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. if we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, stakeholders may conclude our policies and/or actions with respect to esg matters are inadequate and our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
item 7. - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and other financial information included in this form 10-k. certain statements in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are forward-looking statements. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements."
overview we view each of our integrated resorts as an operating segment. our operating segments in macao consist of the venetian macao; the londoner macao; the parisian macao; the plaza macao and four seasons macao; and the sands macao. our operating segment in singapore is marina bay sands. our operating segments in the u.s. consist of the las vegas operating properties, which includes the venetian resort las vegas and the sands expo center.
during 2021, we achieved milestones in advancing several of our strategic objectives. we continued progress on our key development projects in macao for the conversion of sands cotai central into the londoner macao, we opened the londoner macao hotel in january 2021, featuring 594 london-themed suites, and we opened londoner court in september 2021, featuring approximately 370 luxury suites. in singapore, we initiated development activities associated with the mbs expansion project. we continued to strengthen our balance sheet with the issuance of scl 2027, 2029 and 2031 senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.95 billion. we used the net proceeds from the issuance and cash on hand to redeem in full the outstanding principal amount of the $1.80 billion 4.600% senior notes due 2023, and are prepared to complete the sale of the las vegas property.
on march 2, 2021, we entered into definitive agreements to sell our las vegas real property and operations, including the venetian resort las vegas and the sands expo and convention center, for a total enterprise value of $6.25 billion to pioneer opco, llc, an affiliate of certain funds managed by affiliates of apollo global management, inc., and vici properties l.p, a subsidiary of vici properties inc. the closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory review and other closing conditions and we anticipate the closing of the transaction in the first quarter of 2022.
covid-19 pandemic update in early january 2020, an outbreak of a respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus ("covid-19") was identified and the disease spread rapidly across the world causing the world health organization to declare the outbreak of a pandemic on march 12, 2020 (the "covid-19 pandemic"). governments around the world mandated actions to contain the spread of the virus that included stay-at-home orders, quarantines, capacity limits, closures of non-essential businesses, including entertainment activities, and significant restrictions on travel. the government actions varied based upon a number of factors, including the extent and severity of the covid-19 pandemic within their respective countries and jurisdictions.
visitation to the macao special administrative region ("macao") of the people's republic of china ("china") has remained substantially below pre-covid-19 levels as a result of various government policies limiting or discouraging travel. as of the date of this report, other than people from mainland china who in general may enter macao without quarantine subject to them holding the appropriate travel documents, a negative covid-19 test result issued within a specified time period and a green health-code, there remains in place a complete ban on entry or a need to undergo various quarantine requirements depending on the person's residency and recent travel history. our operations in macao will continue to be impacted and subject to changes in the government policies of macao, china, hong kong and other jurisdictions in asia addressing travel and public health measures associated with covid-19.
on march 3, 2021, the negative covid-19 test requirement to enter casinos was removed; however, various other health safeguards implemented by the macao government remain in place, including mandatory mask protection, limitation on the number of seats per table game, slot machine spacing and temperature checks. management is currently unable to determine when the remaining measures will be eased or cease to be necessary.
as of the date of this report, most businesses are allowed to remain open, subject to social distancing and health code checking requirements as designated by the macao government. in january 2022, the macao government commenced the roll out and trial of a non-mandatory contact tracing qr code function at a range of businesses including government buildings, restaurants, hotels and other public venues.
in support of the macao government's initiatives to fight the covid-19 pandemic, we provided one tower (approximately 2,100 hotel rooms) at the sheraton grand macao to the macao government to house individuals who returned to macao for quarantine purposes. this tower has been utilized for quarantine purposes on several occasions during 2020 and 2021. from october 4, 2021 to october 30, 2021, an additional tower (approximately 1,800 hotel rooms) at the sheraton grand macao was provided.
our macao gaming operations remained open during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020 when our macao gaming operations were suspended from february 5, 2020 to february 19, 2020 due to a government mandate, except for gaming operations at the londoner macao, which resumed on february 27, 2020. some of our macao hotel facilities were also closed during the casino suspension in response to the decrease in visitation and were gradually reopened from february 20, 2020, with the exception of the conrad macao at the londoner macao (the "conrad hotel"), which reopened on june 13, 2020.
operating hours at restaurants and other venues across our macao properties are continuously being adjusted in line with fluctuations in guest visitation. the majority of retail outlets in our various shopping malls are open with reduced operating hours. the timing and manner in which these areas will return to full operation are currently unknown.
our operations in macao have been significantly impacted by the reduced visitation to macao. the macao government announced total visitation from mainland china to macao increased 48.2% and decreased 74.8% for 2021, as compared to 2020 and 2019, respectively. the macao government also announced gross gaming revenue increased by 43.7% and decreased by 70.3% for 2021, as compared to 2020 and 2019, respectively.
as of the date of this report, entry into singapore is largely limited to singapore citizens and permanent residents, with certain visitors allowed from specified countries on a quarantine-free basis, subject to certain requirements and health control measures. additionally, there are no stay-at-home orders or curfews except for certain individuals arriving into singapore who are subject to quarantine and individuals who may be assessed to have been exposed to covid-19 as a result of the government's contact tracing efforts. all operations are currently subject to limited capacities and other social distancing measures. as of the date of this report, marina bays sands has implemented vaccination-differentiated safe management measures ("vds"), allowing only fully vaccinated individuals; individuals who have recovered from covid-19 within the past 180 days; or individuals medically ineligible for covid-19 vaccination to enter the casino and other attractions.
vaccinated travel lanes (vtls) (travel corridors for vaccinated visitors in receipt of a negative covid-19 test) were introduced for a number of key source markets in november and december of 2021, however, due to the emergence of the omicron variant, new ticket sales for the vtls were suspended on december 23, 2021 through january 20, 2022.
our operations at marina bay sands will continue to be impacted and subject to changes in the government policies of singapore and other jurisdictions in asia addressing travel and public health measures associated with covid-19. these government policies will continue to impact (i) the number of people allowed at business-to-business events, sporting events and live performances; (ii) closure or limited seating at food and beverage or entertainment establishments; and (iii) casino capacity limits, among other restrictions. during the year ended december 31, 2021, gaming operations at marina bay sands were closed from may 17 until may 18, and from july 22 until august 4 due to pandemic-related measures in consultation with the singapore government authorities.
as a result of the border closures, visitation to marina bay sands continues to be impacted by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. the singapore tourism board ("stb") announced for the 12 months ended december 31, 2021, total visitation to singapore decreased approximately 88.0% and 98.3%, as compared to the same period in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
effective june 1, 2021, pursuant to state of nevada and nevada gaming control board decisions, all capacity limits, restrictions on large gatherings and other restrictions, which had been implemented in response to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, were lifted and our las vegas operating properties are operating under pre-pandemic guidelines.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, our las vegas operating properties were open subject to various capacity limits in place at various times throughout the year. this compares to the same period in 2020 when our las vegas operating properties operations were suspended on march 18, 2020, due to a government mandate, and on june 4, 2020, the venetian tower, the palazzo tower and select food and beverage outlets reopened, with certain operations subject to reduced capacity. convention, meeting and certain entertainment related operations remained closed for a portion of the year ended december 31, 2020.
visitation to our las vegas operating properties continues to be impacted by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic; however, visitation has increased since restrictions have been lifted. the las vegas convention and visitors authority ("lvcva") announced for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, total visitation to las vegas increased 69.4% and decreased 24.2%, respectively, as compared to the same period in 2020 and 2019. the lvcva also announced for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, gross gaming revenue for the las vegas strip increased 89.9%, and 7.6%, as compared to the same period in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
at our macao properties and marina bay sands, we are adhering to social distancing requirements, which include reduced seating at table games and a decreased number of active slot machines on the casino floor. additionally, there is uncertainty of the impact the covid-19 pandemic will continue to have on operations in future periods. if our integrated resorts are not permitted to resume normal operations, travel restrictions such as those related to inbound travel from other countries are not modified or eliminated, there is a resumption of the suspension of the china individual visit scheme, or the global response to contain the covid-19 pandemic escalates or is unsuccessful, our operations, cash flows and financial condition will be further materially impacted.
while our macao and singapore properties were open and operating at reduced levels due to lower visitation and the implementation of required safety measures as described above during the year ended december 31, 2021, the current economic and regulatory environment on a global basis and in each of our jurisdictions continues to evolve. we cannot predict the manner in which governments will react as the global and regional impact of the covid-19 pandemic changes over time, which could significantly alter our current operations.
we have a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity in place, including total cash and cash equivalents balance, excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents, of $1.85 billion and access to $1.50 billion, $1.75 billion and $438 million of available borrowing capacity from our lvsc revolving facility, 2018 scl revolving facility and the 2012 singapore revolving facility, respectively, and sgd 3.69 billion (approximately $2.73 billion at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) under our singapore delayed draw term facility, exclusively for capital expenditures for the mbs expansion project (subject to restrictions as described further in part i - item 1 - business - development projects), as of december 31, 2021. we believe we are able to support continuing operations, complete the major construction projects that are underway and respond to the current covid-19 pandemic challenges. we have taken various mitigating measures to manage through the current environment, including a cost and capital expenditure reduction program to minimize cash outflow of non-essential items.
macao subconcession gaming in macao is administered by the government through concession agreements awarded to three different concessionaires and three subconcessionaires, of which venetian macau limited ("vml," a subsidiary of sands china ltd.) is one. these concession agreements expire on june 26, 2022. if vml's subconcession is not extended or renewed, vml may be prohibited from conducting gaming operations in macao, and vml could cease to generate revenues from the gaming operations when the subconcession agreement expires on june 26, 2022. in addition, all of vml's casino premises and gaming-related equipment could be automatically transferred to the macao government without any compensation to vml.
on january 18, 2022, the macao legislative assembly published a draft bill entitled amendment to law no. 16/2001 to amend macao's gaming law 16/2002 (the "gaming law").
certain changes to the gaming law set out in the draft bill include a reduction in the term of future gaming concessions to ten (10) years; authorization of up to six (6) gaming concession contracts; an increase in the minimum capital contribution of concessionaires to 5 billion patacas (approximately $622 million at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021); and a prohibition of revenue sharing arrangements between gaming promoters and concessionaires.
we are actively monitoring developments with respect to the macao government's gaming law amendment and concession renewal process and we continue to believe we will be successful in extending the term of our subconcession and/or obtaining a new gaming concession when our current subconcession expires; however, it is possible the macao government could further change or interpret the associated gaming laws in a manner that could negatively impact us.
under our scl senior notes indentures, upon the occurrence of any event resulting from any change in gaming law (as defined in the indentures) after which none of sands china ltd. ("scl") or any of its subsidiaries own or manage casino or gaming areas or operate casino games of fortune and chance in macao in substantially the same manner as they are owning or managing casino or gaming areas or operating casino games as of the issue date of the scl senior notes, for a period of 30 consecutive days or more, and such event has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, properties or results of operations of scl and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, each holder of the scl senior notes would have the right to require us to repurchase all or any part of such holder's scl senior notes at par, plus any accrued and unpaid interest (the "investor put option").
additionally, under the 2018 scl credit facility, the events that trigger an investor put option under the scl senior notes (as described above) would be an event of default, which may result in commitments being immediately cancelled, in whole or in part, and the related outstanding balances and accrued interest, if any, becoming immediately due and payable.
the subconcession not being extended or renewed and the potential impact if holders of the notes and the agent have the ability to, and make the election to, accelerate the repayment of our debt would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we intend to follow the process for a concession renewal once the process and requirements are announced by the macao government.
key operating revenue measurements operating revenues at the venetian macao, the londoner macao, the parisian macao, the plaza macao and four seasons macao, marina bay sands and our las vegas operating properties are dependent upon the volume of customers who stay at the hotel, which affects the price charged for hotel rooms and our gaming volume. operating revenues at sands macao are principally driven by casino customers who visit the property on a daily basis.
management utilizes the following volume and pricing measures in order to evaluate past performance and assist in forecasting future revenues. the various volume measurements indicate our ability to attract customers to our integrated resorts. in casino operations, win and hold percentages indicate the amount of revenue to be expected based on volume. in hotel operations, average daily rate and revenue per available room indicate the demand for rooms and our ability to capture that demand. in mall operations, base rent per square foot indicates our ability to attract and maintain profitable tenants for our leasable space.
casino revenue measurements for macao and singapore: macao and singapore table games are segregated into two groups: rolling chip play (composed of vip players) and non-rolling chip play (mostly non-vip players). the volume measurement for rolling chip play is non-negotiable gaming chips wagered and lost. the volume measurement for non-rolling chip play is table games drop ("drop"), which is net markers issued (credit instruments), cash deposited in the table drop boxes and gaming chips purchased and exchanged at the cage. rolling chip and non-rolling chip volume measurements are not comparable as they are two distinct measures of volume. the amounts wagered and lost for rolling chip play are substantially higher than the amounts dropped for non-rolling chip play. slot handle, also a volume measurement, is the gross amount wagered for the period cited.
we view rolling chip win as a percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip win as a percentage of drop and slot hold (amount won by the casino) as a percentage of slot handle. win or hold percentage represents the percentage of rolling chip volume, non-rolling chip drop or slot handle that is won by the casino and recorded as casino revenue. our win and hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. our rolling chip win percentage is expected to be 3.15% to 3.45% in macao and singapore. actual win percentage may vary from our expected win percentage and historical win and hold percentages. generally, slot machine play is conducted on a cash basis. in macao and singapore, 14.5% and 7.9%, respectively, of our table games play was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended december 31, 2021.
casino revenue measurements for the u.s.: the volume measurements in the u.s. are slot handle, as previously described, and table games drop, which is the total amount of cash and net markers issued deposited in the table drop box. we view table games win as a percentage of drop and slot hold as a percentage of slot handle. our win and hold percentages are calculated before discounts, commissions, deferring revenue associated with our loyalty programs and allocating casino revenues related to goods and services provided to patrons on a complimentary basis. based upon our mix of table games, our table games are expected to produce a win percentage of 18% to 26% for baccarat and 16% to 24% for non-baccarat. actual win percentage may vary from our expected win percentage and historical win and hold percentages. similar to macao and singapore, slot machine play is generally conducted on a cash basis. approximately 53.9% of our table games play at our las vegas operating properties was conducted on a credit basis for the year ended december 31, 2021.
hotel revenue measurements: performance indicators used are occupancy rate (a volume indicator), which is the average percentage of available hotel rooms occupied during a period, and average daily room rate ("adr," a price indicator), which is the average price of occupied rooms per day. available rooms exclude those rooms unavailable for occupancy during the period due to renovation, development or other requirements (such as government mandated closure, lodging for team members and usage by the macao and singapore governments for quarantine measures). the calculations of the occupancy rate and adr include the impact of rooms provided on a complimentary basis. revenue per available room ("revpar") represents a summary of hotel adr and occupancy. because not all available rooms are occupied, adr is normally higher than revpar. reserved rooms where the guests do not show up for their stay and lose their deposit, or where guests check out early, may be re-sold to walk-in guests.
mall revenue measurements: occupancy, base rent per square foot and tenant sales per square foot are used as performance indicators. occupancy represents gross leasable occupied area ("gloa") divided by gross leasable area ("gla") at the end of the reporting period. gloa is the sum of: (1) tenant occupied space under lease and (2) tenants no longer occupying space, but paying rent. gla does not include space currently under development or not on the market for lease. base rent per square foot is the weighted average base or minimum rent charge, excluding rent concessions, in effect at the end of the reporting period for all tenants that would qualify to be included in occupancy. tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the same period. only tenants that have been open for a minimum of 12 months are included in the tenant sales per square foot calculation.
summary financial results our financial results continued to be adversely impacted by continued decreased visitation at each of our operating properties in asia due to the covid-19 pandemic. see "covid-19 pandemic" for further information. net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2021 were $4.23 billion, compared to $2.94 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. operating loss was $689 million, compared to operating loss of $1.39 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. net loss from continuing operations was $1.47 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to net loss from continuing operations of $1.90 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
2021                                                                     2020                    percent change
consolidated net revenues were $4.23 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $1.29 billion compared to $2.94 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase consists of increases of $1.19 billion and $107 million at our macao operations and marina bay sands, respectively, due to increased casino and rooms revenue from increased visitation related to fewer days in which our gaming operations were closed in 2021 compared to 2020.
net casino revenues increased $851 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. revenues at our macao properties and marina bay sands increased $818 million and $33 million, respectively, driven by increases in non-rolling chip drop and slot handle. the following table summarizes the results of our casino activity:
2021                                                                        2020                        change
2021                                                                              2020                        change
(1)    the las vegas operating properties are classified as a discontinued operation held for sale.
in our experience, average win percentages remain fairly consistent when measured over extended periods of time with a significant volume of wagers, but can vary considerably within shorter time periods as a result of the statistical variances associated with games of chance in which large amounts are wagered.
room revenues increased $135 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to increased occupancy rates driven by higher visitation across our properties, as well as our properties being closed for longer periods and select number of rooms being utilized for government quarantine purposes during the year ended december 31, 2020. the following table summarizes the results of our room activity:
2021                                                                          2020                        change
(1)    during the year ended december 31, 2021, 7% of rooms were under construction for renovation purposes.
(2)    the las vegas operating properties are classified as a discontinued operation held for sale.
food and beverage revenues increased $43 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was $34 million and $9 million at our macao properties and marina bay sands, respectively. the increase was due to increased visitation during the year ended december 31, 2021.
mall revenues increased $268 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to a $207 million decrease in rent concessions granted to our mall tenants in macao and singapore compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, as well as a $76 million increase in turnover rents. these items were partially offset by a decrease in occupancy rates for our macao mall operations.
for further information related to the financial performance of our malls, see "additional information regarding our retail mall operations." the following table summarizes the results of our malls on the cotai strip in macao and in singapore:
2021                                                                                 2020                        change
(1)tenant sales per square foot is the sum of reported comparable sales for the trailing 12 months divided by the comparable square footage for the same period.
2021                                                                                    2020                      percent change
provision for credit losses                                3                          86                      (96.5)    %
development                                              109                          18                       505.6    %
loss on disposal or impairment of assets                  27                          73                      (63.0)    %
operating expenses were $4.92 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $590 million compared to $4.33 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was driven by increased visitation due to fewer days in which our properties were closed during 2021 compared to 2020, and an increase in payroll-related costs due to an increase of $121 million in bonuses and incentives and a decrease in payments from the job support scheme in singapore received in 2021. the increase was partially offset by certain cost reduction programs implemented by management beginning in 2020 due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. operating margins in each business segment remain negatively impacted as we have maintained our staffing levels across our jurisdictions through significantly reduced visitation. we have also continued our payroll cost saving initiatives across each of our properties, implemented in 2020, which included utilization of paid time off and voluntary unpaid leave.
room expenses increased $28 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase consisted of increases of $17 million and $11 million at our macao properties and marina bay sands, respectively, consistent with the increase in room revenue.
convention, retail and other expenses decreased $18 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, driven by a $13 million decrease in ferry expenses resulting from decreases in contract labor costs due to a reduction in headcount, lower repair and maintenance costs, and lower fuel costs as ferries were under dry dock. additionally, convention, retail and other expenses at our macao properties decreased $5 million as a result of the cancellation of mice and entertainment events.
the provision for credit losses was $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $86 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to an increased level of provision recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020 due to the aging of patron receivables in connection with the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the amount of this provision can vary over short periods of time because of factors specific to the patrons who owe us money from gaming activities. we believe the amount of our provision for credit losses in the future will depend upon the state of the economy, our credit standards, our risk assessments and the judgment of our employees responsible for granting credit.
general and administrative expenses increased $33 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, consisted of increases of $18 million and $15 million at our macao properties and marina bay sands, respectively. the increases were primarily driven by increases in marketing, payroll and property operation costs.
corporate expenses increased $43 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily driven by $36 million related to payroll and related costs, driven by no bonus expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2020. in addition, travel and related expenses increased by $8 million due to increases in corporate aircraft usage and the related fuel costs, as well as higher fuel prices.
pre-opening expenses represent personnel and other costs incurred prior to the opening of new ventures, which are expensed as incurred. the majority of pre-opening expenses incurred related to the londoner macao.
development expenses were $109 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, and include the costs associated with our evaluation and pursuit of new business opportunities, primarily in florida and texas, as well as our digital gaming efforts. development costs are also expensed as incurred.
loss on disposal or impairment of assets was $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease was primarily due to fewer asset disposals and related demolition costs incurred during the construction of the londoner macao compared to 2020.
segment adjusted property ebitda the following table summarizes information related to our segments (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 18 - segment information" for discussion of our operating segments and a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted property ebitda to net income/loss):
2021                                                                             2020                        percent change
consolidated adjusted property ebitda(1)           $786                     $(48)                     (1,737.5)    %
(1)consolidated adjusted property ebitda, which is a non-gaap financial measure, is used by management as the primary measure of the operating performance of our segments. consolidated adjusted property ebitda is net income/loss before stock-based compensation expense, corporate expense, pre-opening expense, development expense, depreciation and amortization, amortization of leasehold interests in land, gain or loss on disposal or impairment of assets, interest, other income or expense, gain or loss on modification or early retirement of debt and income taxes. consolidated adjusted property ebitda is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure used by management, as well as industry analysts, to evaluate operations and operating performance. in particular, management utilizes consolidated adjusted property ebitda to compare the operating profitability of our operations with those of our competitors, as well as a basis for determining certain incentive compensation. integrated resort companies have historically reported adjusted property ebitda as a supplemental performance measure to gaap financial measures. in order to view the operations of their properties on a more stand-alone basis, integrated resort companies, including las vegas sands corp., have historically excluded certain expenses that do not relate to the management of specific properties, such as pre-opening expense, development expense and corporate expense, from their adjusted property ebitda calculations. consolidated adjusted property ebitda should not be interpreted as an alternative to income from operations (as an indicator of operating performance) or to cash flows from operations (as a measure of liquidity), in each case, as determined in accordance with gaap. we have significant uses of cash flow, including capital expenditures, dividend payments, interest payments, debt principal repayments and income taxes, which are not reflected in consolidated adjusted property ebitda. not all companies calculate adjusted property ebitda in the same manner. as a result, our presentation of consolidated adjusted property ebitda may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
(2)the las vegas operating properties are classified as a discontinued operation held for sale.
adjusted property ebitda at our macao operations increased $769 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase is primarily due to an increase in casino, mall, and rooms revenues due to fewer property closures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the increases were due to increases in table drop and slot handle, reduced rent concessions and increases in occupancy and number of rooms available for sale, respectfully.
adjusted property ebitda at marina bay sands increased $65 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020.the increase was primarily due to an increase in casino revenue and mall operations due to fewer property closures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the increases were due to increased slot handle and reduced rent concessions, respectfully.
adjusted property ebitda at our las vegas operating properties increased $414 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was primarily due to increased casino and room revenue due to no property closures in 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the increases were due to increases in table drop and slot handle and increased occupancy, respectfully.
interest expense the following table summarizes information related to interest expense:
less - capitalized interest                    (15)                            (21)
cash paid for interest                         $606                            $440
interest cost increased $92 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, resulting primarily from increases in our weighted average interest rate and weighted average total debt balance. the weighted average debt balance increased in connection with the issuance of the scl 2026 and 2030 senior notes in june 2020 and draws on the scl revolver during the year ended december 31, 2021. additionally, the weighted average interest rate increased from 4.0% to 4.4% during the year ended december 31, 2021 as a result of the expiration of interest rate swaps in august 2020 related to the scl senior notes (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - long-term debt").
other factors affecting earnings other expense was $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to other income of $19 million during the year ended december 31, 2020. the change is primarily attributable to $51 million of foreign currency transaction losses, mostly driven by the u.s. dollar-denominated debt held by scl.
our income tax benefit was $5 million on a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of $1.47 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, resulting in a (0.3%) effective income tax rate. this compares to a 1.3% effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2020. the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2021, reflects a 17% statutory tax rate on our singapore operations, a 21% corporate income tax rate on our u.s. operations, and a zero percent tax rate on our macao gaming operations due to our income tax exemption in macao. our u.s. operations recorded a tax benefit associated with the pre-tax book losses incurred for the year ended december 31, 2021. our u.s. tax benefit was partially offset by a valuation allowance recorded on certain u.s. foreign tax credits, which we no longer expect to utilize due to lower royalty income resulting from a decrease in revenues from our macao and singapore operations compared to prior estimates.
the net loss attributable to our noncontrolling interests from continuing operations was $315 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, compared to net loss attributable to our noncontrolling interest from continuing operations of $458 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. these amounts were related to the noncontrolling interest of scl.
additional information regarding our retail mall operations the following tables summarize the results of our mall operations on the cotai strip and at marina bay sands for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020:
for the year ended december 31, 2021
marketing and other direct operating expenses                       6                                     4                                    3                                   2                                           6
provision for (recovery of) credit losses                         (1)                                     -                                    -                                   3                                           -
for the year ended december 31, 2020
marketing and other direct operating expenses                       5                                     5                                    2                                   3                                           5
provision for credit losses                                         1                                     -                                    1                                   -                                           -
(3)    the amount for marina bay sands of $6 million related to a grant provided by the singapore government to lessors to support small and medium enterprises impacted by the covid-19 pandemic in connection with their rent obligations.
(4)    commercial property that generates rental income is exempt from property tax for the first six years for newly constructed buildings in cotai. each property is also eligible to obtain an additional six-year exemption, provided certain qualifications are met. to date, the venetian macao, the plaza macao and four seasons macao, the londoner macao and the parisian macao have obtained a second exemption. the exemption for the venetian macao and the plaza macao and four seasons macao expired in august 2019 and august 2020, respectively, and the exemption for the londoner macao and the parisian macao will be expiring in december 2027 and september 2028, respectively.
(5)    mall-related expenses consist of cam, marketing fees and other direct operating expenses, property taxes and provision for credit losses, but excludes depreciation and amortization and general and administrative costs.
it is common in the mall operating industry for companies to disclose mall net operating income ("noi") as a useful supplemental measure of a mall's operating performance. because noi excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, impairment losses, depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from property dispositions, allocations to noncontrolling interests and provision for income taxes, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the revenues and expenses directly associated with owning and operating commercial real estate properties and the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs.
in the table above, we believe taking total mall revenues less mall-related expenses provides an operating performance measure for our malls. other mall operating companies may use different methodologies for deriving mall-related expenses. as such, this calculation may not be comparable to the noi of other mall operating companies.
a discussion of changes in our results of operations between 2020 and 2019 has been omitted from this form 10-k and can be found in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary our cash flows consisted of the following:
net cash generated from (used in) operating activities                                                   $(243)                          $(1,191)
cash flows from investing activities:
capital expenditures                                                                                      (828)                           (1,227)
acquisition of intangible assets and other                                                                 (11)                                 -
net cash generated from (used in) investing activities                                                    (832)                           (1,226)
cash flows from financing activities:
proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                                      19                                24
dividends paid and noncontrolling interest payments                                                           -                             (911)
payments of financing costs                                                                                (38)                              (31)
transaction with discontinued operations                                                                    178                             (205)
net cash generated from (used in) financing activities from continuing operations                           863                               355
effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                      (16)                              (24)
less: cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period for discontinued operations              (55)                              (39)
a discussion of changes in cash flows between 2020 and 2019 has been omitted from this form 10-k and can be found in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
cash flows - operating activities table games play at our properties is conducted on a cash and credit basis, while slot machine play is primarily conducted on a cash basis. our rooms, food and beverage and other non-gaming revenues are conducted primarily on a cash basis or as a trade receivable, resulting in operating cash flows being generally affected by changes in operating income and accounts receivable. for the year ended december 31, 2021, cash used in operations was $243 million, a decrease of $948 million compared to $1.19 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, primarily resulting from a decrease in net loss as our properties remained opened during the year ended december 31, 2021, with the exception of the closure of the casino at marina bay sands on two different occasions (approximately 15 days total), compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, in which our properties were closed at various times and for an extended period. additionally, our net working capital requirements decreased during the year ended december 31, 2021.
cash flows - investing activities capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2021, totaled $828 million, including $653 million in macao, which consisted of $551 million for the londoner macao, $71 million for the venetian macao and $19 million for the plaza macao and four seasons macao; $148 million at marina bay sands in singapore; and $27 million for corporate and other.
capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2020, totaled $1.23 billion, including $1.06 billion in macao, which consisted of $739 million for the londoner macao, $157 million for the plaza macao and four seasons macao primarily for the grand suites at four seasons, and $140 million for the venetian macao; $164 million in singapore; and $5 million for corporate and other.
cash flows - financing activities net cash flows generated from financing activities were $863 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was primarily attributable to net proceeds of $756 million, received from the drawdown of our scl revolving facility, and transactions with discontinued operations. these items were partially offset by a $131 million make-whole premium for the early redemption of the scl senior note due 2023 and $38 million in financing costs related to the issuance of the new unsecured notes at scl and the covenant waivers obtained on the lvsc revolving facility, 2018 scl credit facility and 2012 singapore credit facility.
net cash flows generated from financing activities were $355 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was primarily attributable to the issuance of $1.50 billion of unsecured notes at scl, partially offset by $911 million in dividend payments, and transactions with discontinued operations.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $3.68 billion available for borrowing under our u.s., macao and singapore revolving facilities, net of letters of credit. additionally, we had $2.73 billion available for borrowing under the 2012 singapore delayed draw term facility to finance construction costs incurred in connection with the mbs expansion project.
capital financing overview we fund our development projects primarily through borrowings from our debt instruments (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - long-term debt") and operating cash flows.
in september 2021, scl issued, in a private offering, three series of unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $1.95 billion. the net proceeds from the offering, along with cash on hand, was used to redeem in full the outstanding principal amount of the $1.80 billion 4.600% senior notes due 2023, any accrued interest and the associated make-whole premium as determined under the related senior notes indenture dated as of august 9, 2018. (see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - long-term debt - corporate and u.s. related debt - scl senior notes").
our u.s., scl and singapore credit facilities, as amended, contain various financial covenants, which include maintaining a maximum leverage ratio or net debt, as defined, to trailing twelve-month adjusted earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined. in september 2021, lvsc extended the amendment, pursuant to which lenders, among other things, removed lvsc's requirement to maintain a maximum leverage ratio as of the last day of the fiscal quarter, through and including december 31, 2022. in july 2021, scl extended the waiver and amendment request letter, pursuant to which lenders, among other things, waived scl's requirement to ensure the leverage ratio does not exceed 4.0x and the interest coverage ratio is greater than 2.50x, through january 1, 2023. in september 2021, mbs extended the amendment letter, pursuant to which mbs will not have to comply with the leverage or interest coverage covenants as of the last day of the fiscal quarter, through and including december 31, 2022. our compliance with our financial covenants for periods beyond december 31, 2022 could be affected by certain factors beyond our control, such as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including current travel and border restrictions continuing in the future. we will pursue additional waivers to meet the required financial covenant ratios, which include a maximum leverage ratio of 4.0x, 4.0x and 4.5x under our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, respectively, for periods beyond december 31, 2022 for lvsc and mbs and january 1, 2023 for scl, if deemed necessary. we believe we will be successful in obtaining the additional waivers, although no assurance can be provided that such waivers will be granted, which could negatively impact our ability to be in compliance with our debt covenants for periods beyond december 31, 2022 for lvsc and mbs and january 1, 2023 for scl.
in addition, pursuant to the second amendment and subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions specified therein, the requisite lenders under the existing lvsc revolving credit agreement consented to, and waived any applicable restrictions prohibiting, the consummation of the announced sale of the las vegas operations.
any defaults under our debt agreements would allow the lenders, in each case, to exercise their rights and remedies as defined under their respective agreements. if the lenders were to exercise their rights to accelerate the due dates of the indebtedness outstanding, there can be no assurance we would be able to repay or refinance any amounts that may become due and payable under such agreements, which could force us to restructure or alter our operations or debt obligations.
we held unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $1.85 billion and restricted cash and cash equivalents of $16 million as of december 31, 2021, of which approximately $1.06 billion of the unrestricted amount is held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. of the $1.06 billion, approximately $706 million is available to be repatriated to the u.s., and we do not expect withholding taxes or other foreign income taxes to apply should these earnings be distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise. the remaining unrestricted amounts held by non-u.s. subsidiaries are not available for repatriation primarily due to dividend requirements to third-party public stockholders in the case of funds being repatriated from scl.
we believe the cash on hand and cash flow generated from operations, as well as the $3.68 billion available for borrowing under our u.s., macao and singapore credit facilities, net of outstanding letters of credit, and sgd 3.69 billion (approximately $2.73 billion at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) under the 2012 singapore delayed draw term facility, as of december 31, 2021, will be sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of our credit facilities and fund our working capital needs, committed and planned capital expenditures, development opportunities and debt obligations. if the construction cost estimate and construction schedule to the mbs expansion project are not delivered by the extended deadline, we will not be permitted to make further draws on the singapore delayed draw term facility after march 31, 2022 until these items are delivered to lenders. in the normal course of our activities, we will continue to evaluate global capital markets to consider future opportunities for enhancements of our capital structure. during 2020, we entered into an amendment request letter on the 2018 scl credit facility, which provides us with the option to increase the total borrowing capacity by an aggregate amount of up to $1.0 billion. subsequently, on january 25, 2021, we increased the amount available under the scl revolving credit facility by hkd 3.83 billion (approximately $491 million in exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) to further enhance our liquidity. during the year ended december 31, 2021, scl drew down $71 million and hkd 5.31 billion (approximately $681 million at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) under this facility for general corporate purposes.
we have suspended our quarterly dividend program beginning in april 2020, and scl suspended its dividend payments after paying its interim dividend for 2019 on february 21, 2020.
in june 2018, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of $2.50 billion of our outstanding common stock, which was to expire in november 2020. in october 2020, our board of directors authorized the extension of the expiration date of the remaining repurchase amount of $916 million to november 2022. during the year ended december 31, 2021, no shares of our common stock were repurchased under this program. all share repurchases of our common stock have been recorded as treasury stock. repurchases of our common stock are made at our discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws in the open market or otherwise. the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased in the future will depend on a variety of factors, including our financial position, earnings, cash flows, legal requirements, other investment opportunities and market conditions.
we believe we have a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity in place, including access to available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities. we also believe we are well positioned to support our continuing operations, complete the major construction projects in macao and singapore that are underway and respond to the current covid-19 pandemic challenges. we have taken various mitigating measures to manage through the current environment, including a cost and capital expenditure reduction program to minimize cash outflow for non-essential items.
2018 scl credit facility - revolving                        -                     753                          -                          -                        753
2012 singapore credit facility                             62                     200                      2,683                          -                      2,945
singapore delayed draw term facility                        -                       -                         46                          -                         46
mall deposits(5)                                           58                      58                         16                         11                        143
(1)as of december 31, 2021, we had a $79 million liability related to uncertain tax positions; we do not expect this liability to result in a payment of cash within the next 12 months. we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the liability in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions; therefore, such amounts are not included in the table.
(2)see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 10 - long-term debt" for further details on these financing transactions and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 14 - leases" for further details on finance leases.
(3)based on the 1-month rate as of december 31, 2021, london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") of 0.10%, hong kong inter-bank offer rate ("hibor") of 0.16% and singapore swap offer rate ("sor") of 0.32%, plus the applicable interest rate spread in accordance with the respective debt agreements.
(4)we are party to certain operating leases for real estate, which primarily include $324 million related to long-term land leases in macao with an anticipated lease term of 50-years and $17 million related to a long-term land lease in las vegas with a 40-year lease term. see "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 14 - leases" for further details on operating leases.
(5)mall deposits consist of refundable security deposits received from mall tenants.
(6)in addition to the 39% gross gaming win tax in macao (which is not included in this table as the amount we pay is variable in nature), we are required to pay an annual premium with a fixed portion and a variable portion, which is based on the number and type of gaming tables and gaming machines we operate. based on the gaming tables and gaming machines in operation as of december 31, 2021, the annual premium payable to the macao government is approximately $22 million through the termination of the gaming subconcession in june 2022.
(7)primarily consists of all other non-cancellable contractual obligations and primarily relates to certain hotel and restaurant management and service agreements. the amounts exclude open purchase orders with our suppliers that have not yet been received as these agreements generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust terms based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities, nor have we engaged in any derivative transactions other than foreign currency swaps. refer to note 9 - derivative instruments for outstanding foreign currency swaps as of december 31, 2021.
restrictions on distributions we are a parent company with limited business operations. our main asset is the stock and membership interests of our subsidiaries. certain of our debt instruments contain restrictions that, among other things, limit the ability of certain subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, issue disqualified stock or equity interests, pay dividends or make other distributions, repurchase equity interests or certain indebtedness, create certain liens, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, enter into certain mergers or consolidations or sell certain assets of our company without prior approval of the lenders or noteholders.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements include the discussions of our business strategies and expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources. in addition, in certain portions included in this report, the words: "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "expects," "plans," "intends" and similar expressions, as they relate to our company or management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you any forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our control, which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. these factors include, among others, the risks associated with:
•the uncertainty of the extent, duration and effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the response of governments and other third parties, including government-mandated property closures, increased operational regulatory requirements or travel restrictions, on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and development prospects;
•our ability to maintain our gaming licenses and subconcession in macao, singapore and las vegas, including the renewal or extension of the subconcession in macao that expires on june 26, 2022;
•our ability to invest in future growth opportunities;
•the ability to execute our previously announced capital expenditure programs in both macao and singapore, and produce future returns;
•the satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the consummation of the proposed sale of our las vegas real property and operations, including the venetian resort las vegas and the sands expo and convention center (the "proposed transaction"), including the receipt of regulatory approvals;
•unanticipated difficulties or expenditures relating to the proposed transaction;
•legal proceedings, judgments or settlements that may be instituted in connection with the proposed transaction, including those against us, our board of directors and executive officers and others;
•disruptions of current plans and operations caused by the announcement and pendency of the proposed transaction;
•potential difficulties in employee retention due to the announcement and pendency of the proposed transaction;
•the response of patrons, suppliers, business partners and regulators to the announcement of the proposed transaction;
•general economic and business conditions in the u.s. and internationally, which may impact levels of disposable income, consumer spending, group meeting business, pricing of hotel rooms and retail and mall tenant sales;
•disruptions or reductions in travel and our operations due to natural or man-made disasters, pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of infectious or contagious diseases, political instability, civil unrest, terrorist activity or war;
•the uncertainty of consumer behavior related to discretionary spending and vacationing at our integrated resorts;
•the extensive regulations to which we are subject and the costs of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations;
•new developments, construction projects and ventures, including our cotai strip developments and mbs expansion project;
•regulatory policies in china or other countries in which our patrons reside, or where we have operations, including visa restrictions limiting the number of visits or the length of stay for visitors from china to macao, restrictions on foreign currency exchange or importation of currency, and the judicial enforcement of gaming debts;
•our leverage, debt service and debt covenant compliance, including the pledge of certain of our assets (other than our equity interests in our subsidiaries) as security for our indebtedness and ability to refinance our debt obligations as they come due or to obtain sufficient funding for our planned, or any future, development projects;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates;
•increased competition for labor and materials due to planned construction projects in macao and singapore and quota limits on the hiring of foreign workers;
•our ability to compete for limited management and labor resources in macao and singapore, and policies of those governments may also affect our ability to employ imported managers or labor from other countries;
•our dependence upon properties primarily in macao, singapore and las vegas for all of our cash flow and the ability of our subsidiaries to make distribution payments to us;
•the passage of new legislation and receipt of governmental approvals for our operations in macao and singapore and other jurisdictions where we are planning to operate;
•our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer and our insurance costs may increase in the future;
•our ability to collect gaming receivables from our credit players;
•our relationship with gaming promoters in macao;
•our dependence on chance and theoretical win rates;
•our ability to establish and protect our intellectual property rights;
•government regulation of the casino industry (as well as new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations), including gaming license regulation, the requirement for certain beneficial owners of our securities to be found suitable by gaming authorities, the legalization of gaming in other jurisdictions and regulation of gaming on the internet;
•increased competition in macao and las vegas, including recent and upcoming increases in hotel rooms, meeting and convention space, retail space, potential additional gaming licenses and online gaming;
•the popularity of macao, singapore and las vegas as convention and trade show destinations;
•new taxes, changes to existing tax rates or proposed changes in tax legislation;
•labor actions and other labor problems;
•our failure to maintain the integrity of our information and information systems or comply with applicable privacy and data security requirements and regulations could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business;
•the completion of infrastructure projects in macao;
•potential negative impacts from environmental, social and governance and sustainability matters; and
•the outcome of any ongoing and future litigation.
all future written and verbal forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict these events or how they may affect us. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by federal securities laws.
investors and others should note we announce material financial information using our investor relations website (https://investor.sands.com), our company website, sec filings, investor events, news and earnings releases, public conference calls and webcasts. we use these channels to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our products and services, and other issues.
in addition, we post certain information regarding scl, a subsidiary of las vegas sands corp. with ordinary shares listed on the stock exchange of hong kong limited, from time to time on our company website and our investor relations website. it is possible the information we post regarding scl could be deemed to be material information.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. these estimates and judgments are based on historical information, information currently available to us and on various other assumptions management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could vary from those estimates and we may change our estimates and assumptions in future evaluations. changes in these estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we believe the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
provision for expected credit losses we maintain a provision for expected credit losses on casino, hotel and mall receivables and regularly evaluate the balances. we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances, which are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and days past due. the reserve percentages are based on estimated loss rates supported by historical observed default rates over the expected life of the receivable and are adjusted for forward-looking information. we also specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over a specified dollar amount, based upon the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information and adjust the aforementioned reserve with the results from the individual reserve analysis. we also monitor regional and global economic conditions and forecasts, which include the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, in our evaluation of the adequacy of the recorded reserves.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, there continued to be a delay in payments on casino receivables due to the inability of patrons to travel to our properties or to accomplish financial transactions due to the travel restrictions caused by the covid-19 pandemic. the collection of casino receivables has also been impacted by liquidity issues faced by certain patrons also stemming from the covid-19 pandemic. we have increased the provision for credit losses in each jurisdiction accordingly to account for the expected credit losses due to the covid-19 pandemic. we continue to closely monitor any delays in payments due to the covid-19 pandemic and will increase the provision accordingly depending on the facts and circumstances. although we believe the provision on our casino receivables is adequate as of december 31, 2021, it is possible our provisions could increase if we experience further delays on payments from patrons.
account balances are written off against the provision when we believe it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. credit or marker play was 14.5%, 7.9% and 53.9% of table games play at our macao properties, marina bay sands and las vegas operating properties, respectively, during the year ended december 31, 2021. our provision for casino credit losses was 72.5% and 59.8% of gross casino receivables as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the credit extended to gaming promoters can be offset by the commissions payable to said gaming promoters, which is considered in the establishment of the provision for credit losses. our provision for credit losses from our hotel and other receivables is not material.
litigation accrual we are subject to various claims and legal actions. we estimate the accruals for these claims and legal actions based on all relevant facts and circumstances currently available and include such accruals in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets when it is determined such contingencies are both probable and reasonably estimable.
property and equipment as of december 31, 2021, we had net property and equipment of $11.85 billion, representing 59.1% of our total assets. we depreciate property and equipment on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. the estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategy and legal considerations, such as contractual life. future events, such as property expansions, property developments, new competition or new regulations, could result in a change in the manner in which we use certain assets requiring a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets. the estimated useful lives of assets are periodically reviewed and adjusted as necessary on a prospective basis.
for assets to be held and used (including projects under development), fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. if an indicator of impairment exists, we first group our assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (the "asset group"). secondly, we estimate the undiscounted future cash flows directly associated with and expected to arise from the completion, use and eventual disposition of such asset group. we estimate the undiscounted cash flows over the remaining useful life of the primary asset within the asset group. if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated. if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is measured based on fair value compared to carrying value, with fair value typically based on a discounted cash flow model. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.
to estimate the undiscounted cash flows of our asset groups, we consider all potential cash flows scenarios, which are probability weighted based on management's estimates given current conditions. determining the recoverability of our asset groups is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimated cash flows, probability weighting of potential scenarios, costs to complete construction for assets under development, growth rates and future market conditions, among others. future changes to our estimates and assumptions based upon changes in macro-economic factors, regulatory environments, operating results or management's intentions may result in future changes to the recoverability of our asset groups.
for assets to be held for sale, the fixed assets (the "disposal group") are measured at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. losses are recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down to fair value less costs to sell, while gains are recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less costs to sell, but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized. any gains or losses not previously recognized that result from the sale of the disposal group shall be recognized at the date of sale. fixed assets are not depreciated while classified as held for sale.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. (including federal and state) and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
our foreign and u.s. tax rate differential reflects the fact that u.s. tax rates are higher than the statutory tax rates in singapore and macao of 17% and 12%, respectively. in august 2018, we received an additional exemption from macao's corporate income tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games of chance for the period january 1, 2019 through june 26, 2022, the date our subconcession agreement expires. additionally, we entered into an agreement with the macao government in april 2019, effective through june 26, 2022, providing for payments as a substitution for a 12% tax otherwise due from vml shareholders on dividend distributions paid from vml gaming profits, namely a payment of 38 million patacas (approximately $5 million at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) for each of the years 2021, 2020 and 2019, each payment to be made on or before january 31 of the following year, and a payment of 18 million patacas (approximately $2 million at exchange rates in effect on december 31, 2021) for the period between january 1, 2022 through june 26, 2022, to be paid on or before july 26, 2022. there is no assurance either of these tax arrangements will be extended beyond their expiration dates.
accounting standards regarding income taxes require a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if based on the available evidence, it is "more-likely-than-not" such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a "more-likely-than-not" realization threshold. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards not expiring and tax planning strategies.
we recorded a valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign jurisdictions of $416 million and $342 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and a valuation allowance on certain net deferred tax assets of our u.s. operations of $4.62 billion and $4.58 billion as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the resulting reduction in estimated royalty income from an expected decrease in our macao and singapore operations, we recorded a valuation allowance on certain u.s. foreign tax credits, which we no longer expect to utilize during the period 2022 through 2027 before their expiration. we believe we made reasonable estimates and judgments in performing the analysis in light of the uncertainties surrounding the covid-19 pandemic; however, should the effects of the covid-19 pandemic persist for a prolonged duration, we could be required to record additional valuation allowances. management will reassess the realization of deferred tax assets each reporting period and consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, sources of taxable income and tax planning strategies. to the extent the financial results of these operations improve and it becomes "more-likely-than-not" the deferred tax assets are realizable, we will be able to reduce the valuation allowance in the period such determination is made, as appropriate.
significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. during the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. accounting standards regarding uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is "more-likely-than-not" the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits, of being sustained on examinations. we recorded unrecognized tax benefits of $136 million and $131 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and for which actual outcomes may be different.
our major tax jurisdictions are the u.s., macao, and singapore. we could be subject to examination for tax years beginning in 2017 in macao and singapore and tax years 2010 through 2015 and 2018 through 2020 in the u.s.
recent accounting pronouncements see related disclosure at "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - notes to consolidated financial statements - note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements."