item 1a.        risk factors in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes, you should carefully consider the following risks. if any of the following risks actually occur or continue to occur, our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results could be materially adversely affected. the risk factors summarized below are not the only risks we face. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results.
risk factors summary the following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating results. you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk contained below.
●   the company and tccc have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with tccc.
●   we rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer.
●   we rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer.
●   we derive virtually all of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results.
●   criticism of our energy drink products and/or criticism or a negative perception of energy drinks generally, could adversely affect us.
●   increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business.
●   our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, such as the alcohol beverage sector, or successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets could adversely affect our business and financial results.
●   our continued expansion outside of the united states exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets.
●   if we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing, such inability could harm our business and result in a higher cost base. shortages of raw materials including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
●   global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business.
●   if we are not able to retain the services of our workforce, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance until we find suitable replacements.
●   negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, and may cause our business to suffer.
government regulation and litigation risks
●   changes in government regulation, or failure to comply with existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
●   significant changes to or failure to comply with various environmental laws may expose us to liability and/or cause certain of our facilities to close, relocate or operate at reduced production levels, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
●   litigation regarding our products, and related unfavorable media attention, could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products, thus negatively affecting our financial results.
●   our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business.
●   we must continually maintain, monitor, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems, including protecting us from internal and external cybersecurity threats.
●   if we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results.
●   fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
●   uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.
●   default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
●   volatility of stock price may restrict sale opportunities.
●   our investments are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
the current covid-19 pandemic has presented and continues to present a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and is affecting our employees, communities and business operations, as well as the global economy and financial markets. the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, businesses (including the company and our suppliers, bottlers/distributors, co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic, have and will directly and indirectly impact our business and results of operations, including, without limitation, the following:
●   the covid-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted our business. the duration and severity of this impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information regarding the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the emergence of new variants, the action taken to limit its spread and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. as countries continue to combat the covid-19 pandemic, and as governments and/or local authorities impose regulations regarding covid-19 testing, vaccine mandates and related workplace restrictions, there remains a risk that the covid-19 pandemic may impact our business and supply chain, including our ability to recruit and/or retain our employees as well as impact our co-packers, bottlers/distributors and/or suppliers.
●   deteriorating economic conditions and continued financial uncertainties in many of our major markets due to the covid-19 pandemic, such as inflation, increased and prolonged unemployment, decreases in per capita income and the level of disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could affect consumer purchasing power and consumers' ability to purchase our products, thereby reducing demand for our products. in addition, public concern among consumers regarding the risk of contracting covid-19 may also reduce demand for our products.
●   our product sampling programs, which are part of our strategy to develop brand awareness, have been, and will continue to be, disrupted by the covid-19 pandemic. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the changing landscape of advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement opportunities created by the covid-19 pandemic, our sales, market share, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
●   our innovation activities, including our ability to introduce new products in certain markets, have been delayed and/or adversely impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. if such innovation activities are disrupted and we continue to delay the launch of new products and/or we are unable to secure sufficient distribution levels for such new products, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
●   we have experienced and may continue to experience delays in receiving certain raw materials as a result of shipping delays due to, among other things, additional safety requirements imposed by port authorities, closures of, or congestion at ports, reduced availability of commercial transportation, freight inefficiencies, shortages of shipping containers, border restrictions and capacity constraints.
●   due to increased demand in at home beverage consumption, aluminum cans remain in tight supply, which could adversely impact or limit our sales and/or results of operations. we may also need to commit to minimum purchase volumes in order to secure sufficient quantities of certain raw materials including aluminum cans, as well as minimum co-packing volumes, which may lead to claims, costs, or losses if we over-estimate future demand for our products and do not use such volumes in full.
●   we rely on relationships with third parties for cloud data storage and other information technology services for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. these third parties are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic, which may interfere with their ability to fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities to us in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms.
●   as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, including related governmental measures, restrictions, directives and guidance, most of our office-based employees continue to work remotely. we may experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our remote work policy remains in place. if our employees working remotely do not maintain appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and operations from information technology-related disruptions, we may face cybersecurity threats. employees of our third-party service providers who are working remotely, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar cybersecurity risks.
●   governmental authorities at the u.s. federal, state and/or municipal level and in certain foreign jurisdictions may increase or impose new income taxes, indirect taxes or other taxes or revise interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations as a means of financing the costs of stimulus or may take other measures to protect populations and economies from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. increases in direct and indirect
tax rates could affect our net income, and increases in consumer taxes could affect our products' affordability and reduce our sales.
●   we may be required to record significant impairment charges with respect to goodwill or intangible assets, whose fair values may be negatively affected by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic.
●   the continued financial impact of the covid-19 pandemic may cause one or more of the financial institutions we do business with to fail or default in their obligations to us or to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, which could cause us to incur significant losses and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
●   actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic may result in negative publicity and the company becoming a party to litigation claims and/or legal proceedings, which could consume significant financial and managerial resources, result in decreased demand for our products and injury to our reputation.
any of the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, including those described above, alone or in combination with others, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and/or financial condition. any of these negative impacts, alone or in combination with others, could exacerbate many of the risk factors discussed herein, any of which could materially affect our business, reputation, operating results and/or financial condition.
the company and tccc have extensive commercial arrangements and, as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with tccc.
we have transitioned all third parties' rights to distribute the company's products in the u.s. to members of tccc's distribution network, which largely consists of independent bottlers/distributors. in addition, except for a handful of countries, tccc is our preferred distribution partner globally, with members of tccc's network distributing our products internationally, including in africa, asia, canada, central and south america, europe, mexico and the middle east. as we progress our international expansion, we expect tccc's distribution network to continue as our preferred distribution partner globally. as a result, we have reduced our distributor diversification and are now dependent on tccc's domestic and international distribution platforms.
tccc has a substantial equity investment in the company. the company, tccc and certain affiliates are parties to various agreements in which tccc and certain affiliates have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to compete in the energy drink category in certain territories prior to the termination of the applicable distribution coordination agreement with tccc. the company's distribution agreements with tccc distributors also provide, subject to certain exceptions, that the applicable distributor will not distribute competitive energy drink products.
while we believe that these agreements incentivize tccc to take steps to ensure that our products receive the appropriate attention in the tccc distribution system, disagreements as to the interpretation of the provisions in such agreements have arisen and may arise in the future. in addition, tccc does not control all members of its distribution system, many of which are independent companies that make their own business decisions that may not always align with tccc's interests.
our organizational documents may limit changes in control. furthermore, as of february 16, 2022, mr. sacks and mr. schlosberg together may be deemed to beneficially own and/or exercise voting control over approximately 10% of our outstanding common stock. as of february 16, 2022, tccc owned approximately 19% of our common stock. tccc has also nominated one director to the company's board of directors. consequently, mr. sacks, mr. schlosberg and tccc could exercise significant control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including electing directors, amending organizational documents and disapproving extraordinary transactions such as a takeover attempt, even though such actions may be favorable to the other common stockholders.
in particular, tccc's ownership could have an effect on the company's ability to engage in a change in control transaction. tccc is obligated for a period of time to vote all of its common shares of the company in excess of 20% of the outstanding common shares in the same proportion as all common shares not owned by tccc with respect to a proposal for a change of control. however, if tccc were to oppose such a change-in-control transaction, a bidder would be required to secure the support of holders of 62.5% of the company's common shares not owned by tccc (assuming that tccc increased its ownership to 20% of the company's common shares) to achieve a vote of a majority of the company's outstanding shares for a change-in-control transaction. in addition, tccc would have a bidding advantage if the company's board of directors were to seek to sell the company in the future because tccc would not need to pay a control premium on the shares it owns at such time. tccc and the company would also be permitted to terminate tccc's distribution coordination agreements with the company after a change in control of the company. in such event, tccc would receive a termination fee if tccc terminated the distribution coordination agreements following a change in control of the company involving certain tccc competitors, or if the company terminated following a change in control of the company involving any third-party.
the interests of tccc may be different from or conflict with the interests of the company's other stockholders and, as a result, tccc's influence may result in the delay or prevention of potential actions or transactions. moreover, tccc's ownership of a significant amount of the company's outstanding common shares could result in downward pressure on the trading price of the company's common shares if tccc were to sell a large portion of its shares or as a result of the perception that such a sale might occur.
we rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer.
our acquisition of aff in 2016 brought our primary flavor supplier in-house for the majority of our monster energy® brand energy drinks. however, we also procure flavors from other independent flavor suppliers. we do not operate our own manufacturing facilities for finished goods, but instead outsource manufacturing of our finished goods to bottlers and other contract packers. as a result, in the event of a disruption and/or delay, and/or demand exceeding forecasted demand, we may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period. in addition, there are limited alternative packing facilities in our domestic and international markets with adequate capacity and/or suitable equipment for many of our products. for example, in 2021, sales of many of our product lines were adversely impacted by production capacity constraints as a result of above forecast demand. a lengthy disruption or delay in the production of any of our products could significantly adversely affect our revenues from such products, because alternative co-packing facilities in the united states and abroad with adequate long-term capacity may not be available for such products either at commercially reasonable rates and/or costs and/or within a reasonably short time period, if at all. in addition, recently there has been a consolidation of co-packers. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our largest co-packers, or if our costs of co-packing increase, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely on bottlers and distributors to distribute our products. if we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing bottlers and distributors and/or secure such bottlers and distributors, our business could suffer.
many of our bottlers/distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other carbonated, non-carbonated and other beverage products. in many cases, such products compete directly with our products.
unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, club stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products could cause our business to suffer. in addition, possible trading disputes between our bottler/distributors and their customers or buying groups may result in the delisting of certain of the company's products, temporarily or otherwise. bottler/distributor consolidation may also have an impact on our business.
the tccc north american bottlers, coca-cola europacific partners, coca-cola hellenic, coca-cola femsa, coca-cola amatil, swire coca-cola (china), cofco coca-cola, coca-cola beverages africa and coca-cola i̇çecek are our primary domestic and international distributors of our products. as a result, if we are unable to maintain good relationships with these bottlers/distributors, or they do not effectively focus on marketing, promoting, selling and distributing our products, sales of our products could be adversely affected.
a decision by our primary domestic and international bottlers/distributors or any other large customer to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
the marketing efforts of our bottlers/distributors are important for our success. if our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing bottlers and distributors, if we fail to attract additional bottlers and distributors, and/or our bottlers/distributors do not market, promote and distribute our products effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we derive virtually all of our revenues from energy drinks, and competitive pressure in the energy drink category could adversely affect our business and operating results.
virtually all of our sales are derived from our energy drinks, including our monster energy® brand energy drinks, our reign total body fuel® energy drinks and our strategic brands energy drinks (including our affordable brand energy drinks, principally predator®). any decrease in the sales of our monster energy® brand and other energy drinks could significantly adversely affect our future revenues and net income. historically, we have experienced substantial competition from new entrants in the energy drink category as well as from the energy shot category. for a discussion of such competition, see "part i, item 1 - business - competition."
the increasing number of competitive products and limited amount of shelf space in retail stores, including in beverage coolers, may adversely impact our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace. in addition, certain actions of our competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference in our business, as well as competitors selling misbranded products, could impact our sales. competitive pressures in the energy drink category could impact our revenues, cause price erosion and/or lower market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
criticism of our energy drink products and/or criticism or a negative perception of energy drinks generally could adversely affect us.
an unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine, other ingredients in energy drinks or energy drinks generally, or criticism or negative publicity regarding the caffeine content and/or any other ingredients in our products or energy drinks generally, including product safety concerns, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. articles critical of the caffeine content and/or other ingredients in energy drinks and/or articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published in recent years. we believe the overall growth of the energy drink market in the u.s. may have been negatively impacted by the ongoing negative publicity and comments that continue to appear in the media questioning the safety of energy drinks, and suggesting limitations on their ingredients (including caffeine), and/or the levels thereof, and/or imposing minimum age restrictions for consumers. in early 2018, certain retailers in the united kingdom announced the introduction of voluntary retailer measures to prevent the sale of energy drinks to individuals under the age of 16. if reports, studies or articles critical of caffeine and/or energy drinks continue to be published or are published in the future, or additional voluntary measures are taken, they could adversely affect the demand for our products. if we are unable to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the american beverage association, of which we are a member, and/or any international beverage associations, it could negatively affect our overall reputation, which in turn could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
increased competition in the beverage industry and changing retail landscape could hurt our business.
the beverage industry is highly competitive. the principal areas of competition are pricing, packaging, development of new products, flavors, product positioning as well as promotion and marketing strategies. our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers, some of which have substantially greater financial, marketing and distribution resources than we do.
important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the efficacy, taste and flavor of our products, trade and consumer promotions, rapid and effective development of new and unique cutting edge products, attractive and different packaging, branded product advertising and pricing. the success of our sports marketing, social media and other general marketing endeavors may impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. our products compete with all liquid refreshments and in some cases with products of much larger competitors, including the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers such as tccc, pepsico, red bull gmbh and kdp. we also compete with companies that are smaller or primarily national or local in operations. our products also compete with private-label brands such as those carried by grocery store chains, convenience store chains and club stores.
the rapid growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, and closures of physical retail operations, particularly during, and potentially following, the covid-19 pandemic, may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels and a reduction in impulse purchases. as we build our e-commerce capabilities, we may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without experiencing a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. if we are unable to profitably expand our own e-commerce capabilities and/or if e-commerce retailers take significant market share away from traditional retailers our business may be adversely affected. further, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis using digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. sales in gas chains may also be affected by increased gasoline prices, improvements in fuel efficiency and increased consumer preferences for electric or alternative fuel-powered vehicles, which may result in fewer trips by consumers to gas stations and a corresponding reduction in purchases by consumers in convenience gas retailers. if we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
due to competition in the beverage industry, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter difficulties in maintaining our current revenues, market share or position in the beverage industry. if our revenues decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, such as the alcohol beverage sector, or successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets could adversely affect our business and financial results.
our ability to compete in the highly competitive beverage industry and to achieve our business growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to develop new flavors, products and packaging. the success of our innovation, in turn, depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. if we are not successful in our innovation activities, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected.
on february 17, 2022, we acquired canarchy, a craft beer and hard seltzer company and may continue to make acquisitions that expand our business into new sectors in the beverage industry. risks associated with entering into a new sector include: (1) having no or limited experience in such sector; (2) increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements; (3) difficulties developing, manufacturing, and marketing the products of newly acquired companies in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses and product lines; and (4) our lesser familiarity with consumer preferences in the new sector. entry into new sectors of the beverage industry will bring us into competition with new competitors with a larger, more established market presence. we cannot ensure that our entry into the alcohol beverage sector or any other new beverage sectors will be profitable and future profitability may be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
overall, the effectiveness of these acquisitions can be less predictable than developing new lines of energy drinks and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. integrating the operations of acquired businesses could be a difficult, costly and time-consuming process that involves a number of risks including, but not limited to, the integration of company cultures and management teams, retaining key employees and customers, increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements, increased costs, and use of resources. even if we successfully integrate acquired businesses, it is possible that we will not realize the expected benefits from any completed acquisition over the timeframe we expect, or at all, or that our existing operations will be adversely affected as a result of acquisitions. the costs of achieving these benefits could also be higher than we expected. therefore, the acquisition and integration of acquired businesses may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve profit margin targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic financial benefits of such transactions.
the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us. there is increasing awareness of and concern for health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sugar-sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients. some consumer advocacy groups and others have expressed concerns regarding certain ingredients in diet sodas, which are contained in certain of our energy drinks. there are also changes in demand for different packages, sizes and configurations. this may reduce demand for our beverages, which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
consumers are seeking greater variety in their beverages. our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that appeal to consumers. in order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of efficacy, taste, quality and price, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. there is no assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future. product lifecycles for some beverage brands, products and/or packages may be limited to a few years before consumers' preferences change. the beverages we currently market are in varying stages of their product lifecycles, and there can be no assurance that such beverages will become or remain profitable for us. we may be unable to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. we may also be unable to penetrate new markets. additionally, as shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with customers embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, we may be unable to address or anticipate changes in consumer shopping preferences or engage with our customers on their preferred platforms. if our revenues decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our continued expansion outside of the united states exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets.
we have continued expanding our operations internationally into a variety of new markets. our net sales to customers outside of the united states were approximately 37%, 33% and 32% of consolidated net sales for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. as our growth strategy includes further expanding our international business, if we are unable to continue to expand distribution of our products outside the united states, our growth rate could be adversely affected. in many international markets, we have limited operating experience and in some international markets we have no operating experience. it is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations and develop and promote our brands in international markets. our percentage gross profit margins in many international markets are expected to be less than the comparable percentage gross profit margins obtained in the united states. we face and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including: economic and/or political instability in our international markets; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the united states, including possible taxes and/or withholding obligations on any repatriations; and tariffs and/or trade restrictions. these risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. also, our operations outside of the united states are subject to risks relating to appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, higher product damages, particularly when products are shipped long distances, potentially higher incidence of fraud and/or corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors and potentially adverse tax consequences.
if we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing, such inability could harm our business and result in a higher cost base. shortages of raw materials including aluminum cans and/or ingredients and/or fuel and/or costs of co-packing could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
the principal raw materials used by us are aluminum cans, sleek aluminum cans, aluminum cap cans, aluminum cans with re-sealable ends, pet plastic bottles, caps, flavors, juice concentrates, glucose, sugar, sucralose, milk, cream, protein, coffee, tea, cocoa, supplement ingredients and other packaging materials, the costs and availability of which are subject to fluctuations. for certain flavors purchased from third-party suppliers and used in a limited number of our monster energy® brand energy drinks and/or our strategic brands energy drinks, these third-party flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to certain of their flavor formulas. we do not have possession of the list of such flavor ingredients or formulas used in the production of certain of our products and certain of our blended concentrates, and we may be unable to obtain comparable flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. our third-party flavor suppliers generally do not make such flavors and/or blended concentrates available to other third-party customers. we have identified alternative suppliers for certain of the ingredients contained in many of our beverages. however, industry-wide shortages of certain flavor ingredients, flavors, fruits and fruit juices, coffee, tea, cocoa, dairy-based products, packaging materials (including aluminum cans) supplement ingredients and sweeteners have been, and could from time to time in the future be, encountered, which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products. in addition, certain of our co-packing arrangements allow such co-packers to increase their fees based on certain of their own cost increases. we are uncertain whether the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients, many of which have recently risen significantly, will continue to rise or may rise in the future. we are unsure whether we will be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. although we generally do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials, from time to time, we, through our aluminum can suppliers, enter into purchase agreements for the purchase of aluminum, as well as enter into purchase agreements for portions of our annual anticipated requirements for certain of our other raw materials such as glucose, sugar and sucralose. in recent years, the united states has imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from certain countries. additional tariffs imposed by the united states on a broader range of imports, or further trade measures taken by other countries, could result in an increase in supply chain costs.
we may not correctly estimate demand for our existing products and/or new products. our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly with regard to new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth, including in new markets. if we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including, but not limited to, aluminum cans, aluminum cap cans, sleek aluminum cans, aluminum cans with re-sealable ends, pet plastic bottles, caps, labels, sucralose, flavor ingredients, flavors, supplement ingredients, juice concentrates, certain sweeteners, coffee, tea, cocoa, protein and packaging materials or experience difficulties with our co-packing arrangements, including production shortages or quality issues, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. moreover, industry-wide shortages of certain juice concentrates, supplement ingredients and sweeteners have been and could, from time to time in the future, be experienced, resulting in production fluctuations and/or product shortages. we generally do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage this risk. such shortages could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
if we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels may be inadequate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. if we fail to meet our shipping schedules, we could damage our relationships with distributors and/or retailers, increase our distribution costs and/or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost. in order to be able to deliver our products on a timely basis, we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired products. if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and/or retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which could unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results.
many of our packaging supply contracts allow our suppliers to alter the costs they charge us for packaging supplies based on changes in the costs of the underlying commodities that are used to produce those packaging supplies, such as aluminum for cans, pet plastic for bottles and pulp and paper for cartons and/or trays. these changes in the prices we pay for our packaging supplies occur at certain predetermined times that vary by product and supplier. in some cases, we are able to fix the prices of certain packaging supplies and/or commodities for a reasonable period. in other cases, we bear the risk of increases in the costs of these packaging supplies, including the underlying costs of the commodities that comprise these packaging supplies. we do not use derivative instruments to manage this risk. recently, inflation has affected, and continues to affect, our raw materials costs, commodities and other inputs globally. if the costs of packaging supplies and other costs, as well as ocean and domestic freight rates, continue to increase, we may be unable to pass these costs along to our customers through corresponding adjustments to the prices we charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business.
because of our increasingly global presence, our business could be affected by unstable political conditions, civil unrest, protests and demonstrations, large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against the united states or other major industrialized countries where our products are distributed, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, wildfires, tornados, earthquakes or floods, or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic). such catastrophic events could impact our operations and our supply chain, including the production and/or distribution of our products. materials and/or personnel may need to mobilize to other locations. our headquarters and a large part of our operations are located in california, a state at greater risk of earthquakes and wildfires. some of the raw materials we use, including certain sizes of cans, are available from limited suppliers, and a regional catastrophic event impacting such suppliers could adversely impact our operations. in addition, such events could disrupt global or regional economic activity, which could affect consumer purchasing power and consumers' ability to purchase our products, thereby reducing demand for our products. if our operations are disrupted or we are unable to grow our business as a result of these factors, our growth rate could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
there is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions, and/or outbreaks of diseases or other health issues, which may limit availability and/or increase the cost of certain key ingredients, juice concentrates, supplements and other ingredients used in our products and could impact the food security of communities around the world. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain and/or impact demand for our products.
natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes or floods, and outbreaks of diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic) or other health issues may affect our operations and the operation of our supply chain, impact the operations of our bottlers/distributors and unfavorably impact our consumers' ability to purchase our products. the predicted effects of climate change may also result in challenges regarding availability and quality of water, or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. in addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. changes in applicable laws, regulations, standards or practices related to greenhouse gas emissions, packaging and water scarcity, as well as initiatives by advocacy groups in favor of certain climate change-related laws, regulations, standards or practices, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations, which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. sales of our products may also be influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. we, our bottlers and our contract packers, use a number of key ingredients in the manufacture of our beverage products that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugar, coffee, tea and cocoa. increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns and other factors may limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. weather conditions may influence consumer demand for certain of our beverages, which could have an effect on our operations, either positively or negatively.
if we are not able to retain the services of our workforce, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance until we find suitable replacements.
our business is dependent, to a large extent, upon the services of our workforce. we do not maintain key person life insurance on any members of our senior management. the loss of services of either rodney sacks, chairman and co-chief executive officer, hilton schlosberg, vice chairman and co-chief executive officer, or any other key members of our senior management could adversely affect our business until suitable replacements can be found. there may be a limited number of personnel with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and we may be unable to locate or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms.
negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation, and may cause our business to suffer.
our success depends on our ability to build and maintain the brand image for our existing products, new products and brand extensions and maintain our corporate reputation. there can be no assurance that our advertising, marketing and promotional programs and our commitment to product safety and quality, human rights and environmental sustainability will have the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences and demand. claims regarding product safety, quality and/or ingredient content issues, efficacy or lack thereof (real or imagined), our culture and our workforce, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. consumer demand for our products could diminish significantly if we, our employees, bottlers/distributors, suppliers or business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, discriminatory, unequal or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products, service and treatment of our customers, or the use of customer data. furthermore, our brand image or perceived product quality could be adversely affected by litigation, unfavorable reports in the media (internet or elsewhere), studies in general and regulatory or other governmental inquiries (in each case whether involving our products or those of our competitors) and proposed or new legislation affecting our industry. negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the company or any one of our brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the company. business incidents, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us, our bottlers/distributors, suppliers or business partners, that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value or potentially trigger boycotts of our products and can have a negative impact on consumer demand for our products as well as our reputation and financial results. the impact of such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons) or result in litigation.
in addition, from time to time, there are public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business. these public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. similarly, our sponsorship relationships could subject us to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support. likewise, campaigns by activists connecting us, or our supply chain, with human and workplace rights, environmental or animal rights issues could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. we have made a number of commitments to respect human rights, including the policies and initiatives described in our california transparency in supply chains act & united kingdom modern slavery act statement. allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting the human rights found in the united nations universal declaration of human rights; actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable labor and workplace rights laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, labor relations, our culture and our workforce or the like could negatively affect our company's overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products' acceptance by consumers.
government regulation and litigation risks changes in government regulation, or failure to comply with existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legislation has been proposed and/or adopted at the u.s. federal, state and/or municipal level and proposed and/or adopted in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including, prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit the content of caffeine and other ingredients in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose excise taxes, limit product size or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. for a discussion of certain of such legislation, see "part i, item 1 - business - government regulation." furthermore, additional legislation may be introduced in the united states and other countries at the federal, state, local, municipal and supranational level in respect of each of the foregoing subject areas. public health officials and health advocates are increasingly focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity, especially as it affects children, and are seeking legislative change to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. there also has been increased focus on caffeine content in beverages, and we are seeing some attention to other ingredients in energy drinks. to the extent any such legislation is enacted in one or more jurisdictions where a significant amount of our products are sold, individually or in the aggregate, it could result in a reduction in demand for, or availability of, our energy drinks, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the production, distribution and sale in the united states of many of our products are also currently subject to various federal and state regulations, including, but not limited to: the fd&c act; the occupational safety and health act; various environmental statutes; data privacy laws; california proposition 65; and various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production, transportation, sale, safety, advertising, labeling, packaging and ingredients of such products.
outside the united states, the production, distribution and sale of many of our products are also subject to numerous statutes and regulations.
if a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product, its label, or a production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or the products in question may have to be recalled, removed from the market, reformulated and/or have the packaging changed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes to or failure to comply with various environmental laws may expose us to liability and/or cause certain of our facilities to close, relocate or operate at reduced production levels, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we, and our co-packers, are subject to a wide and increasingly broad array of federal, state, regional, local, and international environmental laws, including statutes and regulations, which aim to regulate emissions and impacts to air, land, and water. our operations may result in odors, noise, or other pollutants being emitted from our facilities. failure to comply with these environmental laws or any future changes to them could result in alleged harm to our employees or others near our facilities, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts. in 2021, an aff facility, which manufactures the primary flavors for our monster energy® drinks segment, received notices of violation for emitting odors and for failing to properly permit its equipment. failure to comply with the notices and remediate certain emissions at this facility, or other facilities, may result in penalties, liability for damages, alterations to our facilities' operations, or the closing or relocation of a facility. such actions may result in flavor shortages, which could in turn result in shortages for our finished products and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
increasing concern over environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters, including climate change, will likely result in new or revised laws and regulations aimed at reducing or mitigating the potential effects of greenhouse gases, restricting or increasing the costs of commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, or increasing mandatory reporting of certain esg metrics, such as recycling. if we fail to comply with applicable environmental compliance mandates or fail to meet sustainability metrics, our business operations and our reputation could be adversely impacted.
we are subject to the risks of investigations and/or enforcement actions by state attorneys general and/or other government and/or quasi-governmental agencies relating to the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of our energy drinks, and we are a party, from time to time, to various government and regulatory inquiries and/or proceedings. defending these proceedings can result in significant ongoing expenditures and the diversion of our management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could have a negative effect on our business operations.
in addition, from time to time, government and/or quasi-governmental agencies may investigate the safety of caffeine and other ingredients in energy drinks. if an inquiry by a state attorney general or other government or quasi-government agency finds that our products and/or the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of such products are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we may become subject to fines, product reformulations, container changes, changes in the usage or sale of our energy drink products and/or changes in our advertising, marketing and promotion practices, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
litigation regarding our products, and related unfavorable media attention, could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products, thus negatively affecting our financial results.
we have been and are a party, from time to time, to various litigation claims and legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, fraud, unfair business practices, false advertising, product liability, breach of contract claims, claims from prior distributors, labor and employment matters, personal injury matters, consumer class actions, securities actions and shareholder derivative actions.
other lawsuits have been filed against us claiming that certain statements made in our advertisements and/or on the labels of our products were false and/or misleading or otherwise not in compliance with food standards under local law, and/or that our products are not safe. putative class action lawsuits have also been filed against certain of our competitors asserting that certain claims in their advertisements amount to false advertising. we do not believe any statements made by us in our promotional materials or set forth on our product labels are false or misleading or noncompliant with local law, or that our products are in any way unsafe, and we vigorously defend such lawsuits.
any of the foregoing matters or other litigation, the threat thereof, or unfavorable media attention arising from pending or threatened product-related litigation could consume significant financial and managerial resources and result in decreased demand for our products, significant monetary awards against us, an injunction barring the sale of any of our products and injury to our reputation. our failure to successfully defend or settle any litigation or legal proceedings could result in liabilities that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue and profitability, and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline.
we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific co-packers, markets, retailers or batches or reformulate certain of our products if such products become contaminated, damaged, mislabeled, defective or otherwise materially non-compliant with applicable regulatory requirements. a material product recall could adversely affect our profitability and our brand image and corporate reputation. we do not maintain recall insurance.
intellectual property, information technology and data privacy risks our intellectual property rights are critical to our success, and the loss of such rights could materially adversely affect our business.
we own numerous trademarks that are very important to our business. we also own the copyright in, and to, a portion of the content on the packaging of our products. we regard our trademarks, copyrights and similar intellectual property as critical to our success and attempt to protect such intellectual property through registration and enforcement actions. however, there can be no assurance that other parties will not infringe or misappropriate our trademarks, copyrights and similar proprietary rights. we also have been, and may in the future be, unable to use our trademarks, trade names or designs and/or trade dress in certain countries, which may impact sales of the affected brands and require increased expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we must continually maintain, monitor, protect and/or upgrade our information technology systems, including protecting us from internal and external cybersecurity threats.
information technology enables us to operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and accurately produce our financial statements. if we do not appropriately allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, and/or the loss of and/or damage to intellectual property through security breaches, including internal and external cybersecurity threats. cybersecurity attacks are evolving, may be difficult to detect for periods of time, and include, but are not limited to, malicious software (malware, ransomware and viruses), phishing and social engineering, attempts to gain unauthorized access to networks, computer systems and data, malicious or negligent actions of employees (including misuse of information they are entitled to access), cyber extortion and other forms of electronic security breaches. such attacks could lead to disruptions in or loss of access to our data or business systems, an inability to process customer orders and/or lost customer orders, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, lost revenues or other costs due to office, plant, warehouse or other facility disruption or shutdown, and corruption of data.
we rely on relationships with third parties, including suppliers, distributors, bottlers, contract packers, contractors, cloud data storage and other information technology service providers and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support of our operations. these third-party service providers and partners, with whom we may share data, are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems, as well as employee failures. while we have procedures in place for selecting and managing our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. these third parties may experience cybersecurity incidents that may involve data we share with them or rely on them to provide to us, and the need to coordinate with such third-parties, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, may complicate our efforts to resolve any issues that arise.
however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure.
moreover, if our data management systems, including our sap enterprise resource planning system, do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business (whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, cybersecurity attack and/or human error), our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.
if we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results.
we receive, process, transmit and store information relating to certain identified or identifiable individuals ("personal data"), including current and former employees, in the ordinary course of business. as a result, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to personal data. these laws are subject to change, and new personal data legislation may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. in the european union, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") became effective in may 2018 for all member states. the gdpr includes operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data of residents of the european union different from those that were previously in place and also includes significant penalties for noncompliance. additionally, the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa"), which was enacted in june 2018 and came into effect on january 1, 2020, provides a new private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches and imposes operational requirements on companies that process personal data of california residents, including making new disclosures to consumers about data collection, processing and sharing practices and allowing consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties.
changes introduced by the gdpr and the ccpa, as well as other changes to existing personal data protection laws and the introduction of such laws in other jurisdictions, subject the company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and may require costly changes to our business practices and security systems, policies, procedures and practices. there can be no assurances that our security controls over personal data, training of personnel on data privacy and data security, vendor management processes, and the policies, procedures and practices we implement will prevent the improper processing or breaches of personal data. data breaches or improper processing, or breaches of personal data in violation of the gdpr, the ccpa and/or of other personal data protection or privacy laws and regulations, could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which may result in potential loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages or fines and/or criminal prosecution, thereby negatively impacting our business and operating results.
financial risks fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income and other taxes in both the u.s. and certain foreign jurisdictions. therefore, we are subject to audits for multiple tax years in various jurisdictions at once.
we are in various stages of examination with certain states and certain foreign jurisdictions, including the united kingdom and ireland. our 2018 through 2020 u.s. federal income tax returns are subject to examination by the irs. our state income tax returns are subject to examination for the 2017 through 2020 tax years.
at any given time, events may occur which change our expectation about how any such tax audits will be resolved and thus, there could be significant variability in our quarterly and/or annual tax rates, because these events may change our plans for uncertain tax positions.
changes in u.s. tax laws as a result of any legislation proposed by the new u.s. presidential administration or u.s. congress, which may include efforts to change or repeal the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and the federal corporate income tax rate reduction, could adversely affect our provision for income taxes, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, changes in the manner in which u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. for example, the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") has recommended changes to numerous long-standing international tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project. these changes, to the extent adopted, may increase tax uncertainty, result in higher compliance costs and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and/or cash flow. in connection with the oecd's beps project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
under united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we are required to review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable include, declining or slower than anticipated growth rates for certain of our existing products, a decline in stock price and market capitalization, and slower growth rates in our industry.
we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. we enter into forward currency exchange contracts with financial institutions to create an economic hedge to specifically manage a portion of the foreign exchange risk exposure associated with certain consolidated subsidiaries' non-functional currency denominated assets and liabilities. we have not used instruments to hedge against all foreign currency risks and are therefore not protected against all foreign currency fluctuations. as a result, our reported earnings may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. moreover, any favorable impacts to profit margins or financial results from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be unsustainable over time. for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, aggregate foreign currency transaction gains (losses), including the gains or losses on forward currency exchange contracts, amounted to $0.3 million, ($11.2) million and ($4.1) million, respectively.
we cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on our financial results. new accounting standards could be issued that change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our reported earnings. increases in direct and indirect income tax rates could affect after-tax income. equally, increases in indirect taxes (including environmental taxes pertaining to the disposal of beverage containers and/or indirect taxes on beverages generally or energy drinks in particular) could affect our products' affordability and reduce our sales.
we are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures as well as internal control over financial reporting that are effective for the purposes described in "part ii, item 9a - controls and procedures." if we fail to maintain such controls and procedures, our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or the value of our stock could be materially harmed.
uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.
global economic uncertainties, including highly inflationary economies and foreign currency exchange rates, affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. there can be no assurance that economic improvements will occur, or that they would be sustainable, or that they would enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. in addition, we cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they may have on our customers or business, as our expansion outside of the united states has increased our exposure to any developments or crises in african, asian, european and other international markets. unfavorable economic conditions and financial uncertainties in our major international markets and unstable political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international markets could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. included in the foregoing are long-term uncertainties surrounding the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union on january 31, 2020 (commonly referred to as "brexit") and any resulting increases in tariffs, importation restrictions, out of stocks, volatility in currency exchange rates, including the valuation of the euro and the british pound in particular, changes in the laws and regulations applied in the united kingdom or impacts on economic and market conditions in the united kingdom, the european union and its member states and elsewhere.
default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses.
as part of any hedging activities that we may conduct, we may enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, including forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps, with various financial institutions. we also have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions both in the united states and abroad, exposing us to risk of default by or failure of such counterparty financial institutions. this risk of counterparty default or failure is greater during periods of economic downturn or uncertainty in financial markets. if one of our counterparties became insolvent or filed for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred due to the default or to retrieve assets deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or applicable laws governing insolvency and bankruptcy proceedings. default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties could cause us to incur significant losses and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
volatility of stock price may restrict sale opportunities.
our stock price is affected by a number of factors, including stockholder expectations, financial results, the introduction of new products by us and our competitors, general economic and market conditions such as inflation, estimates and projections by the investment community and public comments by other parties as well as many other factors including litigation, many of which are beyond our control. we do not provide guidance on our future performance, including, but not limited to, our revenues, margins, product mix, operating expenses or net income. we may be unable to achieve analysts' net revenue and/or earnings forecasts, which are based on their own projected revenues, sales volumes and sales mix of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others, as well as their own estimates of gross margin and operating expenses. there can be no assurance that we will achieve any such projected levels or mix of product sales, revenues, gross margins, operating profits and/or net income. as a result, our stock price is subject to significant volatility, and stockholders may not be able to sell our stock at attractive prices. in addition, periods of volatility in the market price of our stock could result in the initiation of securities class action litigation against us. during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, the high of our stock price was $99.89 and the low was $80.92.
our investments are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
at december 31, 2021, we had $1.33 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $1.75 billion in short-term investments and $99.4 million in long-term investments, including certificates of deposit, commercial paper, u.s. government agency securities, u.s. treasuries, and to a lesser extent, municipal securities. certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. these risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
item 7.          management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided as a supplement to - and should be read in conjunction with - our financial statements and the accompanying notes ("notes") included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
●   our business - a general description of our business, the value drivers of our business, and opportunities and risks facing our company, stock repurchases, acquisitions and divestitures;
●   liquidity and capital resources - an analysis of our cash flows, sources and uses of cash and contractual obligations;
●   accounting policies and pronouncements - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates including newly issued accounting pronouncements;
●   market risks - information about market risks and risk management. (see "forward-looking statements" and "part ii, item 7a - qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risks").
the covid - 19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted our business. the duration and severity of this impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information regarding the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the emergence of new variants, the actions taken to limit its spread and the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
we continue to address the covid-19 pandemic with a global task force team working to mitigate the potential impacts on our people and business.
we are incredibly proud of the teamwork exhibited by our employees, co-packers and bottlers/distributors around the world who are endeavoring to maintain the integrity of our supply chain. despite the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, we achieved record annual net sales in 2021.
as countries continue to combat the covid-19 pandemic, and as governments and/or local authorities impose regulations regarding covid-19 testing, vaccine mandates and related workplace restrictions, there remains a risk that the covid-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business and supply chain, including our ability to recruit and/or retain our employees as well as impact our co-packers, bottlers/distributors and/or suppliers.
a reduction in demand for our products or changes in consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, as well as continued economic uncertainty as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the financial conditions of retailers and consumers, resulting in reduced or canceled orders for our products, purchase returns and closings of retail or wholesale establishments or other locations in which our products are sold.
our distribution and supply chain in 2021, we experienced a number of global supply chain challenges as a result of unanticipated increases in demand, in part due to the covid-19 pandemic, which adversely impacted both cost of sales and operating costs, and in certain markets, affected the availability of our products on shelves at retailers. in particular, we have experienced shortages in our aluminum can requirements, freight inefficiencies, shortages of shipping containers, port of entry congestion, and delays in the receipt and/or availability of certain ingredients. in the united states, we lacked sufficient co-packing capacity to meet increased demand for certain of our products. we have also experienced increased aluminum can costs attributable to higher aluminum commodity pricing as well as the costs of importing aluminum cans. in addition, we experienced increased ingredient and other input costs, including shipping and freight, labor, trucking, fuel, co-packing fees, secondary packaging materials, increased outbound freight costs and production inefficiencies, which resulted in increased costs of sales and increased operating costs.
we have addressed and will continue to address the controllable challenges in our supply chain, which remains largely intact. additional can manufacturing capacity in the united states has been secured for 2022, although the company will continue to import aluminum cans to supplement its domestic can supply. can capacity in emea remains challenging and the company expects to continue to import aluminum cans into emea for at least 2022. while co-packing capacity in the united states and emea also continues to be challenging, we have expanded our network in the united states and emea to substantially address supply constraints. our flavor facility in athy, ireland is operational, producing certain flavors and blends for the emea region, is steadily increasing production, and is investigating the feasibility of a juice plant to produce emea's juice product requirements. we continue to implement measures to mitigate our increased operating costs through pricing actions and reductions in promotions.
liquidity and capital resources as of the date of this filing, we expect to maintain substantial liquidity as we manage through the current environment as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section below.
● monster energy®● monster energy ultra®● monster rehab®● monster energy® nitro● java monster®● muscle monster®● espresso monster®● punch monster®● juice monster®● monster hydro® energy water● monster hydro® super sport● monster hydrosport super fuel®● monster super fuel®● monster dragon tea®● reign total body fuel®● reign inferno® thermogenic fuel   ● nos®● full throttle®● burn®● mother®● nalu®● ultra energy®● play® and power play® (stylized)● relentless®● bpm®● bu®● gladiator®● samurai®● live+®● predator®● fury®● true north®
the comparative results of operations for the twelve-months ended december 31, 2020 included a non-recurring tax benefit of approximately $165.1 million due to an intra-entity transfer of intangible assets between certain of the company's foreign subsidiaries, which resulted in a step-up of the tax-deductible basis in the transferred assets in a foreign jurisdiction, and created a temporary difference between the tax basis and the book basis for such intangible assets (the "non-recurring tax benefit"), as well as reduced marketing, sponsorships and certain other operating expenses, largely as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. these items should be taken into consideration when evaluating comparative performance for the twelve-months ended december 31, 2021 as compared to the twelve-months ended december 31, 2020.
our net sales of $5.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021 represented record annual net sales. the comparative net sales for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to product returns from our customers as a result of a european formulation issue with a limited number of products in europe and a labeling issue concerning one product in japan (the "product returns"). net changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact on net sales of approximately $61.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021.
the vast majority of our net sales are derived from our monster energy® drinks segment. net sales of our monster energy® drinks segment were $5.22 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. net sales of our strategic brands segment were $294.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. our monster energy® drinks segment represented 94.2% and 93.6% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our strategic brands segment represented 5.3% and 5.8% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our other segment represented 0.5% and 0.6% of our net sales for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the comparative net sales for the monster energy® drinks segment for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
our growth strategy includes expanding our international business. net sales to customers outside the united states amounted to $2.04 billion, $1.51 billion and $1.33 billion for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. such sales were approximately 37%, 33% and 32% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the comparative net sales to customers outside the united states for the year ended december 31, 2020 were negatively impacted by $15.2 million related to the product returns.
our customers are primarily full service beverage bottlers/distributors, retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience chains, foodservice customers, value stores, e-commerce retailers and the military. percentages of our gross billings to our various customer types for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are reflected below. such information includes sales made by us directly to the customer types concerned, which include our full service beverage bottlers/distributors in the united states. such full service beverage bottlers/distributors in turn sell certain of our products to some of the same customer types listed below. we limit our description of our customer types to include only our sales to our full service bottlers/distributors without reference to such bottlers/distributors' sales to their own customers.
our customers include coca-cola canada bottling limited, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola bottling company united, inc., reyes coca-cola bottling, llc, great lakes coca-cola distribution, llc, coca-cola southwest beverages llc, the coca-cola bottling company of northern new england, inc., swire pacific holdings, inc. (usa), liberty coca-cola beverages, llc, coca-cola europacific partners, coca-cola hellenic, coca-cola femsa, coca-cola amatil, swire coca-cola (china), cofco coca-cola, coca-cola beverages africa, coca-cola i̇çecek and certain other tccc network bottlers, asahi soft drinks, co., ltd., wal-mart, inc. (including sam's club), costco wholesale corporation and amazon.com, inc. a decision by any large customer to decrease amounts purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
we continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors.
canarchy acquisition on february 17, 2022, we completed our acquisition of canarchy craft brewery collective llc ("canarchy"), a craft beer and hard seltzer company, for $330.0 million in cash, subject to adjustments. the transaction allows us to enter the alcohol beverage sector and brings the cigar city family of brands including jai alai ipa and florida man ipa, the oskar blues family of brands including dale's pale ale and wild basin hard seltzers, the deep ellum family of brands including dallas blonde and deep ellum ipa, the perrin brewing family of brands including black ale, the squatters family of brands including hop rising double ipa and juicy ipa and the wasatch family of brands including apricot hefeweizen to our beverage portfolio. the transaction does not include canarchy's stand-alone restaurants. our organizational structure for our existing energy beverage business will remain unchanged. canarchy will function independently, retaining its own organizational structure and team.
●   international growth - the introduction, development and sustained profitability of our brands internationally remains a key value driver for our corporate growth. one or more of our products are distributed in approximately 154 countries and territories worldwide.
●   profitable growth - we believe "functional" value-added beverage brands supported by marketing and innovation and targeted to a diverse consumer base, drive profitable growth. we are focused on increasing the profit margins for both our monster energy® drinks segment and our strategic brands segment, and believe that tailored branding, packaging, pricing and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. we are implementing these strategies with a view to continuing profitable growth.
●   cost management - the principal focus of cost management will continue to be on mitigating increases and/or reducing input procurement and production costs on a per-case basis, including raw material costs and co-packing fees, as well as reducing freight costs by securing additional co-packing facilities strategically localized. another key area of focus is to decrease promotional allowances, selling and general and administrative costs, including sponsorships, sampling, promotional and marketing expenses, as a percentage of net sales.
●   efficient capital structure - our capital structure is designed to optimize our working capital in order to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally. we believe that with our strong capital position, our ability to raise funds, if necessary, at a relatively low effective cost of borrowings, provides a competitive advantage. the reduction of days outstanding for accounts receivable and inventory days on hand will remain an area of focus.
we believe that, subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained, these value drivers, when implemented and/or achieved in the united states and internationally, will result in: (1) improving or maintaining our product gross profit margins; (2) providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a percentage of net operating revenues; and (3) enhancing our cost of capital. the ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future results of operations.
net sales, gross profit, operating income, net income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value drivers. these measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2022 and beyond (see "part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations").
as of december 31, 2021, the company had working capital of $3.72 billion compared to $2.39 billion as of december 31, 2020. the increase in working capital was primarily the result of the $1.38 billion of net income earned during the year ended december 31, 2021. for the year ended december 31, 2021, our net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.16 billion as compared to $1.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. principal uses of cash flows in 2021, were purchases of investments, development of our monster energy® brand internationally and acquisitions of real property, property and equipment. these principal uses of cash flows are expected to be and remain our principal recurring use of cash and working capital funds in the future (see "part ii, item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources").
opportunities, challenges and risks looking forward, our management has identified certain challenges and risks for the beverage industry and the company, including our significant commercial relationship with tccc and tccc's status as a significant stockholder of the company, in each case as described above under "part i, item 1a - risk factors."
in addition, legislation has been proposed and/or adopted at the u.s., state, county and/or municipal level and proposed and/or adopted in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose taxes, limit product sizes or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. in addition, articles critical of the caffeine content in energy drinks and their perceived benefits and articles indicating certain health risks of energy drinks have been published. the proposal and/or adoption of such legislation and the publication of such articles, or the future proposal and/or adoption of similar legislation or publication of similar articles, may adversely affect our company. in addition, uncertainty and/or volatility in our domestic and/or our international economic markets could negatively affect both the stability of our industry and our company. furthermore, our growth strategy includes expanding our international business, which exposes us to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. consumer discretionary spending also represents a challenge to the successful marketing and sale of our products. increases in consumer and regulatory awareness of the health problems arising from obesity and inactive lifestyles continue to represent a challenge. we recognize that obesity is a complex and serious public health problem. our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light and low calorie beverages within our energy drink product lines. we continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice and variety. (see "part i, item 1a - risk factors").
our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. in order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of price, quality, method of distribution, brand image and intellectual property protection. the beverage industry is subject to changing consumer preferences that may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences.
in addition, other key challenges and risks that could impact our company's future financial results include, but are not limited to:
●   the risks associated with the realization of benefits from our relationship with tccc;
●   economic uncertainty in the united states, europe and other countries in which we operate;
●   the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
●   maintenance of our brand image, product quality and corporate reputation;
●   increasing concern over various environmental, human rights and health matters, including obesity, caffeine consumption and energy drinks generally, and changes in regulation and consumer preferences in response to those concerns;
●   profitable expansion and growth of our family of brands in the competitive market place (see "part i, item 1 - business - competition" and "part i, item 1 - business - sales and marketing");
●   the risks associated with entering into new sectors in the beverage industry, in particular the alcohol beverage sector, and making acquisitions to implement our growth strategy;
●   protection of our existing intellectual property portfolio of trademarks and copyrights and the continuous pursuit to develop and protect new and innovative trademarks and copyrights for our expanding product lines;
●   limitations on available quantities of aluminum cans;
●   limitations on co-packing availability;
●   the long-term impact of brexit on our business in europe and the united kingdom; and
●   the imposition of additional regulation, including regulation restricting the sale of energy drinks, limiting caffeine content in beverages, requiring product labeling and/or warnings, imposing excise taxes and/or sales taxes, and/or limiting product size and/or age restrictions.
see "part i, item 1a - risk factors" for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
we believe that the following opportunities exist for us:
●   planned and future new product and product line introductions with the objective of increasing sales and/or contributing to higher profitability;
●   package, pricing and channel opportunities to increase profitable growth;
●   effective strategic positioning to capitalize on industry growth;
●   broadening distribution/expansion opportunities in both domestic and international markets;
results of operations this section of the annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. a detailed discussion of 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
gross profit*1                                                          3,108,513               2,723,880               2,518,585       14.1%            8.2%
gross profit as a percentage of net sales                                   56.1%                   59.2%                   60.0%
1includes $41.5 million, $42.1 million and $46.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to the recognition of deferred revenue.
*gross profit may not be comparable to that of other entities since some entities include all costs associated with their distribution process in cost of sales, whereas others exclude certain costs and instead include such costs within another line item such as operating expenses. we include out-bound freight and warehouse costs in operating expenses rather than in cost of sales.
case sales, in 192-ounce case equivalents, were 613.4 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of approximately 108.6 million cases or 21.5% higher than case sales of 504.8 million cases for the year ended december 31, 2020. the overall average net sales per case (excluding net sales of aff third-party products of $25.9 million and $27.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as these sales do not have unit case equivalents) decreased to $8.99 for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was 0.7% lower than the average net sales per case of $9.06 for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in the average net sales per case was primarily the result of geographical sales mix.
gross profit gross profit was $3.11 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of approximately $384.6 million, or 14.1% higher than the gross profit of $2.72 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily the result of the $942.7 million increase in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2021.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 56.1% for the year ended december 31, 2021 from 59.2% for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily the result of increased aluminum can costs attributable to higher aluminum commodity pricing, increased costs of certain other raw materials and ingredients, increased freight-in costs and geographical sales mix.
operating expenses total operating expenses were $1.31 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of approximately $220.3 million, or 20.2% higher than total operating expenses of $1.09 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. as a percentage of net sales, operating expenses were 23.7% for both the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to increased out-bound freight and warehouse costs of $86.1 million, increased payroll expenses of $42.5 million, increased expenditures of $38.1 million for sponsorships and endorsements, increased expenditures of $15.7 million for social media and digital marketing, and increased expenditures of $10.4 million for professional service expenses, including accounting and legal costs. the increase in operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2021, was partially offset by $16.9 million due to the reversal of amounts previously accrued in connection with an intellectual property claim. during the comparative 2020 period, the company decreased expenditures for sponsorship and endorsements and decreased expenditures for travel and entertainment, each largely as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic was less pronounced on our sales and marketing programs during the year ended december 31, 2021. operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 (pre covid-19) were $1.12 billion, or 26.6% of net sales.
provision for income taxes provision for income taxes was $423.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, an increase of $207.4 million, or 95.8% higher than the provision for income taxes of $216.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the effective combined federal, state and foreign tax rate was 23.5% and 13.3% for the year ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the comparative provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2020 included the non-recurring tax benefit of approximately $165.1 million.
net income net income was $1.38 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, a decrease of $32.1 million, or 2.3% lower than net income of $1.41 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020. the decrease in net income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was primarily due to the $207.4 million increase in the provision for income taxes and the $220.3 million increase in operating expenses, partially offset by the $393.1 million increase in gross profit.
key business metrics we use certain key metrics and financial measures not prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate and manage our business. for a further discussion of how we use key metrics and certain non-gaap financial measures, see "non-gaap financial measures and other key metrics" below.
**gross billings represent amounts invoiced to customers net of cash discounts and returns. gross billings are used internally by management as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance, including sales performance of particular products, salesperson performance, product growth or declines and is useful to investors in evaluating overall company performance. the use of gross billings allows evaluation of sales performance before the effect of any promotional items, which can mask certain performance issues. we therefore believe that the presentation of gross billings provides a useful measure of our operating performance. the use of gross billings is not a measure that is recognized under gaap and should not be considered as an alternative to net sales, which is determined in accordance with gaap, and should not be used alone as an indicator of operating performance in place of net sales. additionally, gross billings may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies, as gross billings has been defined by our internal reporting practices. in addition, gross billings may not be realized in the form of cash receipts as promotional payments and allowances may be deducted from payments received from certain customers.
the following table reconciles the non-gaap financial measure of gross billings with the most directly comparable gaap financial measure of net sales:
***although the expenditures described in this line item are determined in accordance with gaap and meet gaap requirements, the presentation thereof does not conform to gaap presentation requirements. additionally, our definition of promotional and other allowances may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. promotional and other allowances primarily include consideration given to our bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following: (i) discounts granted off list prices to support price promotions to end-consumers by retailers; (ii) reimbursements given to our bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (iii) our agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iv) our agreed share of slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers, club stores and/or wholesalers; (v) incentives given to our bottlers/distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; (vi) discounted or free products; (vii) contractual fees given to our bottlers/distributors related to sales made by us direct to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and (viii) certain commissions paid based on sales to our bottlers/distributors. the presentation of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination of net sales and the spending levels incurred or correlated with such sales. promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing activities. our promotional allowance programs with our numerous bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the primary drivers of our promotional and other allowance activities for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were (i) to increase sales volume and trial, (ii) to address market conditions, and (iii) to secure shelf and display space at retail.
sales of beverages are expressed in unit case volume. a "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings). unit case volume means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of finished products or concentrates, as if converted into finished products, sold by us.
our quarterly results of operations reflect seasonal trends that are primarily the result of increased demand in the warmer months of the year. it has been our experience that beverage sales tend to be lower during the first and fourth quarters of each calendar year. in addition, our experience with our energy drink products suggests they are less seasonal than the seasonality expected from traditional beverages. quarterly fluctuations may also be affected by other factors including the introduction of new products, the opening of new markets where temperature fluctuations are more pronounced, the addition of new bottlers/distributors and customers, changes in the sales mix of our products and changes in and/or increased advertising and promotional expenses. (see "part i, item 1 - business - seasonality").
1excludes other segment net sales of $25.9 million, $27.0 million and $21.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
1excludes other segment net sales of $25.9 million, $27.0 million and $21.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, comprised of sales of our aff third-party products to independent third parties as these sales do not have unit case equivalents.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments - as of december 31, 2021, we had $1.33 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $1.75 billion in short-term investments and $99.4 million in long-term investments, including certificates of deposit, commercial paper, u.s. government agency securities, u.s. treasuries, and to a lesser extent, municipal securities. we maintain our investments for cash management purposes and not for purposes of speculation. our risk management policies emphasize credit quality (primarily based on short-term ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations) in selecting and maintaining our investments. we regularly assess market risk of our investments and believe our current policies and investment practices adequately limit those risks. however, certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. these risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
we believe that cash available from operations, including our cash resources and our revolving line of credit, will be sufficient for our working capital needs, including purchase commitments for raw materials and inventory, increases in accounts receivable, payments of tax liabilities, expansion and development needs, purchases of shares of our common stock, as well as purchases of capital assets, equipment and properties, through at least the next 12 months. based on our current plans, capital expenditures (exclusive of common stock repurchases) are currently estimated to be approximately $150.0 million through december 31, 2022. however, future business opportunities may cause a change in this estimate.
purchases of inventories, increases in accounts receivable and other assets, acquisition of property and equipment (including real property, personal property and coolers), leasehold improvements, advances for or the purchase of equipment for our bottlers, acquisition and maintenance of trademarks, payments of accounts payable, income taxes payable and purchases of our common stock are expected to remain our principal recurring use of cash.
operating activities                  $1,155,741          $1,364,163          $1,113,762
investing activities                  $(992,022)          $(472,487)          $(326,724)
financing activities                  $34,821             $(526,068)          $(628,506)
cash flows provided by operating activities. cash provided by operating activities was $1.16 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021, as compared with cash provided by operating activities of $1.36 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.38 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $50.2 million of depreciation and amortization, and $70.5 million of stock-based compensation. for the year ended december 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $114.3 million increase in accounts payable, a $71.6 million increase in accrued liabilities, a $31.5 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $16.4 million increase in deferred income taxes, an $8.0 million increase in accrued compensation and a $7.2 million increase in income taxes payable. for the year ended december 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable a $277.8 million increase in inventories, a $254.2 million increase in accounts receivable, a $29.3 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, a $22.7 million decrease in deferred revenue and a $10.9 million increase in prepaid income taxes.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income earned of $1.41 billion and adjustments for certain non-cash expenses, consisting of $57.0 million of depreciation and amortization, $70.3 million of stock-based compensation and $8.7 million of intangible impairments. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities also increased due to a $30.3 million decrease in inventories, a $26.4 million increase in accrued liabilities, an $18.7 million increase in accounts payable, a $13.8 million increase in accrued promotional allowances, a $10.4 million increase in income taxes payable, a $7.5 million increase in accrued compensation, a $5.5 million decrease in prepaid income taxes and a $1.0 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets. for the year ended december 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a $156.9 million increase in deferred income taxes, a $120.1 million increase in accounts receivable and a $21.5 million decrease in deferred revenue.
cash flows used in investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $992.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to cash used in investing activities of $472.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2020.
for both the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, cash provided by investing activities was primarily attributable to sales of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to purchases of available-for-sale investments. for both the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, cash used in investing activities also included the acquisition of fixed assets consisting of vans and promotional vehicles, coolers and other equipment to support our marketing and promotional activities, production equipment, furniture and fixtures, office and computer equipment, real property, computer software, equipment used for sales and administrative activities, certain leasehold improvements, improvements to real property as well as the acquisition, defense and maintenance of trademarks. we expect to continue to use a portion of our cash in excess of our requirements for operations for purchasing short-term and long-term investments, leasehold improvements, the acquisition of capital equipment (specifically, vans, trucks and promotional vehicles, coolers, other promotional equipment, merchandise displays, warehousing racks as well as items of production equipment required to produce certain of our existing and/or new products and to develop our brand in international markets) and for other corporate purposes. from time to time, we may also use cash to purchase additional real property related to our beverage business and/or acquire compatible businesses.
cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities. cash provided by financing activities was $34.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 as compared to cash used in financing activities of ($526.1) million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the cash flows provided by financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2021, and 2020 was primarily attributable to the issuance of our common stock related to stock-based compensation. the cash flows used in financing activities for both the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was primarily the result of the repurchases of our common stock related to stock-based compensation.
the following represents a summary of the company's contractual commitments and related scheduled maturities as of december 31, 2021:
purchase commitments2                 273,422               273,422              -                  -                   -
1 contractual obligations include our obligations related to sponsorships, other marketing activities and aff new production facility construction costs.
2 purchase commitments include obligations made by us and our subsidiaries to various suppliers for raw materials used in the production of our products. these obligations vary in terms, but are generally satisfied within one year.
in addition, no unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities as of december 31, 2021. it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not significantly change within the next 12 months.
accounting policies and pronouncements critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements. critical accounting estimates are those that management believes are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. judgments and uncertainties may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. see "part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - note 1 - organization and summary of significant accounting policies" for a summary of our significant accounting policies.
the following summarizes our most significant critical accounting estimates:
goodwill - the company records goodwill when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, including related tax effects. goodwill is not amortized; instead, goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if the company believes indicators of impairment exist. the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the company reasonably determines that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, the company performs its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant assumptions, including discount rate, projected future revenues, projected future operating margins and terminal growth rates. the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. the company will recognize an impairment for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds a reporting unit's fair value. for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, there were no impairments recorded and there are no accumulated impairment balances.
other intangibles - in accordance with fasb asc 350, intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are measured for impairment at least annually, or when events indicate that an impairment exists. recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined on a relief from royalty methodology, which is based on the implied royalty paid, at an appropriate discount rate, to license the use of an asset rather than owning the asset. the present value of the after-tax cost savings (i.e. royalty relief) indicates the estimated fair value of the asset. any excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value is recognized as an impairment loss equal to that excess. this analysis requires significant assumptions, including discount rate, projected future revenues and terminal growth rates. a significant change in any or a combination of the assumptions used to estimate fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets could have a negative impact on the estimated fair values. the company amortizes its trademarks with finite useful lives over their respective useful lives. for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2019 no impairments were recorded. for the year ended december 31, 2020, an impairment charge of $8.7 million was recorded to intangibles.
revenue recognition - promotional and other allowances (variable consideration) recorded as a reduction to net sales, primarily include consideration given to the company's bottlers/distributors or retail customers including, but not limited to the following:
●   reimbursements given to the company's bottlers/distributors for agreed portions of their promotional spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products;
●   the company's agreed share of fees given to bottlers/distributors and/or directly to retailers for advertising, in-store marketing and promotional activities;
●   contractual fees given to the company's bottlers/distributors related to sales made directly by the company to certain customers that fall within the bottlers'/distributors' sales territories; and
●   commissions paid to tccc based on our sales to certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of tccc and/or to certain companies accounted for under the equity method by tccc.
the company's promotional allowance programs with its bottlers/distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary course of business. these agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations, ranging from one week to one year. the company's promotional and other allowances are calculated based on various programs with bottlers/distributors and retail customers, and accruals are established during the year for its anticipated liabilities. these accruals are based on agreed upon terms as well as the company's historical experience with similar programs and require management's judgment with respect to estimating consumer participation and/or distributor and retail customer performance levels. differences between such estimated expenses and actual expenses for promotional and other allowance costs have historically been insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.
recent accounting pronouncements see "part ii, item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data - note 1 - organization and summary of significant accounting policies - recent accounting pronouncements" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and expected effects on the company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements certain statements made in this report may constitute forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended) (the "exchange act") regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability, adequacy of funds from operations and our existing credit facility, among other things. all statements containing a projection of revenues, income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, a statement of management's plans and objectives for future operations, or a statement of future economic performance contained in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including statements related to new products, volume growth and statements encompassing general optimism about future operating results and non-historical information, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the exchange act. without limiting the foregoing, the words "believes," "thinks," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
management cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors, many of which are outside our control and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements made including, but not limited to, the following:
●   our ability to absorb, mitigate or pass on to our bottlers/distributors and/or consumers increases in commodity, freight and other costs;
●   the human and economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, including new variants, as well as the measures taken or that may be taken in the future by governments, and consequently, businesses (including the company and its suppliers, bottlers/ distributors, co-packers and other service providers) and the public at large to limit the covid-19 pandemic;
●   fluctuations in growth and/or growth rates and/or decline in sales of the domestic and international energy drink categories generally, including in the convenience and gas channel (which is our largest channel) and the impact on demand for our products resulting from deteriorating economic conditions and/or financial uncertainties due to the covid-19 pandemic;
●   the impact of the reduction in 2020 or future reductions of our sponsorship and endorsement activities as well as our sampling activities as a result of covid-19 or other pandemics on our future sales and market share;
●   delays in the availability and/or administration and/or acceptance of vaccines may prolong the covid-19 pandemic;
●   the impact of vaccine mandates on our business and supply chain, including our ability to recruit and/or retain employees, and disruptions in the business of our co-packers, bottlers/distributors and/or suppliers.
●   the limitation or reduction by our suppliers, bottlers/distributors and/or co-packers of their activities and/or operations during the covid-19 pandemic;
●   our ability to introduce new products and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our innovation activities;
●   our ability to successfully adapt to the changing landscape of advertising, marketing, promotional, sponsorship and endorsement opportunities created by the covid-19 pandemic;
●   the impact of any reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while most office-based employees of the company are working remotely;
●   we have extensive commercial arrangements with tccc and, as a result, our future performance is substantially dependent on the success of our relationship with tccc;
●   the impact of tccc's bottlers/distributors distributing coca-cola brand energy drinks and possible reductions in the number of our skus carried by such bottlers/distributors and/or such bottlers/distributors imposing limitations on distributing new product skus;
●   our ability to maintain relationships with tccc system bottlers/distributors and manage their ongoing commitment to focus on our products;
●   unfavorable regulations, including taxation requirements, age restrictions imposed on the sale, purchase, or consumption of our products, marketing restrictions, product registration requirements, tariffs, trade restrictions, container size limitations and/or ingredient restrictions;
●   the effect of inquiries from, and/or actions by, state attorneys general, the federal trade commission (the "ftc"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), municipalities, city attorneys, other government agencies, quasi-government agencies, government officials (including members of u.s. congress) and/or analogous central and local agencies and other authorities in the foreign countries in which our products are manufactured and/or distributed, into the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, sale and/or consumption of our energy drink products, including voluntary and/or required changes to our business practices;
●   our ability to comply with laws, regulations and evolving industry standards regarding consumer privacy and data use and security, including with respect to the general data protection regulation and the california consumer privacy act of 2018;
●   our ability to achieve profitability and/or repatriate cash from certain of our operations outside the united states;
●   our ability to manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption and credit risk of foreign customers and/or bottlers/distributors;
●   our ability to produce our products in international markets in which they are sold, thereby reducing freight costs and/or product damages;
●   our ability to effectively manage our inventories and/or our accounts receivables;
●   our foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, which will continue to increase as foreign sales increase;
●   the long-term impact of the united kingdom's departure from the european union (or "brexit");
●   changes in accounting standards may affect our reported profitability;
●   implications of the organization for economic cooperation and development's base erosion and profit shifting project;
●   any proceedings which may be brought against us by the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), the fda, the ftc or other governmental agencies or bodies;
●   the outcome and/or possibility of future shareholder derivative actions or shareholder securities litigation that may be filed against us and/or against certain of our officers and directors, and the possibility of other private shareholder litigation;
●   the outcome of product liability or consumer fraud litigation and/or class action litigation (or its analog in foreign jurisdictions) regarding the safety of our products and/or the ingredients in and/or claims made in connection with our products and/or alleging false advertising, marketing and/or promotion, and the possibility of future product liability and/or class action lawsuits;
●   exposure to significant liabilities due to litigation, legal or regulatory proceedings;
●   uncertainty and volatility in the domestic and global economies, including risk of counterparty default or failure;
●   our ability to address any significant deficiencies or material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting;
●   our ability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support our expansion plans and general operating activities;
●   decreased demand for our products resulting from changes in consumer preferences, including changes in demand for different packages, sizes and configurations, obesity and other perceived health concerns, including concerns relating to certain ingredients in our products or packaging, product safety concerns and/or from decreased consumer discretionary spending power;
●   adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, product safety and quality, water usage, environmental impact and sustainability, human rights, our culture, workforce and labor and workplace laws;
●   changes in demand that are weather related and/or for other reasons, including changes in product category and/or package consumption and changes in cost and availability of certain key ingredients including aluminum cans, as well as disruptions to the supply chain, as a result of climate change and extreme weather conditions;
●   the impact of unstable political conditions, civil unrest, large scale terrorist acts, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the covid-19 pandemic);
●   the impact on our business of competitive products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace as a result of actions by competitors, including unsubstantiated and/or misleading claims, false advertising claims and tortious interference, as well as competitors selling misbranded products;
●   our ability to implement and/or maintain price increases, including through reductions in promotional allowances;
●   an inability to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives;
●   our ability to sustain the current level of sales and/or achieve growth for our monster energy® brand energy drinks and/or our other products, including our strategic brands;
●   our ability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, such as the alcoholic beverage sector;
●   our ability to successfully integrate canarchy and other acquired businesses or assets;
●   the impact of criticism of our energy drink products and/or the energy drink market generally and/or legislation enacted (whether as a result of such criticism or otherwise) that restricts the marketing or sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limits caffeine content in beverages, requires certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, imposes excise and/or sales taxes, limits product sizes and/or imposes age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks;
●   our ability to comply with and/or resulting lower consumer demand and/or lower profit margins for energy drinks due to proposed and/or future u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations and/or proposed or existing laws and regulations in certain foreign jurisdictions and/or any changes therein, including changes in taxation requirements (including tax rate changes, new tax laws, new and/or increased excise, sales and/or other taxes on our products and revised tax law interpretations) and environmental laws, as well as the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act and regulations or rules made thereunder or in connection therewith by the fda, as well as changes in any other food, drug or similar laws in the united states and internationally, especially those changes that may restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit caffeine content in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and/or warnings, impose excise taxes, impose sugar taxes, limit product sizes, or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks, as well as laws and regulations or rules made or enforced by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives and/or the ftc or their foreign counterparts;
●   our ability to satisfy all criteria set forth in any model energy drink guidelines, including, without limitation, those adopted by the american beverage association, of which we are a member, and/or any international beverage associations and the impact of our failure to satisfy such guidelines may have on our business;
●   changes in the cost, quality and availability of containers, packaging materials, aluminum cans, the midwest and other premiums, raw materials, including flavors and flavor ingredients, and other ingredients and juice concentrates, and our ability to obtain and/or maintain favorable supply arrangements and relationships and procure timely and/or sufficient production of all or any of our products to meet customer demand;
●   any shortages that may be experienced in the procurement of containers and/or other raw materials including, without limitation, flavors, flavor ingredients, supplement ingredients, aluminum cans generally, pet containers used for our monster hydro® energy drinks, 24-ounce aluminum cap cans and 550ml bre aluminum cans with resealable ends;
●   limitations in securing the supply of sufficient quantities of aluminum cans may cause us to focus on producing higher volume products. as a result, certain of our lower volume products may be temporarily discontinued by our bottlers/distributors and/or their retail customers, and we may not be able to reinstate all, or any, of such lower volume products in the future;
●   in order to secure sufficient quantities of aluminum cans and sufficient co-packing availability in the future, we may be required to commit to minimum purchase volumes and/or minimum co-packing volumes. in the event that we over-estimate future demand for our products and therefore may not purchase such minimum quantities in full, or utilize such minimum co-packing volumes in full, we may incur claims and/or costs or losses in respect of such shortfalls;
●   the impact on our cost of sales of corporate activity among the limited number of suppliers from whom we purchase certain raw materials;
●   our ability to pass on to our customers all or a portion of any increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, commodities and/or other cost inputs affecting our business;
●   our ability to achieve both internal domestic and international forecasts, which may be based on projected volumes and sales of many product types and/or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others; there can be no assurance that we will achieve projected levels of sales as well as forecasted product and/or geographic mixes;
●   our ability to penetrate new domestic and/or international markets and/or gain approval or mitigate the delay in securing approval for the sale of our products in various countries;
●   the effectiveness of sales and/or marketing efforts by us and/or by the bottlers/distributors of our products, most of whom distribute products that may be regarded as competitive with our products;
●   unilateral decisions by bottlers/distributors, buying groups, convenience chains, grocery chains, mass merchandisers, specialty chain stores, e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time, restrict the range of our products they carry, impose restrictions or limitations on the sale of our products and/or devote less resources to the sale of our products;
●   the effects of retailer consolidation on our business and our ability to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape;
●   our ability to adapt to the changing retail landscape with the rapid growth in e-commerce retailers;
●   unforeseen economic and political changes and local or international catastrophic events;
●   possible product recalls and/or reformulations of certain of our products and/or market withdrawals of certain of our products due to defective and/or non-compliant formulas or production in one or more jurisdictions;
●   our ability to make suitable arrangements and/or procure sufficient capacity for the co-packing of any of our products both domestically and internationally, the timely replacement of discontinued co-packing arrangements and/or limitations on co-packing availability, including for retort production;
●   our ability to make suitable arrangements for the timely procurement of non-defective raw materials;
●   our inability to protect and/or the loss of our intellectual property rights and/or our inability to use our trademarks, trade names or designs and/or trade dress in certain countries;
●   volatility of stock prices which may restrict stock sales, stock purchases or other opportunities as well as negatively impact the motivation of equity award grantees;
●   any disruption in and/or lack of effectiveness of our information technology systems, including a breach of cyber security, that disrupts our business or negatively impacts customer relationships, as well as cybersecurity incidents involving data shared with third parties; and
●   recruitment and retention of senior management, other key employees and our employee base in general.
the foregoing list of important factors and other risks detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the securities and exchange commission is not exhaustive. see "part i, item 1a - risk factors," for a more complete discussion of these risks and uncertainties and for other risks and uncertainties. those factors and the other risk factors described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. consequently, our actual results could be materially different from the results described or anticipated by our forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of estimates, forecasts and projections, and may be better or worse than anticipated. given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were made. we expressly disclaim any duty to provide updates to forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this report, in order to reflect changes in circumstances or expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events except to the extent required by applicable securities laws.