item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us and our common stock. although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. we have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be affected by, these risks. you should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.
business and operational risks the covid-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse effect on our business and on general economic, financial and business conditions.
the covid-19 pandemic and existing covid-19 mitigation measures continue to have adverse effects on global travel and economic activity and, consequently, demand for the petroleum products that we manufacture, sell, transport and store. significant uncertainty remains as to the extent to which further resurgences in the virus, the emergence of new variants and waning vaccine effectiveness may spur future actions by individuals, governments and the private sector to stem the spread of the virus. refinery utilization rates and refined product demand-particularly with respect to jet fuel-remain below historical levels.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact global economic conditions, our business and the business of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, will depend largely on future developments that remain uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as the length and severity of the pandemic; the social, economic and epidemiological effects of covid-19 mitigation measures; the extent to which individuals acquire and retain immunity; emerging virus variants and how those new variants of the disease affect the human body; and general economic conditions.
new or additional mitigation measures required by national, state or local governments, such as vaccine or testing mandates, may result in increased operating costs, increased employee attrition and difficulty in securing future workforce needs, and may adversely affect discretionary and business travel.
additionally, the continuation of the pandemic could precipitate or aggravate the other risks identified in this form 10-k, which in turn could further materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including in ways not currently known or considered by us to present significant risks.
increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on us. current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. continuing increases in inflation could impact the commodity markets generally, the overall demand for our products, our costs for feedstocks, labor, material and services and the margins we are able to realize on our products and services, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. inflation may also result in higher interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest expense related to our variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings we undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness.
our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and continue the payment of our base dividend are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. historically, refining and marketing margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. our margins from the sale of gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil and other feedstocks. the prices of feedstocks and the prices at which we can sell our refined products fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including:
•transportation infrastructure cost and availability;
•the development by competitors of new refining or renewable conversion capacity;
•natural gas and electricity supply costs;
•political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict or other global political or economic conditions;
•local weather conditions; and
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we generally purchase our feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. we also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
lower refining and marketing margins have in the past, and may in the future, lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. significant reductions in refining and marketing margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and require us to re-evaluate practices regarding our repurchase activity and dividends.
legal, technological, political and scientific developments regarding emissions, fuel efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles may decrease demand for petroleum-based transportation fuels.
moreover, consumer acceptance and market penetration of electric, hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles continues to increase. in 2021, several automobile manufacturers jointly announced their shared goal that 40-50% of their new vehicle sales be battery electric, fuel cell or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2030. other automobile manufacturers have similar, or more aggressive, goals with respect to vehicle electrification.
together, these trends and developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our petroleum-based transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to business interruptions, such as scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, acts of terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. these types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses. we have experienced certain of these incidents in the past.
for assets located near populated areas, the level of damage resulting from such an incident could be greater. in addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. mplx operates a fleet of boats and barges to transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals and feedstocks to and from refineries and terminals owned by mpc. transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the opa-90 and state laws in u.s. coastal and great lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. if we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. in addition, the service providers contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events.
damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities.
we are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. we rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer and investor data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers' retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions.
our systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, and phishing and social engineering schemes, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. these and other cybersecurity threats may originate with criminal attackers, state-sponsored actors or employee error or malfeasance. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems continuously evolve and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond in a timely manner, we (and our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to the risk of cyberattacks.
our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. we and our third-party vendors and service providers have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity events of varying degrees. to date, the impacts of prior events have not had a material adverse effect on us.
cybersecurity events involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, regulated personally identifiable information, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review or scrutiny; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, u.s. federal and state laws. any of such results could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the availability and cost of renewable identification numbers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
pursuant to the energy policy act of 2005 and the eisa, congress established a renewable fuel standard ("rfs") program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. a renewable identification number ("rin") is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in, or imported into, the united states. as a producer of petroleum-based motor fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to epa's quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase rins in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the rfs program. we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. rins prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including epa regulations, the availability of rins for purchase, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. additionally, the status of epa rfs exemptions may impact the price of rins. epas policy on granting certain rfs exemptions has changed under the biden administration, and some previously granted exemptions have been the subject of legal proceedings that may ultimately result in the reversal of past exemptions. epa's reversal of exemptions previously granted to us or other refiners could result in a decrease in the rin bank, an increase in the price of rins or an increase in the amount of renewable fuel we are required to blend, any of which could increase mpc's rfs cost of compliance. there is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most rins sold on the open market. we have developed a rin integrity program to vet the rins that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit rin generators. nevertheless, if any of the rins that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid rins. see item 1. business - regulatory matters for additional information on these and other regulatory compliance matters.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum products. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. our competitors include multinational, integrated major oil companies that can obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production. competitors that produce crude oil are at times better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
we also compete with other companies for customers for our refined petroleum products. the independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily marathon-branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, outlets owned or operated by integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. non-traditional transportation fuel retailers, such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. the loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. in addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted or limited because of weather events, accidents, governmental regulations or third-party actions.
in particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. a prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, can adversely affect us.
a significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in mplx's areas of operation may adversely affect mplx's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including mpc.
a significant portion of mplx's operations is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. the production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that mplx's cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. to maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of mplx's facilities, mplx must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, ngl and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed.
we have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of mplx's operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. in addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by demand, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. reductions in exploration or production activity in mplx's areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities.
decreases in energy prices can lead to decreases in drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. the prices for oil, natural gas and ngls depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. sustained periods of low prices can result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which can substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and ngls to mplx's facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us.
this impact may also be exacerbated due to the extent of mplx's commodity-based contracts, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and ngl prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a btu equivalent basis than ngl products. in addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and ngls in the ordinary course exposes our midstream operations to volatility in natural gas or ngl prices due to the potential difference in the time of the purchases and sales and the potential difference in the price associated with each transaction, and direct exposure may also occur naturally as a result of production processes. also, the significant volatility in natural gas, ngl and oil prices could adversely impact mplx's unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. such impacts could adversely impact mplx's ability to execute its long‐term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments.
severe weather events and other climate conditions may adversely affect our facilities and ongoing operations.
our facilities are subject to acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires and winter storms, and chronic physical risks, such as sea-level rise or water shortages. for example, in 2021, our galveston bay refinery was adversely affected by winter storm uri and our garyville refinery was adversely affected by hurricane ida. the occurrence of these and similar events have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our assets and operations. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. to the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the united states and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
we operate and sell some of our products outside the united states. our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, political and social unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. future outbreaks of infectious diseases could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally, as the covid-19 pandemic has done over the last two years. in addition, the deterioration of trade relationships, modification or termination of existing trade agreements, imposition of new economic sanctions against russia or other countries and the effects of potential responsive countermeasures, or increased taxes, border adjustments or tariffs can make international business operations more costly, which can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to comply with u.s. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses, and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
more broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. hostilities in the middle east, russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity often result in a decline in energy consumption, which may cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. these risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, ngls and natural gas. additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. for example, the u.s. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, ngls, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. in addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions or revoke or refuse to grant necessary permits.
our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our reliance on our joint venture partners and their financial condition, and our joint venture partners may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions may affect our facilities or those of our customers and suppliers.
refining, gathering and processing, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, and other energy assets, may be the subject of terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions. any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
financial risks we have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile or downgrade of our credit ratings, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally.
at december 31, 2021, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $25.95 billion, including $18.91 billion of obligations of mplx and its subsidiaries. we may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future.
•increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions;
•limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
•limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders;
•limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
•requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes.
a decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. we cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
during 2020, there were significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories. those significant variations required us to record either inventory valuation charges or benefits to reflect the valuation of our inventories at the lower of cost or market. future inventory valuation adjustments could have a negative or positive effect on our financial performance. in addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. such conditions could also result in an increased risk that our customers and other counterparties may be unable to fully fulfill their obligations in a timely manner, or at all.
a continued period of economic slowdown or recession, or a protracted period of depressed prices for crude oil or refined petroleum products, could have significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and could diminish our liquidity, trigger additional impairments and negatively affect our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all.
our working capital, cash flows and liquidity can be significantly affected by decreases in commodity prices.
payment terms for our crude oil purchases are generally longer than the terms we extend to our customers for refined product sales. as a result, the payables for our crude oil purchases are proportionally larger than the receivables for our refined product sales. due to this net payables position, a decrease in commodity prices generally results in a use of working capital, and given the significant volume of crude oil that we purchase the impact can materially affect our working capital, cash flows and liquidity.
increases in interest rates could adversely impact our share price, our ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to make dividends at our intended levels.
our revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate. as a result, future interest rates on our debt could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. in addition, we may in the future refinance outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with fixed-rate indebtedness. interest rates payable on fixed-rate indebtedness typically are higher than the short-term variable interest rates that we pay on borrowings under our revolving credit facility. we also have other fixed-rate indebtedness that we may need or desire to refinance in the future at or prior to the applicable stated maturity. a rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our share price and our ability to issue equity or incur debt for acquisitions or other purposes and to make dividends at our intended levels.
a portion of our borrowing capacity and outstanding indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate based on libor. on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority (the authority that regulates libor), or fca, announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. subsequently, on march 5, 2021, ice benchmark administration limited (the entity that calculates and publishes libor), or iba, and fca made public statements regarding the future cessation of libor. according to the fca, iba will permanently cease to publish each of the libor settings on either december 31, 2021
or june 30, 2023. iba did not identify any successor administrator in its announcement. the announced final publication date for 1-week and 2-month libor settings and all settings for non-usd libor was december 31, 2021. the announced final publication date for overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month libor settings is june 30, 2023. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after such end dates, and there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication or representativeness of libor beyond such end dates. the u.s. federal reserve, in conjunction with the alternative reference rates committee, is seeking to replace u.s. dollar libor with a newly created index (the secured overnight financing rate or sofr), calculated based on repurchase agreements backed by treasury securities.
the agreements that govern our variable rate indebtedness contain customary transition and fallback provisions in contemplation of the cessation of libor. nevertheless, at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect that these developments, any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor or any other reference rate, or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the united kingdom, the united states or elsewhere may have on libor, other benchmarks or floating rate indebtedness. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuance, modification, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. furthermore, the use of alternative reference rates or other reforms could cause the market value of, the applicable interest rate on and the amount of interest paid on our floating rate indebtedness to be materially different than expected and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance such floating rate indebtedness or raise future indebtedness on a cost effective basis. restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. the risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
we do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates.
we accounted for the andeavor and other acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill.
as of december 31, 2021, our balance sheet reflected $8.3 billion and $2.2 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. we have in the past recorded significant impairments of our goodwill. to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.
large capital projects can take years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns.
we have several large capital projects underway, including the activities associated with the conversion of the martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility. delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•denials of, delays in receiving, or revocations of requisite regulatory approvals or permits;
•adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•market-related increases in a project's debt or equity financing costs;
•nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors; and
•delays due to citizen, state or local political or activist pressure.
moreover, our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time and we may not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project, if at all.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
legal and regulatory risks we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental or other laws or regulations. future environmental laws and regulations may impact our current business plans and reduce demand for our products and services.
our business is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our business. laws and regulations expected to become more stringent relate to the following:
•characteristics and composition of transportation fuels, including the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into transportation fuels,
•permitting,
•facility security.
the specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources, production processes and subsequent judicial interpretation of such laws and regulations. we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. we have incurred and may in the future incur liability for personal injury, property damage, natural resource damage or clean-up costs due to alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals such as benzene and mtbe. there is also increased regulatory interest in per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ("pfas"), which we expect will lead to increased monitoring and remediation obligations and potential liability related thereto. such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing and other oil and gas production activities could result in reductions or delays in u.s. production of crude oil and natural gas, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
while we do not conduct hydraulic fracturing operations, we do provide gathering, processing and fractionation services with respect to natural gas and natural gas liquids produced by our customers as a result of such operations. our refineries are also supplied in part with crude oil produced from unconventional oil shale reservoirs. a range of federal, state and local laws and regulations currently govern or, in some cases, prohibit, hydraulic fracturing in some jurisdictions. stricter laws, regulations and permitting processes may be enacted in the future. if federal, state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and gas production activities are enacted or expanded, such efforts could impede oil and gas production, increase producers' cost of compliance, and result in reduced volumes available for our midstream assets to gather, process and fractionate.
the tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in mplx units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
the present u.s. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including mplx, or an investment in mplx common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. from time to time, the president and members of the u.s. congress propose and consider substantive changes to the existing u.s. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate mplx's ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment.
for example, the biden administration's may 2021 budget proposal included a proposal that would have repealed the application of the qualifying income exception to partnerships with income and gains from activities relating to fossil fuels for taxable years beginning after 2026.
we are unable to predict whether any such changes will ultimately be enacted. any modification to the u.s. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for mplx to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes or increase the amount of taxes payable by unitholders in publicly traded partnerships.
climate change and greenhouse gas emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could affect our results of operations and financial condition.
currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas (including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxides) and other emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. these include actions to develop international, federal, regional or statewide programs, which could require reductions in our greenhouse gas or other emissions, establish a carbon tax and decrease the demand for refined products. requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments.
for example, california and washington have enacted cap-and-trade programs. other states are proposing, or have already promulgated, low carbon fuel standards or similar initiatives to reduce emissions from the transportation sector. if we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
certain municipalities have also proposed or enacted restrictions on the installation of natural gas appliances and infrastructure in new residential or commercial construction, which could affect demand for the natural gas that mplx transports and stores.
regional and state climate change and air emissions goals and regulatory programs are complex, subject to change and considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors including technological feasibility, legal challenges and potential changes in federal policy. increasing concerns about climate change and carbon intensity have also resulted in societal concerns and a number of international and national measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions. additional stricter measures and investor pressure can be expected in the future and any of these changes may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition.
international climate change-related efforts, such as the 2015 united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement, may impact the regulatory framework of states whose policies directly influence our present and future operations. though the united states had withdrawn from the paris agreement, president biden issued an executive order recommitting the united states to the paris agreement on january 20, 2021. president biden also issued an executive order on climate change in which he announced putting the u.s. on a path to achieve net-zero carbon emissions, economy-wide, by 2050. the executive order also calls for the federal government to pause oil and gas leasing on federal lands, reduce methane emissions from the oil and gas sector as quickly as possible, and requires federal permitting decisions to consider the effects of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. in a second executive order, president biden reestablished a working group to develop the social cost of carbon and the social cost of methane. the social cost of carbon and social cost of methane can be used to weigh the costs and benefits of proposed regulations. a higher social cost of carbon could support more stringent greenhouse gas emission regulation.
the scope and magnitude of the changes to u.s. climate change strategy under the biden administration and future administrations, however, remain subject to the passage of legislation and interpretation and action of federal and state regulatory bodies; therefore, the impact to our industry and operations due to greenhouse gas regulation is unknown at this time.
energy companies are subject to increasing environmental and climate-related litigation.
governmental and other entities in various u.s. states have filed lawsuits against various energy companies, including us. the lawsuits allege damages as a result of climate change and the plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. additionally, private plaintiffs and government parties have undertaken efforts to shut down energy assets by challenging operating permits, the validity of easements or the compliance with easement conditions. for example, the dakota access pipeline, in which mplx has a minority interest, has been subject to litigation in which plaintiffs sought a permanent shutdown of the pipeline. there remains a high degree of uncertainty regarding the ultimate outcome of these types of proceedings, as well as their potential effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
we are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures and other forms of opposition to the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. such risks could adversely impact our business and ability to realize certain growth strategies.
we operate and develop our business with the expectation that regulations and societal sentiment will continue to enable the development, transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. however, policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, storage and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence and protests of environmental and other special interest groups. additionally, societal sentiment regarding carbon-based fuels may adversely impact our reputation and ability to attract and retain employees.
the approval process for storage and transportation projects has become increasingly challenging, due in part to state and local concerns related to pipelines, negative public perception regarding the oil and gas industry, and concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions downstream of pipeline operations. our expansion or construction projects may not be completed on schedule (or at all), or at the budgeted cost. we also may be required to incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the design and installation of our facilities due to their location and the surrounding terrain. we may be required to install additional facilities, incur additional capital and operating expenditures, or experience interruptions in or impairments of our operations to the extent that the facilities are not designed or installed correctly.
in recent years, increasing attention has been given to corporate activities related to environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters in public discourse and the investment community. a number of advocacy groups, both domestically and internationally, have campaigned for governmental and private action to promote esg-related change at public companies, including, but not limited to, through the investment and voting practices of investment advisers, pension funds, universities and other members of the investing community. these activities include increasing attention and demands for action related to climate change and energy transition matters, such as promoting the use of substitutes to fossil fuel products and encouraging the divestment of fossil fuel equities, as well as pressuring lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel companies. if this were to continue, it could have a material adverse effect on our access to capital. members of the investment community have begun to screen companies such as ours for sustainability performance, including practices related to ghg emission reduction and energy transition strategies. if we are unable to find economically viable, as well as publicly acceptable, solutions that reduce our ghg emissions, reduce ghg intensity for new and existing projects, increase our non-fossil fuel product portfolio, and/or address other esg-related stakeholder concerns, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
regulatory and other requirements concerning the transportation of crude oil and other commodities by rail may cause increases in transportation costs or limit the amount of crude oil that we can transport by rail.
we rely on a variety of systems to transport crude oil, including rail. rail transportation is regulated by federal, state and local authorities. new regulations or changes in existing regulations could result in increased compliance expenditures. for example, in 2015, the u.s. department of transportation issued new standards and regulations applicable to crude-by-rail transportation (enhanced tank car standards and operational controls for high-hazard flammable trains). these or other regulations that require the reduction of volatile or flammable constituents in crude oil that is transported by rail, change the design or standards for rail cars used to transport the crude oil we purchase, change the routing or scheduling of trains carrying crude oil, or require any other changes that detrimentally affect the economics of delivering north american crude oil by rail could increase the time required to move crude oil from production areas to our refineries, increase the cost of rail transportation and decrease the efficiency of shipments of crude oil by rail within our operations. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
historic or current operations could subject us to significant legal liability or restrict our ability to operate.
we currently are defending litigation and anticipate we will be required to defend new litigation in the future. our operations, including those of mplx, and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. while an adverse outcome in most litigation matters would not be expected to be material to us, in class-action litigation, large classes of plaintiffs may allege damages relating to extended periods of time or other alleged facts and circumstances that could increase the amount of potential damages. attorneys general and other government officials have in the past and may in the future pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages from companies on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. if we are not able to successfully defend such litigation, it may result in liability to our company that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition to substantial liability, plaintiffs in litigation may also seek injunctive relief which, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
approximately 3,762 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. approximately 2,545 refinery employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements that were set to expire on january 31, 2022, but have been extended by mutual agreement, subject to a 24-hour written notice of cancellation by either party. the remaining 1,217 hourly represented employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with expiration dates ranging from 2022 to 2026. these agreements may be renewed at an increased cost to us. in addition, we have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, work stoppages as a result of labor disagreements. for example, approximately 170 workers at our st. paul park refinery were on strike from january 21, 2021 until july 5, 2021. any prolonged work stoppages disrupting operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, california requires refinery owners to pay prevailing wages to contract craft workers and restricts refiners' ability to hire qualified employees to a limited pool of applicants. legislation or changes in regulations could result in labor shortages, higher labor costs, and an increased risk that contract workers become joint employees, which could trigger bargaining issues, and wage and benefit consequences, especially during critical maintenance and construction periods.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a master limited partnership, which may expose us to certain legal liabilities.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of mplx, a master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of mplx may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest. any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if foreign investment in us or mplx exceeds certain levels, we could be prohibited from operating vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the shipping act of 1916 and merchant marine act of 1920 (collectively, the "maritime laws"), generally require that vessels engaged in u.s. coastwise trade be owned by u.s. citizens. among other requirements to establish citizenship, entities that own such vessels must be owned at least 75 percent by u.s. citizens. if we fail to maintain compliance with the maritime laws, we would be prohibited from operating vessels in the u.s. inland waters or otherwise in u.s. coastwise trade. such a prohibition could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we do not own all of the land on which certain of our assets are located, particularly our midstream assets, but rather obtain the rights to construct and operate such assets on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. therefore, we are subject to the possibility of more burdensome terms and increased costs to retain necessary land use if our leases, rights-of-way or other property rights lapse, terminate or are reduced or it is determined that we do not have valid leases, rights-of-way or other property rights. for example, a portion of the tesoro high plains pipeline in north dakota remains shut down following delays in renewing a right-of-way necessary for the operation of a section of the pipeline. any loss of or reduction in our real property rights, including loss or reduction due to legal, governmental or other actions or difficulty renewing leases, right-of-way agreements or permits on satisfactory terms or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
certain of our facilities are located on native american tribal lands and are subject to various federal and tribal approvals and regulations, which can increase our costs and delay or prevent our efforts to conduct planned operations.
various federal agencies within the u.s. department of the interior, particularly the bureau of indian affairs, along with each native american tribe, regulate natural gas and oil operations on native american tribal lands. in addition, each native american tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. these tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees, requirements to employ native american tribal members and other conditions that apply to operators and contractors conducting operations on native american tribal lands. persons conducting operations on tribal lands are generally subject to the native american tribal court system. in addition, if our relationships with any of the relevant native american tribes were to deteriorate, we could face significant risks to our ability to continue operations on native american tribal lands. one or more of these factors may increase our cost of doing business on native american tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay our ability to conduct operations on such lands.
the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be, to the extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders.
•any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of mpc to mpc or its stockholders
the forum selection provision may restrict a stockholder's ability to bring a claim against us or directors or officers of mpc in a forum that it finds favorable, which may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims at all. alternatively, if a court were to find the forum selection provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in another forum, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. however, the forum selection provision does not apply to any claims, actions or proceedings arising under the securities act or the exchange act.
provisions in our corporate governance documents could operate to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our capital stock or affect its liquidity.
the existence of some provisions within our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. these include provisions:
•providing for the division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered terms;
•limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•establishing supermajority vote requirements for certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation;
•authorizing a large number of shares of common stock that are not yet issued, which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us; and
our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. for example, we could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our board of directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock.
finally, to facilitate compliance with the maritime laws, our restated certificate of incorporation limits the aggregate percentage ownership by non-u.s. citizens of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock to 23 percent of the outstanding shares. we may prohibit transfers that would cause ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock by non-u.s. citizens to exceed 23 percent. our restated certificate of incorporation also authorizes us to effect any and all measures necessary or desirable to monitor and limit foreign ownership of our common stock or any other class of our capital stock. these limitations could have an adverse impact on the liquidity of the market for our common stock if holders are unable to transfer shares to non-u.s. citizens due to the limitations on ownership by non-u.s. citizens. any such limitation on the liquidity of the market for our common stock could adversely impact the market price of our common stock.
strategic transaction risks we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the speedway sale.
on may 14, 2021, we completed the sale of speedway, our company-owned and operated retail transportation fuel and convenience store business, to 7-eleven. we may not realize some or all the expected benefits of the sale. for example, we may be unable to utilize fully the proceeds from the sale as anticipated or capture the value we expect from our plans to strengthen our balance sheet and return capital to our shareholders. following the completion of the sale, our diversification of revenue sources diminished, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be subject to increased volatility as a result.
general risk factors significant stockholders may attempt to effect changes at our company or acquire control over our company, which could impact the pursuit of business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our stockholders may from time to time engage in proxy solicitations, advance stockholder proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes or acquire control over our company. campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly traded companies are sometimes led by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the management of our operations and the pursuit of our business strategies. as a result, stockholder campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
future acquisitions will involve the integration of new assets or businesses and may present substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows.
future transactions involving the addition of new assets or businesses will present risks, which may include, among others:
•inaccurate assumptions about future synergies, revenues, capital expenditures and operating costs;
•an inability to successfully integrate, or a delay in the successful integration of, assets or businesses we acquire;
•a decrease in our liquidity resulting from using a portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity under our revolving credit agreement to finance transactions;
•a significant increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance transactions;
•the assumption of unknown environmental and other liabilities, losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which our indemnity is inadequate;
compliance with and changes in tax laws could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal and state income taxes, transactional taxes, and payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
additionally, many tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to interest and penalties.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations all statements in this section, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. see "disclosures regarding forward-looking statements" and item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. the following information concerning our business, results of operations and financial condition should also be read in conjunction with the information included under item 1. business, item 1a. risk factors and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
executive summary business update for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021, we continued to see recovery in the environment in which our business operates, albeit in some markets and regions more or less than others. the increased availability of vaccinations and the reductions in travel and business restrictions appeared to drive increased economic activity, including the opening of many businesses and schools, as well as more in-person interaction broadly. demand for gasoline and distillates, excluding jet fuel, have returned to near 2019 pre-pandemic levels. permanent remote work and teleconferencing arrangements may continue to impact demand for our refined products. while we have seen improved results through 2021, we are unable to predict the potential effects that further resurgences of covid-19 may have on our financial position and results.
in response to this business environment, we continue to focus on the following priorities for our business:
strengthen competitive position of assets we are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. with our investments we are focused on high returning projects that we believe will enhance the competitiveness of our portfolio, including our investments in sustainable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity as the global energy mix evolves.
improve commercial performance we are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. a near-term focus has been securing advantaged renewable feedstocks as we continue to advance our renewable fuels production capabilities. this includes exploring joint venture opportunities and strategic alliances within the renewable fuels value chain.
continued capital discipline and focus on low-cost culture we are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, driving operational improvements and being disciplined in capital allocation. this means lowering our costs in all aspects of our business and challenging ourselves to be disciplined in every dollar we spend across our organization. we look to optimize our portfolio of investment opportunities to ensure efficient deployment of capital focusing on projects with the highest returns.
in connection with our commitment to lower cost and strengthen the competitive position of our assets, in the third quarter of 2020, we announced strategic actions to lay a foundation for long-term success, including plans to optimize our assets and structurally lower costs in 2021 and beyond. these actions included indefinitely idling the gallup refinery, initiating actions to strategically reposition the martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility and the approval of an involuntary workforce reduction plan. our results for the year ended december 31, 2021 reflect the favorable effects from these cost reduction actions.
many uncertainties remain with respect to covid-19, and we are unable to predict the ultimate economic impacts from covid-19 and how quickly the u.s. and economies around the world can recover once the pandemic ultimately subsides. however, the adverse impact of the economic effects on mpc have been and may continue to be significant.
commitment to sustainability our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social and governance dimensions of our business. that means strengthening resiliency by lowering the carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. specifically, we established a 2030 target to reduce our absolute scope 3 - category 11 ghg emissions by 15% below 2019 levels. additionally, mplx established a new 2030 target to reduce methane emissions intensity by 75% below 2016 levels. the reduction target applies to mplx's natural gas gathering and processing operations and represents an expansion of the existing 2025 target, established in 2020, to reduce methane emissions intensity by 50% below 2016 levels.
strategic updates on february 2, 2022, we announced our board of directors approved an incremental $5.0 billion share repurchase authorization. the authorization has no expiration date. as of december 31, 2021, mpc had $5.27 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorizations prior to this additional authorization.
on december 14, 2021, we finalized the formation of a joint venture with archer-daniels-midland company ("adm") for the production of soybean oil to supply rapidly growing demand for renewable diesel fuel. the joint venture, which is named green bison soy processing, llc, will own and operate a soybean processing complex in spiritwood, north dakota, with adm owning 75 percent of the joint venture and mpc owning 25 percent. when complete in 2023, the spiritwood facility will source and process local soybeans and supply the resulting soybean oil exclusively to mpc. the spiritwood complex is expected to produce approximately 600 million pounds of refined soybean oil annually, enough feedstock for approximately 75 million gallons of renewable diesel per year.
on may 14, 2021, we completed the sale of speedway, our company-owned and operated retail transportation fuel and convenience store business, to 7-eleven for cash proceeds of $21.38 billion. this transaction resulted in a pretax gain of $11.68 billion ($8.02 billion after income taxes) after deducting the book value of the net assets and certain other adjustments. mpc remains committed to executing its plan to use the net proceeds from the sale to strengthen the balance sheet and return capital to shareholders.
in connection with the speedway sale, our board of directors approved an additional $7.1 billion share repurchase authorization bringing total share repurchase authorizations to $10.0 billion prior to the june tender offer discussed below.
•during 2021, including the modified dutch auction tender offer discussed below, mpc repurchased approximately 76 million shares of its common stock and paid approximately $4.65 billion of cash, with an additional $85 million of cash paid in the first quarter of 2022 in connection with the settlement of certain late december repurchases.
•during the second quarter of 2021, mpc completed a modified dutch auction tender offer, purchasing 15,573,365 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $63.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $981 million, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer.
•on december 2, 2021, all of the $1.25 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.5% senior notes due may 2023 and the $850 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.75% senior notes due december 2023, including the portion of such notes for which andeavor llc was the obligor, were redeemed at a price equal to par, plus a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior notes and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. mpc funded the redemption amount with cash on hand.
•in may 2021, we repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which, along with cash, had been used to finance the fourth quarter 2020 repayments of two series of mpc's senior notes in the aggregate total principal amount of $1.13 billion.
on february 24, 2021, we announced our plan to strategically reposition the martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility. converting the martinez facility from refining petroleum to manufacturing renewable fuels signals our strong commitment to producing a substantial level of lower carbon-intensity fuels in california. as envisioned, the martinez facility would start producing approximately 260 million gallons per year of renewable diesel by the second half of 2022, with pretreatment capabilities coming online in 2023. the facility is expected to be capable of producing approximately 730 million gallons per year by the end of 2023.
the dickinson, north dakota, renewable fuels facility began operations at the end of 2020 and reached full design operating capacity in the second quarter of 2021. the facility has the capacity to produce 184 million gallons per year of renewable diesel from corn oil, soybean oil, fats, and greases. the produced renewable diesel generates federal rins and lcfs credits when sold in california or similar markets. these instruments are used to help meet our renewable fuel standard and lcfs compliance obligations as a petroleum fuel producer.
effective tax rate our effective income tax rate is affected by the weighting of income from our wholly owned operations versus net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. additionally, tax rate differences can arise from non-forecasted discrete items. during operating environments when refining margins approximate historical averages, we generally expect our effective tax rate to be between 18 percent and 21 percent, excluding discrete tax items. a reconciliation of the statutory tax rate of 21 percent to our effective tax rate of 9 percent for the period ended december 31, 2021 is included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note14.
items not allocated to segments:
litigation                                                                            -                        84
provision (benefit) for income taxes on continuing operations                       264                   (2,430)
(b)2021 includes impairment expenses related to long-lived assets and equity method investments. 2020 includes impairments of goodwill, equity method investments and long-lived assets.
(c)2020 restructuring expenses include $195 million for exit costs related to the martinez and gallup refineries and $172 million of employee separation costs.
(d)2020 includes costs incurred in connection with the midstream strategic review.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 5 for additional information on discontinued operations.
mplx we received limited partner distributions of $2.16 billion and $1.79 billion from mplx during 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in 2021 is primarily due to a special distribution amount of $0.5750 per common unit in the third quarter of 2021. we owned approximately 647 million mplx common units at december 31, 2021 with a market value of $19.16 billion based on the december 31, 2021 closing unit price of $29.59. on january 25, 2022, mplx declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.7050 per common unit, which was paid february 14, 2022. as a result, mplx made distributions totaling $715 million to its common unitholders. mpc's portion of this distribution was approximately $456 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, mplx repurchased 23 million common units at an average cost per unit of $27.52 and paid $630 million of cash. as of december 31, 2021, $337 million remained available under the authorization for future repurchases.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for additional information on mplx.
overview of segments refining & marketing refining & marketing segment income from operations depends largely on our refining & marketing margin, refining operating costs, refining planned turnarounds, distribution costs, depreciation expenses and refinery throughputs. our total refining capacity was 2,887 mbpcd, 2,874 mbpcd and 3,067 mbpcd as of december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
our refining & marketing margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. the crack spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, commonly used by the industry as a proxy for the refining margin. crack spreads can fluctuate significantly, particularly when prices of refined products do not move in the same relationship as the cost of crude oil. as a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we calculate gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast crack spreads that we believe most closely track our operations and slate of products. the following will be used for these crack-spread calculations:
•the gulf coast crack spread uses three barrels of meh crude producing two barrels of usgc cbob gasoline and one barrel of usgc ulsd. in the first quarter of 2021, we transitioned to meh crude from lls crude;
the following table provides sensitivities showing an estimated change in annual net income due to potential changes in market conditions.
blended crack spread sensitivity(a) (per $1.00/barrel change)                    $800
sour differential sensitivity(b) (per $1.00/barrel change)                        375
sweet differential sensitivity(c) (per $1.00/barrel change)                       375
natural gas price sensitivity(d) (per $1.00/mmbtu)                                250
(a)crack spread based on 40 percent meh, 40 percent wti and 20 percent ans with gulf coast, mid-continent and west coast product pricing, respectively, and assumes all other differentials and pricing relationships remain unchanged.
in addition to the market changes indicated by the crack spreads, the sour differential and the sweet differential, our refining & marketing margin is impacted by factors such as:
•the impact of commodity derivative instruments used to hedge price risk;
inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. costs of crude oil, refinery feedstocks and refined products are stated under the lifo inventory costing method and aggregated on a consolidated basis for purposes of assessing if the cost basis of these inventories may have to be written down to market values. at december 31, 2021, market values for refined products exceed their cost basis and, therefore, there is no lcm inventory valuation reserve at the end of the year. based on movements of refined product prices, future inventory valuation adjustments could have a negative effect to earnings. such losses are subject to reversal in subsequent periods if prices recover.
refining & marketing segment income from operations is also affected by changes in refining operating costs and refining planned turnaround costs in addition to committed distribution costs. changes in operating costs are primarily driven by the cost of energy used by our refineries, including purchased natural gas, and the level of maintenance costs. refining planned turnarounds, requiring temporary shutdown of certain refinery operating units, are periodically performed at each refinery. distribution costs primarily include long-term agreements with mplx, as discussed below, which are based on committed volumes and will negatively impact income from operations in periods when throughput or sales are lower or refineries are idled.
the following table lists the refineries that had significant planned turnaround and major maintenance activities for each of the last three years.
2020   canton, catlettsburg, el paso, galveston bay, garyville, kenai, los angeles and salt lake city
2019   catlettsburg, gallup, galveston bay, garyville, los angeles, martinez, robinson and st. paul park we have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with mplx. under these agreements, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, provides transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services to our refining & marketing segment. certain of these agreements include commitments for minimum quarterly throughput and distribution volumes of crude oil and refined products and minimum storage volumes of crude oil, refined products and other products. certain other agreements include commitments to pay for 100 percent of available capacity for certain marine transportation and refining logistics assets.
midstream our midstream segment transports, stores, distributes and markets crude oil and refined products, principally for our refining & marketing segment. the profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. the profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. the profitability of our light product terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at these terminals. the profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. the profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. a majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our pipelines and marine vessels and the refined product throughput at our terminals serve our refining & marketing segment. our refining logistics assets and fuels distribution services are used solely by our refining & marketing segment.
as discussed above in the refining & marketing section, mplx, which is reported in our midstream segment, has various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements related to services provided to our refining & marketing segment. under these agreements, mplx has received various commitments of minimum throughput, storage and distribution volumes as well as commitments to pay for all available capacity of certain assets. the volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines, terminals and marine operations. key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. the volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. in most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from may through september of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. as with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements.
our midstream segment also gathers and processes natural gas and ngls. ngl and natural gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in fundamental supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty, availability of ngl transportation and fractionation capacity and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. our midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third‐party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index‐related prices and the cost of third‐party transportation and fractionation services. to the extent that commodity prices influence the level of natural gas drilling by our producer customers, such prices also affect profitability.
results of operations the following discussion includes comments and analysis relating to our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. this discussion should be read in conjunction with item 8. financial statements and supplementary data and is intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance.
income (loss) from equity method investments                                          458                     (935)                           1,393                              312                         (1,247)
cost of revenues (excludes items below)                                           110,008                    65,733                          44,275                           99,228                        (33,495)
provision (benefit) for income taxes on continuing operations                         264                   (2,430)                           2,694                              784                         (3,214)
(a)in accordance with discontinued operations accounting, speedway sales to retail customers and net results are reflected in income from discontinued operations, net of tax, and refining & marketing intercompany sales to speedway are presented as third-party sales through the close of the sale on may 14, 2021.
net income attributable to mpc increased $19.56 billion in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the gain on the sale of speedway, the absence of impairment expenses and a lifo liquidation charge and increases in average refined product sales prices and volumes, partially offset by a partial period of income from discontinued operations due to the sale of the speedway business on may 14, 2021. see segment results for additional information.
•increased income from equity method investments of $1.39 billion largely due to impairments of equity method investments of $1.32 billion in 2020 primarily driven by the effects of covid-19 and the decline in commodity prices; and
•increased cost of revenues of $44.28 billion primarily due to higher refined product sales volumes in addition to higher crude oil and refined product raw material costs, partially offset by the absence of a lifo liquidation charge in 2020 of $561 million;
•decreased impairment expense of $8.43 billion due to impairments recorded for goodwill and long-lived assets in 2020 primarily driven by the effects of covid-19 and the decline in commodity prices in the prior year;
•decreased restructuring expenses of $367 million related to the idling of the martinez and gallup refineries and costs related to our announced workforce reduction in 2020. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for additional information.
net interest and other financial costs increased $118 million largely due to debt retirement expenses related to the redemption of mpc senior notes and pension settlement losses of $75 million, partially offset by decreased interest expense due to lower mplx and mpc borrowings. we capitalized interest of $73 million in 2021 and $129 million in 2020. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 13 for further details.
we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax expense of $264 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, which was lower than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to certain permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and a change in benefit related to the net operating loss ("nol") carryback provided under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"), partially offset by state taxes. we recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax benefit of $2.43 billion for the year ended december 31, 2020, which is lower than the tax computed at the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to a significant amount of our pre-tax loss consisting of non-tax deductible goodwill impairment charges, partially offset by the tax rate differential resulting from the nol carryback provided under the cares act. additionally, our effective tax rate is generally benefited by our noncontrolling interest in mplx, but this benefit was lower for the year ended december 31, 2020 due to goodwill and other impairment charges recorded by mplx. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 14 for further details.
net income attributable to mpc decreased $12.46 billion in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to impairment expenses for goodwill and long-lived assets of $8.43 billion, impairments of equity method investments of $1.32 billion, decreased refined product sales volumes, prices and margin, a charge of $561 million to reflect a lifo liquidation in our crude oil and refined product inventories and restructuring expenses of $367 million. these changes were partially offset by reduced operating costs and increased income from discontinued operations, which represents the speedway business. see segment results for additional information.
•decreased sales and other operating revenues of $41.37 billion primarily due to decreased refining & marketing segment refined product sales volumes, which decreased 513 mbpd, or 14 percent, and lower average refined product sales prices, which decreased $0.55 per gallon, or 31 percent, largely due to reduced travel and business operations associated with the covid-19 pandemic;
•decreased income from equity method investments of $1.25 billion largely due to impairments of equity method investments of $1.32 billion primarily driven by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the decline in commodity prices; and
•decreased net gain on disposal of assets of $208 million mainly due to the absence of $259 million of non-cash gains related to obtaining equity investments in capline pipeline company llc and the andersons in exchange for contributing assets in 2019. this decrease was offset by net gains on disposal of assets in 2020 largely due to the sale of three asphalt terminals and other refining & marketing assets.
•decreased cost of revenues of $33.50 billion primarily due to reduced business operations and travel associated with the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by increased cost of revenues of $561 million to reflect lifo liquidations for our crude oil and refined product inventories. the costs of inventories in the historical lifo layers liquidated were higher than current costs, which resulted in the lifo liquidation charge;
•impairment expense of $8.43 billion recorded in 2020 for goodwill and long-lived assets of $7.39 billion and $1.03 billion, respectively, primarily driven by the effects of covid-19 and the decline in commodity prices. it also includes impairment of long-lived assets primarily related to the repositioning of the martinez refinery compared to impairment expense of $1.20 billion recorded in 2019 primarily related to mplx goodwill associated with the andx gathering and processing businesses acquired as part of the andeavor acquisition;
•decreased selling, general and administrative expenses of $482 million mainly due to decreases in salaries and employee-related expenses, transaction-related expenses, credit card processing fees for brand customers and contract services expenses;
•restructuring expense of $367 million related to the idling of the martinez and gallup refineries and costs related to our announced workforce reduction. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for additional information; and
net interest and other financial costs increased $136 million largely due to increased mpc borrowings and foreign currency exchange losses and decreased interest income. we capitalized interest of $129 million in 2020 and $158 million in 2019. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 13 for further details.
provision for income taxes on continuing operations decreased $3.21 billion primarily due to decreased income before taxes of $16.85 billion. the effective tax rate of 18 percent in 2020 is lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 21 percent, primarily due to a significant amount of our pre-tax loss consisting of non-tax deductible goodwill impairment charges, partially offset by the tax rate differential resulting from the expected nol carryback provided under the cares act. additionally, our effective tax rate is generally benefited by our noncontrolling interest in mplx, but this benefit was lower for the year ended december 31, 2020 due to goodwill and other impairment charges recorded by mplx. the effective tax rate of 24 percent in 2019 is higher than the u.s. statutory rate of 21 percent, primarily due to permanent tax differences related to goodwill impairment and state and local tax expense, partially offset by permanent tax differences related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 14 for further details.
biodiesel tax credit(e)                                                                              -                       -                       0.08
(e)reflects a benefit of $93 million in 2019 for the biodiesel tax credit attributable to volumes blended in 2018.
(f)includes income from equity method investments, net gain on disposal of assets and other income.
(a)the blended crack spreads for 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2020 are weighted 40 percent of the usgc crack spread, 40 percent of the mid-continent crack spread and 20 percent of the west coast crack spread. the blended crack spreads for the first three quarters of 2020 and all of 2019 are weighted 38 percent of the usgc crack spread, 38 percent of the mid-continent crack spread and 24 percent of the west coast crack spread. these blends are based on mpc's refining capacity by region in each period. beginning in the first quarter of 2021, the prompt price for usgc was transitioned from lls to meh.
refinery crude oil capacity utilization was 91 percent during 2021 and net refinery throughputs increased 216 mbpd primarily due to continuing economic recovery from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020.
refining & marketing margin, excluding lifo liquidation charge, was $13.36 per barrel for 2021 compared to $8.96 per barrel for 2020. refining & marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net positive impact of $5.0 billion on refining & marketing margin, primarily due to higher crack spreads. our reported refining & marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, rin prices on the crack spread and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, direct dealer fuel margin, and for 2020, a lifo liquidation charge of $561 million. these factors had an estimated net positive impact on refining & marketing segment income from operations of approximately $700 million, including the lifo liquidation charge, in 2021 compared to 2020.
for the year ended december 31, 2021, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization and storm impacts, were $5.13 billion. this was a decrease of $241 million, or $0.66 per barrel, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 as we took actions to reduce costs in response to the economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including idling portions of our refining capacity, partially offset by an increase in energy costs largely as a result of higher natural gas prices.
refining planned turnaround costs decreased $250 million, or $0.31 per barrel, due to the timing of turnaround activity and an increase in throughput.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $1.49 billion in 2021 and $606 million in 2020 and are included in refining & marketing margin. the increase in 2021 was primarily due to higher weighted average rin costs.
refinery crude oil capacity utilization was 82 percent during 2020 and net refinery throughputs decreased 529 mbpd primarily due to reducing throughputs during the covid-19 pandemic.
refining & marketing margin, excluding lifo liquidation charge, was $8.96 per barrel for 2020 compared to $14.77 per barrel for 2019. refining & marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net negative impact of $9.75 billion on refining & marketing margin, primarily due to lower crack spreads. our reported refining & marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effects of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, rin prices on the crack spread and other items like refinery yields and other feedstock variances, direct dealer fuel margin, and for 2020, a lifo liquidation charge of $561 million. for 2019, the refining & marketing segment income from operations also reflects a benefit of $93 million for the biodiesel tax credit attributable to volumes blended in 2018. these factors had an estimated net positive impact on refining & marketing segment income from operations of approximately $800 million, including the lifo liquidation charge, in 2020 compared to 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, were $5.37 billion. this was a decrease of $1.06 billion, and a per barrel increase of $0.02 due to lower refinery throughput, compared to the year ended december 31, 2019 as we took actions to reduce costs in response to the economic effects of covid-19, including operating at lower throughput at our refineries and idling portions of our refining capacity. net refinery throughput was 529 mbpd lower in 2020.
refining planned turnaround costs increased $92 million, or $0.23 per barrel, due to the timing of turnaround activity and a decrease in throughput.
we purchase rins to satisfy a portion of our rfs2 compliance. our expenses associated with purchased rins were $606 million in 2020 and $356 million in 2019 and are included in refining & marketing margin. the increase in 2020 was primarily due to higher weighted average rin costs, partially offset by a decrease in our rin obligations.
refining &amp; marketing operating statistics crude oil capacity utilization percent(a)                           91                    82                    96
(a)based on calendar-day capacity, which is an annual average that includes down time for planned maintenance and other normal operating activities.
(a)on owned common-carrier pipelines, excluding equity method investments.
(b)includes amounts related to mplx operated unconsolidated equity method investments on a 100 percent basis.
midstream segment revenue and segment income from operations increased $1.18 billion and $353 million, respectively. results benefited from higher revenue, primarily due to higher natural gas prices, higher pipeline and terminal throughputs and lower operating expenses, partially offset by a decrease in marine transportation fees.
midstream segment revenue decreased $322 million primarily due to decreased demand for the products that we produce and transport due to macro-economic conditions in 2020 in addition to lower natural gas prices.
items not allocated to segments our chief operating decision maker evaluates the performance of our segments using segment income from operations. items identified in the table below are either believed to be non-recurring in nature or not believed to be allocable, controlled by the segment or are not tied to the operational performance of the segment.
items not allocated to segments:
litigation                                                                    -                              84                      (22)
equity method investment restructuring gains                                  -                               -                       259
(a)2020 and 2019 include costs incurred in connection with the midstream strategic review and other related efforts. 2019 includes employee severance, retention and other costs related to the acquisition of andeavor. costs incurred in connection with the speedway separation are included in discontinued operations.
total items not allocated to segments included impairment expense of $81 million related to the divestiture, abandonment or closure of certain assets within our midstream segment.
unallocated items in 2020 include impairment charges of $9.74 billion which includes $8.43 billion related to goodwill and long-lived assets and $1.32 billion related to equity method investments. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 7 for additional information.
during 2020, we indefinitely idled our gallup refinery, initiated actions to strategically reposition our martinez refinery to a renewable diesel facility and approved an involuntary workforce reduction plan. in connection with these strategic actions, we recorded restructuring expenses of $367 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 19 for additional information.
other unallocated items in 2020 include a favorable litigation settlement of $84 million and gain on sale of assets of $66 million related to the sale of three asphalt terminals and certain other refining & marketing assets.
unallocated items in 2019 include $259 million of non-cash gains related to obtaining equity investments in capline llc and the andersons in exchange for contributing assets.
in 2019, other unallocated items also include transaction-related costs of $153 million and a litigation reserve adjustment of $22 million. the transaction-related costs recognized during the year include the recognition of an obligation for vacation benefits provided to former andeavor employees in the first quarter as well as employee retention, severance and other costs and the midstream strategic review and other related efforts.
impairment charges of $1.24 billion in 2019 primarily relate to mplx goodwill associated with the andx gathering and processing businesses acquired as part of the andeavor acquisition.
non-gaap financial measure management uses a financial measure to evaluate our operating performance that is calculated and presented on the basis of methodologies other than in accordance with gaap. we believe this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors and analysts to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to its most comparable gaap financial measure, it provides improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. this measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap, and our calculation thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the non-gaap financial measure we use is as follows:
refining & marketing margin refining margin is defined as sales revenue less the cost of refinery inputs and purchased products and excludes other items reflected in the table below.
income from equity method investments                                                                         (59)                       (2)                    (11)
biodiesel tax credit                                                                                             -                         -                    (93)
(a)reflects the gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, of other related operations included in the refining & marketing segment and processing of credit card transactions on behalf of certain of our marketing customers, net of other income.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows our cash and cash equivalents balance for continuing operations was $5.29 billion at december 31, 2021 compared to $415 million at december 31, 2020. cash and cash equivalents for discontinued operations was $140 million at december 31, 2020. net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the past three years is presented in the following table.
operating activities - continuing operations                     $8,384                    $807                  $7,976
operating activities - discontinued operations                  (4,024)                   1,612                   1,465
total operating activities                                        4,360                   2,419                   9,441
investing activities - continuing operations                    (6,517)                 (2,922)                 (5,777)
investing activities - discontinued operations                   21,314                   (335)                   (484)
total investing activities                                       14,797                 (3,257)                 (6,261)
financing activities                                           (14,419)                   (135)                 (3,376)
operating activities continuing operations net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased $7.58 billion in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in operating results and a favorable change in working capital of $633 million. net cash provided by operating activities decreased $7.17 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to a decrease in operating results and an unfavorable change in working capital of $43 million. the above changes in working capital exclude changes in short-term debt.
for 2021, changes in working capital were a net $947 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices and volumes at the end of the year on working capital. accounts payable increased primarily due to increases in crude prices and volumes. current receivables increased primarily due to higher crude and refined product prices and volumes.
for 2020, changes in working capital were a net $314 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of decreases in energy commodity prices, inventory and refined product volumes on working capital. accounts payable decreased primarily due to lower crude payable prices. current receivables decreased primarily due to lower crude and refined product receivable prices and refined product volumes. inventories decreased mainly due to decreases in refined product, crude and materials and supplies inventories.
for 2019, changes in working capital were a net $357 million source of cash, primarily due to the effect of increases in energy commodity prices and volumes on working capital. accounts payable increased primarily due to higher crude oil payable prices and volumes. current receivables increased primarily due to increases in crude and refined product receivable volumes and prices. inventories increased primarily due to increases in refined product and materials and supplies inventories partially offset by a decrease in crude inventory.
discontinued operations net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations was $4.02 billion in 2021 primarily due to tax payments related to the sale of speedway, partially offset by a partial year of business income due to the sale of speedway on may 14, 2021. net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations in 2020 and 2019 include speedway business income.
investing activities continuing operations net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations were $6.52 billion, $2.92 billion and $5.78 billion in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•in 2021, proceeds from the sale of speedway were used to purchase $12.50 billion of short-term investments and cash of $5.41 billion and $1.54 billion was provided by the maturities and sales, respectively, of short-term investments. the cash provided by maturities and sales of short-term investments was primarily used to fund our return of capital initiatives announced as part of the speedway sale.
•cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment was $1.46 billion in 2021, compared to $2.79 billion in 2020 and $4.81 billion in 2019, primarily due to spending in our refining & marketing and midstream segments in 2021. see discussion of capital expenditures and investments under the "capital spending" section.
•net investments were a use of cash of $171 million in 2021 compared to $348 million in 2020 and $966 million in 2019. investments in 2021 primarily include midstream projects and our joint venture with adm. the decrease from 2020 is due to the completion of the south texas gateway terminal, the gray oak pipeline and the whistler pipeline projects which were included in 2020 net investments. investments in 2019 are largely due to investments in connection with the gray oak pipeline, which began initial start-up in the fourth quarter of 2019, the wink to webster pipeline, the whistler pipeline and other midstream projects.
the consolidated statements of cash flows exclude changes to the consolidated balance sheets that did not affect cash. a reconciliation of additions to property, plant and equipment to total capital expenditures and investments follows for each of the last three years.
additions to property, plant and equipment per consolidated statements of cash flows                     $1,464                  $2,787                  $4,810
asset retirement expenditures                                                                                 -                       -                       1
increase (decrease) in capital accruals                                                                     141                   (518)                   (303)
total capital expenditures                                                                                1,605                   2,269                   4,508
investments in equity method investees                                                                      210                     485                   1,064
total capital expenditures and investments                                                               $1,815                  $2,754                  $5,572
discontinued operations net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations in 2021 primarily includes the $21.38 billion proceeds from the sale of speedway, partially offset primarily by cash used for speedway capital expenditures of $177 million. net cash used in investing activities for discontinued operations for 2020 and 2019 primarily includes speedway capital expenditures.
financing activities financing activities were a use of cash of $14.42 billion in 2021, $135 million in 2020 and $3.38 billion in 2019.
•on december 2, 2021, all of the $1.25 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.5% senior notes due may 2023 and the $850 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of mpc's 4.75% senior notes due december 2023, including the portion of such notes for which andeavor llc was the obligor, were redeemed at a price equal to par, plus a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior notes and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. mpc funded the redemption amount with cash on hand.
•in may 2021, we repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which, along with cash had been used to finance the fourth quarter 2020 repayments of two series of mpc's senior notes in the aggregate total principal amount of $1.13 billion.
•in 2021, mplx redeemed $1.75 billion of senior notes and had net borrowings of $300 million under its revolving credit facility.
•during 2020, mpc issued $2.5 billion of senior notes, redeemed $1.13 billion of senior notes, borrowed and repaid $4.23 billion under its revolving credit facility and borrowed and repaid $3.55 billion under its trade receivables facility. mplx issued $3.0 billion of senior notes, which were used to repay $1.0 billion of outstanding borrowings under its term loan, $1.0 billion of floating rate senior notes and to redeem $750 million of fixed rate senior notes, and had net borrowings of $175 million under its revolving credit facility.
•during 2019, mplx issued $2.0 billion of floating rate notes, the proceeds of which were used to repay various outstanding mplx borrowings and for general business purposes, and had net borrowings of $1.0 billion under its term loan agreement. in addition, mplx repaid $500 million of senior notes. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 22 for additional information on our long-term debt.
•cash used in common stock repurchases totaled $4.65 billion in 2021 and $1.95 billion in 2019. see the "capital requirements" section for further discussion of our stock repurchases.
•cash used in distributions to noncontrolling interests totaled $1.45 billion in 2021, $1.24 billion in 2020 and $1.25 billion in 2019. the increase in 2021 is primarily due to an increase in mplx's distribution per common unit, mainly due to a special distribution amount of $0.5750 per common unit in the third quarter of 2021, partially offset by a reduction of mplx common units resulting from common unit repurchases in 2021 and 2020.
•cash used in repurchases of noncontrolling interests increased $597 million in 2021 compared to 2020 due to mplx's repurchases of its common units. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for additional information on mplx.
derivative instruments see item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for a discussion of derivative instruments and associated market risk.
capital resources mpc, excluding mplx we control mplx through our ownership of the general partner, however, the creditors of mplx do not have recourse to mpc's general credit through guarantees or other financial arrangements. the assets of mplx can only be used to settle its own obligations and its creditors have no recourse to our assets. therefore, in the following table, we present the liquidity of mpc, excluding mplx. mplx liquidity is discussed in the following section.
our liquidity, excluding mplx, totaled $15.83 billion at december 31, 2021 consisting of:
(in millions)                                                               total capacity                    outstanding borrowings                     available capacity bank revolving credit facility(a)                                            $5,000                                     $1                            $4,999
trade receivables facility(b)                                                   250                                    250                                 -
total liquidity                                                                                                                                       15,825
(a)outstanding borrowings include $1 million in letters of credit outstanding under this facility.
(b)the committed capacity of the trade receivables securitization facility is $100 million. the facility allows the banks to make loans and issue letters of credit of up to $400 million in excess of the committed capacity at their discretion if there is available borrowing capacity. outstanding borrowings include $250 million in letters of credit outstanding under this facility.
because of the alternatives available to us, including internally generated cash flow and access to capital markets and a commercial paper program, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term (less than twelve months) and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies.
on may 14, 2021, we completed the sale of speedway, our company-owned and operated retail transportation fuel and convenience store business, to 7-eleven for cash proceeds of $21.38 billion. this transaction resulted in a pretax gain of $11.68 billion ($8.02 billion after income taxes) after deducting the book value of the net assets and certain other adjustments. we utilized a portion of the speedway sale net proceeds to structurally reduce debt and return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. the remaining proceeds are included in our liquidity as cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
2023, including the portion of such notes for which andeavor llc was the obligor, were redeemed at a price equal to par, plus a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior notes and accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. mpc funded the redemption amount with cash on hand.
•in may 2021, we repaid all outstanding commercial paper borrowings, which, along with cash had been, used to finance the fourth quarter 2020 repayments of two series of mpc's senior notes in the aggregate total principal amount of $1.13 billion.
effective june 18, 2021, we terminated our $1.0 billion unsecured 364-day revolving credit facility due in september 2021 and on june 23, 2021, we reduced the capacity under our trade receivables securitization facility from $750 million to $100 million. on september 30, 2021, we entered into a new trade receivables securitization facility, which provides for committed borrowing and letter of credit issuing capacity of up to $100 million and uncommitted capacity up to $400 million. this facility replaces our previous trade receivables securitization facility that expired on july 16, 2021.
we have a commercial paper program that allows us to have a maximum of $2.0 billion in commercial paper outstanding, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance. we do not intend to have outstanding commercial paper borrowings in excess of available capacity under our bank revolving credit facilities. at december 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program.
the mpc credit agreement and trade receivables facility contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of these types. the financial covenant included in the mpc credit agreement requires us to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization (as defined in the mpc credit agreement) of no greater than 0.65 to 1.00. other covenants restrict us and/or certain of our subsidiaries from incurring debt, creating liens on assets and entering into transactions with affiliates. as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants contained in the mpc credit agreement and our trade receivables facility, including the financial covenant with a ratio of consolidated net debt to total capitalization of 0.08 to 1.00.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. as of february 1, 2022, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt are as follows.
fitch                         bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.
the mpc credit agreement does not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of our senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing in the future, including to refinance existing indebtedness. in addition, a downgrade of our senior unsecured debt rating to below investment-grade levels could, under certain circumstances, impact our ability to purchase crude oil on an unsecured basis and could result in us having to post letters of credit under existing transportation services or other agreements.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 22 for further discussion of our debt.
mplx mplx's liquidity totaled $3.26 billion at december 31, 2021 consisting of:
(in millions)                                       total capacity                    outstanding borrowings                     available capacity mplx bank revolving credit facility                  $3,500                                   $300                            $3,200
total liquidity                                                                                                               $3,263
on september 3, 2021 mplx redeemed, at par value, all of the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior notes due september 2022. mplx primarily funded the redemption with borrowings under the mpc intercompany loan agreement.
the mplx credit agreement contains certain representations and warranties, affirmative and restrictive covenants and events of default that we consider to be usual and customary for an agreement of this type. the financial covenant requires mplx to maintain a ratio of consolidated total debt as of the end of each fiscal quarter to consolidated ebitda (both as defined in the mplx credit agreement) for the prior four fiscal quarters of no greater than 5.0 to 1.0 (or 5.5 to 1.0 for up to two fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions). consolidated ebitda is subject to adjustments for certain acquisitions completed and capital projects undertaken during the relevant period. other covenants restrict mplx and/or certain of its subsidiaries from incurring debt, creating liens on assets and entering into transactions with affiliates. as of december 31, 2021, mplx was in compliance with the covenants, including the financial covenant with a ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ebitda of 3.7 to 1.0.
our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile for mplx. as of february 1, 2022, the credit ratings on mplx's senior unsecured debt are as follows.
fitch                         bbb (stable outlook)
the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies. although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment-grade rating for mplx, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.
the agreements governing mplx's debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that mplx credit ratings are downgraded. however, any downgrades of mplx senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements. in addition, a downgrade of mplx senior unsecured debt ratings to below investment-grade levels may limit mplx's ability to obtain future financing, including to refinance existing indebtedness.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 22 for further discussion of mplx's debt.
capital requirements capital spending mpc's capital investment plan for 2022 totals approximately $1.7 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding capitalized interest, potential acquisitions and mplx's capital investment plan. mpc's 2022 capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing, and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. the remainder of the planned capital spending for midstream reflects the capital investment plan for mplx. we continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. the 2022 capital investment plan for mpc and mplx and capital expenditures and investments for each of the last three years are summarized by segment below.
capital expenditures and investments:(a)
(a)capital expenditures include changes in capital accruals.
(b)excludes capitalized interest of $68 million, $106 million and $137 million for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the 2022 capital investment plan excludes capitalized interest.
refining & marketing the refining & marketing segment's forecasted 2022 capital spending and investments is approximately $1.63 billion. this amount includes approximately $800 million of growth capital for renewables projects, primarily the martinez facility conversion, and $525 million of growth capital focused on on-going projects such as the star project and projects that we expect will help us reduce future operating costs. maintenance capital is expected to be approximately $300 million which is essential to maintain the safety, integrity and reliability of our assets.
major capital projects completed over the last three years have focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil and expanded export capacity. we also focused on projects such as the martinez facility conversion, the star project at our galveston bay refinery, which is scheduled to complete in 2022, and projects expected to reduce future operating costs.
midstream mplx's capital investment plan includes approximately $700 million of organic growth capital, $140 million of maintenance capital and a $60 million investment in unconsolidated affiliates for the repayment of mplx's 9.19 percent indirect share of the bakken pipeline joint venture's debt due in 2022. the growth capital plan is directed towards logistics projects in support of mpc's martinez renewable fuels project, projects in the permian and bakken basins and investments in the permian basin supporting the bangl and whistler pipelines. these long-haul ngl and natural gas logistics systems transport product to the u.s. gulf coast. other growth projects include the addition of approximately 200 mmcf/d of processing capacity in the delaware basin in the permian to meet increasing producer customer demand and 68 mbpd of de-ethanization capacity in the marcellus, both of which are expected to be completed in 2022.
major capital projects over the last three years included investments for the development of natural gas and natural gas liquids infrastructure to support mplx's producer customers, primarily in the marcellus, utica and permian regions and development of various crude oil and refined petroleum products infrastructure projects.
the remaining midstream segment's forecasted 2022 capital spend, excluding mplx, is approximately $10 million which primarily relates to investments in equity affiliates.
corporate and other the 2022 capital forecast includes approximately $100 million to support corporate activities. major projects over the last three years included upgrades to information technology systems.
share repurchases since january 1, 2012, our board of directors has approved $25.05 billion in total share repurchase authorizations and we have repurchased a total of $19.78 billion of our common stock, leaving approximately $5.27 billion available for repurchases as of december 31, 2021. on february 2, 2022, we announced our board of directors approved an incremental $5.0 billion share repurchase authorization. the authorization has no expiration date. the table below summarizes our total share repurchases. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 11 for further discussion of the share repurchase plans.
we may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, tender offers, accelerated share repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
mplx unit repurchases during the year ended december 31, 2021, mplx repurchased 23 million common units at an average cost per unit of $27.52 and paid $630 million of cash. as of december 31, 2021, $337 million remained under the authorization for future repurchases.
mplx may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, tender offers, accelerated unit repurchases or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through rule 10b5-1 plans. the timing and amount of repurchases will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and repurchases may be initiated, suspended or discontinued at any time. the repurchase authorization has no expiration date.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6 for further discussion of the mplx unit repurchase program.
cash commitments contractual obligations we have purchase commitments primarily consisting of obligations to purchase and transport crude oil used in our refining operations. as of december 31, 2021, we had purchase obligations for crude oil of $15.13 billion, with $14.66 billion payable within 12 months, and crude oil transportation obligations of $7.28 billion, with $451 million payable within 12 months. these contracts include variable price arrangements. for purposes of this disclosure we have estimated prices to be paid primarily based on futures curves for the commodities to the extent available. our contractual obligations do not include our contractual obligations to mplx under various fee-based commercial agreements as these transactions are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
at december 31, 2021, we have non-cancelable obligations to acquire property, plant and equipment of $565 million, with $543 million payable within 12 months.
at december 31, 2021, we have aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt of $25.35 billion, with $500 million payable within 12 months. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 22 for additional information on our debt.
our other contractual obligations primarily consist of finance and operating leases and pension and post-retirement obligations, for which additional information is included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - notes 28 and 26, respectively.
other cash commitments on january 27, 2022, we announced our board of directors approved a $0.58 per share dividend, payable march 10, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2022.
we may, from time to time, repurchase our senior notes and preferred units in the open market, in tender offers, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in such volumes, at such prices and upon such other terms as we deem appropriate.
transactions with related parties see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 9 for discussion of activity with related parties.
environmental matters and compliance costs we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. if these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. we believe that substantially all of our competitors must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. however, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, marketing areas, production processes and whether it is also engaged in the petrochemical business or the marine transportation of crude oil and refined products.
legislation and regulations pertaining to fuel specifications, climate change and greenhouse gas emissions have the potential to materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including costs of compliance and permitting delays. the extent and magnitude of these adverse impacts cannot be reliably or accurately estimated at this time because specific regulatory and legislative requirements have not been finalized and uncertainty exists with respect to the measures being considered, the costs and the time frames for compliance, and our ability to pass compliance costs on to our customers.
our environmental expenditures, including non-regulatory expenditures, for each of the last three years were:
capital                                      $118                  $121                    $528
(a)based on the american petroleum institute's definition of environmental expenditures.
we accrue for environmental remediation activities when the responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs can be reasonably estimated. as environmental remediation matters proceed toward ultimate resolution or as additional remediation obligations arise, charges in excess of those previously accrued may be required.
new or expanded environmental requirements, which could increase our environmental costs, may arise in the future. it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed.
our environmental capital expenditures accounted for 8 percent, 6 percent and 12 percent of capital expenditures, for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, excluding acquisitions. our environmental capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $32 million, or 1 percent, of total planned capital expenditures in 2022. actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements and could increase if additional projects are identified or additional requirements are imposed.
for more information on environmental regulations that impact us, or could impact us, see item 1. business - regulatory matters and item 1a. risk factors.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. accounting estimates are considered to be critical if (1) the nature of the estimates and assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and (2) the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material. actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used.
fair value estimates fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. there are three approaches for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities: the market approach, the income approach and the cost approach, each of which includes multiple valuation techniques. the market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. the income approach uses valuation techniques to measure fair value by converting future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, into a single present value amount using current market expectations about those future amounts. the cost approach is based on the amount that would currently be required to replace the service capacity of an asset. this is often referred to as current replacement cost. the cost approach assumes that the fair value would not exceed what it would cost a market participant to acquire or construct a substitute asset of comparable utility, adjusted for obsolescence.
the fair value accounting standards do not prescribe which valuation technique should be used when measuring fair value and does not prioritize among the techniques. these standards establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in applying the various valuation techniques. inputs broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make pricing decisions, including assumptions about risk. level 1 inputs are given the highest priority in the fair value hierarchy while level 3 inputs are given the lowest priority. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•level 1 - observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets as of the measurement date. active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
•level 2 - observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. these are inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date.
•level 3 - unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data and may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management's best estimate of fair value.
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs are favored. assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest priority level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the placement of assets and liabilities within the levels of the fair value hierarchy. we use an income or market approach for recurring fair value measurements and endeavor to use the best information available. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20 for disclosures regarding our fair value measurements.
•assessment of impairment of equity method investments;
•recorded values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions; and
impairment assessments of long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments fair value calculated for the purpose of testing our long-lived assets, intangible assets, goodwill and equity method investments for impairment is estimated using the expected present value of future cash flows method and comparative market prices when appropriate. significant judgment is involved in performing these fair value estimates since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions including:
•future operating performance. our estimates of future operating performance are based on our analysis of various supply and demand factors, which include, among other things, industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate, end-user demand, capital expenditures and economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our planning and capital investment reviews.
•discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. we apply a discount rate to our cash flows based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible. a higher discount rate decreases the net present value of cash flows.
•future capital requirements. these are based on authorized spending and internal forecasts.
assumptions about the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the macroeconomic environment are inherently subjective and contingent upon the duration of the pandemic and its impact on the macroeconomic environment, which is difficult to forecast. we base our fair value estimates on projected financial information which we believe to be reasonable. however, actual results may differ from these projections.
the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in pipeline throughput volumes, a significant reduction in natural gas or natural gas liquids processed, a significant reduction in refining margins, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. the following sections detail our critical accounting estimates related to impairment assessments for long-lived assets, goodwill and equity method investments.
long-lived asset impairment assessments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable based on the expected undiscounted future cash flow of an asset group. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified, which generally is the refinery and associated distribution system level for refining & marketing segment assets, and the plant level or pipeline system level for midstream segment assets. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pretax cash flows is less than the carrying value of an asset group, fair value is calculated, and the carrying value is written down to the calculated fair value.
goodwill impairment assessments unlike long-lived assets, goodwill is subject to annual, or more frequent if necessary, impairment testing at the reporting unit level. a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the recorded amount of goodwill.
at december 31, 2021, mpc had four reporting units with goodwill totaling approximately $8.26 billion. the majority of this balance is comprised of the midstream reporting units, including $1.1 billion for the mplx crude gathering reporting unit and $6.6 billion for the mplx transportation & storage reporting unit. for the annual impairment assessment as of november 30, 2021, management performed only a qualitative assessment for two reporting units as we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units exceeded the carrying value. a quantitative assessment was last performed on these reporting units at march 31, 2020, which indicated fair value exceeded carrying value by approximately 52 and 270 percent. a quantitative assessment was performed for the remaining two reporting units, which resulted in the fair value of the reporting units exceeding their carrying value by 23 percent and 51 percent. the fair values of the reporting units were determined based on applying both a discounted cash flow method, or income approach, as well as a market approach. an increase of one percentage point to the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the reporting units would not have resulted in a goodwill impairment charge as of november 30, 2021. for refining & marketing reporting units, significant assumptions used to estimate the reporting units' fair value included estimates of future cash flows and market information for comparable assets. for midstream reporting units, which comprise the majority of the goodwill balance, significant assumptions that were used to estimate the reporting units' fair values under the discounted cash flow method included management's best estimates of the discount rate, as well as estimates of future cash flows, which are impacted primarily by producer customers' development plans, which impact future volumes and capital requirements. if estimates for future cash flows, which are impacted by future margins on products produced or sold, future volumes, and capital requirements, were to decline, the overall reporting units' fair values would decrease, resulting in potential goodwill impairment charges. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future.
equity method investment impairment assessment equity method investments are assessed for impairment whenever factors indicate an other than temporary loss in value. factors providing evidence of such a loss include the fair value of an investment that is less than its carrying value, absence of an ability to recover the carrying value or the investee's inability to generate income sufficient to justify our carrying value. at december 31, 2021, we had $5.41 billion of investments in equity method investments recorded on our consolidated balance sheet.
an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions (e.g., pricing, volumes and discount rates) that can materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16 for additional information on our equity method investments. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 18 for additional information on our goodwill and intangibles, including a table summarizing our recorded goodwill by segment.
derivatives we record all derivative instruments at fair value. substantially all of our commodity derivatives are cleared through exchanges which provide active trading information for identical derivatives and do not require any assumptions in arriving at fair value. fair value estimation for all our derivative instruments is discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 20. additional information about derivatives and their valuation may be found in item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
variable interest entities we evaluate all legal entities in which we hold an ownership or other pecuniary interest to determine if the entity is a vie. our interests in a vie are referred to as variable interests. variable interests can be contractual, ownership or other pecuniary interests in an entity that change with changes in the fair value of the vie's assets. when we conclude that we hold an interest in a vie we must determine if we are the entity's primary beneficiary. a primary beneficiary is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in a vie. this controlling financial interest is evidenced by both (a) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the vie. we consolidate any vie when we determine that we are the primary beneficiary. we must disclose the nature of any interests in a vie that is not consolidated.
significant judgment is exercised in determining that a legal entity is a vie and in evaluating our interest in a vie. we use primarily a qualitative analysis to determine if an entity is a vie. we evaluate the entity's need for continuing financial support; the equity holder's lack of a controlling financial interest; and/or if an equity holder's voting interests are disproportionate to its obligation to absorb expected losses or receive residual returns. we evaluate our interests in a vie to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary. we use a primarily qualitative analysis to determine if we are deemed to have a controlling financial interest in the vie, either on a standalone basis or as part of a related party group. we continually monitor our interests in legal entities for changes in the design or activities of an entity and changes in our interests, including our status as the primary beneficiary to determine if the changes require us to revise our previous conclusions.
changes in the design or nature of the activities of a vie, or our involvement with a vie, may require us to reconsider our conclusions on the entity's status as a vie and/or our status as the primary beneficiary. such reconsideration requires significant judgment and understanding of the organization. this could result in the deconsolidation or consolidation of the affected subsidiary, which would have a significant impact on our financial statements.
variable interest entities are discussed in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 8.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations involves numerous assumptions, the most significant of which relate to the following:
•the mortality table used in determining future plan obligations.
we utilize the work of third-party actuaries to assist in the measurement of these obligations. we have selected different discount rates for each of our pension plans and retiree health and welfare based on the projected benefit payment patterns of each individual plan. the selected rates are compared to various similar bond indexes for reasonableness. in determining the assumed discount rates, we use our third-party actuaries' discount rate models. these models calculate an equivalent single discount rate for the projected benefit plan cash flows using yield curves derived from aa or higher corporate bond yields. the yield curves represent a series of annualized individual spot discount rates from 0.5 to 99 years. the bonds used have an average rating of aa or higher from a recognized rating agency and generally only non-callable bonds are included. outlier bonds that have a yield to maturity that deviate significantly from the average yield within each maturity grouping are not included. each issue is required to have at least $300 million par value outstanding.
of the assumptions used to measure the year-end obligations and estimated annual net periodic benefit cost, the discount rate has the most significant effect on the periodic benefit cost reported for the plans. decreasing the discount rates of 2.90 percent for our pension plans and 2.75 percent for our other postretirement benefit plans by 0.25 percent would increase pension obligations and other postretirement benefit plan obligations by $104 million and $23 million, respectively, and would increase defined benefit pension expense and other postretirement benefit plan expense by $13 million and $1 million, respectively.
the long-term asset rate of return assumption considers the asset mix of the plans (currently targeted at approximately 50 percent equity securities and 50 percent fixed income securities for the primary funded pension plan), past performance and other factors. certain components of the asset mix are modeled with various assumptions regarding inflation and returns. in addition, our long-term asset rate of return assumption is compared to those of other companies and to historical returns for reasonableness. we used the 5.75 percent long-term rate of return to determine our 2021 defined benefit pension expense. after evaluating activity in the capital markets, along with the current and projected plan investments, we increased the asset rate of return for our primary plan to 6.00 percent effective for 2022. decreasing the 6.00 percent asset rate of return assumption by 0.25 percentage points would increase our defined benefit pension expense by $7 million.
compensation change assumptions are based on historical experience, anticipated future management actions and demographics of the benefit plans.
we utilized the 2021 mortality tables from the u.s. society of actuaries.