item 1a. risk factors our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. we encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪we depend heavily on a single customer, the u.s. government, for a substantial portion of our business. changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our primary customer is the u.s. government, from which we derived 85 percent of our sales in 2021; we have a number of large programs with the u.s. department of the air force, in particular. the u.s. government has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, as well as to change its future acquisition strategy. we cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in the threat environment, defense spending levels, government priorities, political leadership, procurement practices and strategy, military strategy and planning; or broader changes in social, economic or political demands and priorities.
the u.s. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for its convenience or for default based on performance. in the event of termination for convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned. in the event of termination due to default, contractors may be required to pay for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract, as well as other damages. termination due to our default could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the u.s. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. the u.s. government has invoked and could invoke this ability across a limited or broad number of contracts. in the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred to date and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work plus a reasonable fee. however, such temporary stoppages often introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which contractors may not be able to negotiate full recovery. in some cases, they have also ultimately resulted and could result in termination of a contract for convenience or reduced future orders.
a significant shift in government priorities, programs or acquisition strategies could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and u.s. government funding more broadly can negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
u.s. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. for many programs, congress appropriates funds on an annual fiscal year basis even though the program performance period may extend over several years. programs are often partially funded initially and additional funds are committed only as congress makes further appropriations. when we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we are generally at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract. we cannot predict the extent to which funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations ultimately approved or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions. laws and plans adopted by the u.s. government relating to, along with pressures on the federal budget, potential changes in priorities and defense spending levels, the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (with restrictions, e.g., on new starts) and the federal debt limit, have adversely affected and could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. in the event government funding for our significant programs becomes unavailable, or is reduced or delayed, or planned orders are reduced, our contract or subcontract for such programs has at times been, and in the future may be, terminated or adjusted by the government or prime contractor.
the u.s. continues to face an uncertain and changing political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding. the budget environment and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes
northrop grumman corporation and the debt ceiling, remain significant short and long-term risks. see "overview - u.s. political and economic environment" in md&a. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities. if annual appropriations bills are not timely enacted, the u.s. government may continue to operate under a continuing resolution, restricting new contract or program starts, presenting resource allocation challenges and placing limitations on some planned program budgets, and we may face a government shutdown of unknown duration. if a prolonged government shutdown of the dod were to occur, it could result in program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the u.s. government's ability to progress programs and make timely payments, and our ability to perform on our u.s. government contracts and successfully compete for new work. if the statutory debt limit is not increased adequately, we could be obligated to work without receiving timely payments.
future funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed or cancelled. in addition, budget cuts globally could continue to adversely affect the viability of our subcontractors and suppliers, and our employee base. while we believe that our business is well-positioned in areas for future defense spending, changing priorities, budget pressures, defense spending cuts, challenges in the appropriations process, the debt ceiling and ongoing fiscal debates remain uncertain.
significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our current and future programs; long-term funding under a continuing resolution; an extended debt ceiling breach or government shutdown; and/or future budget and program decisions, among other items, may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪we use estimates when accounting for contracts. contract cost growth or changes in estimated contract revenues and costs can affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and assumptions regarding performance. due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. incentives, awards and/or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating revenue and profit rates when there is sufficient information to assess anticipated performance. suppliers' expected performance is also considered.
our operating income can be adversely affected when estimated contract costs increase. reasons for increased estimated contract costs include: design issues; changes in estimates of the nature and complexity of the work, including technical or quality issues or requests for additional work; production challenges, including those resulting from the timeliness of customer funding, unavailability or reduced productivity of qualified and timely cleared labor; the availability, performance, and quality of significant subcontractors; supplier issues, including the costs, timeliness and availability of materials and components; changes in laws or regulations; actions necessary for long-term customer satisfaction; and natural disasters or environmental matters. we have filed and may file requests for equitable adjustment or claims to seek recovery in whole or in part for our increased costs and aim to protect against these risks through contract terms and conditions when practical, but the government may disagree with our requests and may not have funding to cover them.
our risk varies with the type of contract. due to their nature, fixed-price contracts inherently tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts, including as a result of inflationary pressures, labor shortages, and increased labor rates. in 2021, approximately half of our sales were derived from fixed-price contracts. we have typically looked to fixed-price contracts where costs can be more reasonably estimated based on actual experience, such as for production programs. however, our customers may also seek fixed-price contracts for development programs, where the risks are greater. in addition, our contracts contain provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights. if we do not achieve our estimates or meet terms specified in our contracts, our profitability has at times been and may be reduced, and we have incurred and may incur losses.
certain of our fixed-price contracts include or may include fixed-price development work. this work is inherently more uncertain, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in estimates of the costs to complete the development stage. as work progresses into production, the risks associated with estimating the total costs are typically reduced. while management uses its best judgment to estimate costs associated with fixed-price development contracts, future events could result in adjustments.
under cost-type contracts, allowable costs incurred by the contractor are generally subject to reimbursement plus a fee. we often enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. these cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are uncertain and may be earned over extended periods or towards the end of the contract. in these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily
northrop grumman corporation in recognizing profit, which ultimately may not be earned, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. we also face additional financial risk due to the number of contract solicitations requiring the contractor to bid on cost-type development work and related fixed-price production lots and/or options in one submission, or cost-type development work requiring the contractor to provide certain items to the customer at the contractor's expense or at little or no fee.
because of the significance of management's judgments and the estimation processes, it is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, and the failure to prevail on claims for equitable adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of one or more of our contracts and on our overall financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. see "critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments" in md&a.
▪competition within our markets and bid protests may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues and market share.
we operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more financial capacity, more extensive or specialized engineering, manufacturing, or marketing capabilities in some areas, or be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. we have seen, and anticipate we will continue to see, increased competition in some of our core markets, especially as a result of budget pressures for many customers, a continued focus on affordability and competition, and our own success in winning business. we are facing increasing competition in the u.s. and outside the u.s. from u.s., foreign and multinational firms, including new entrants. we are also facing increasing competition for, and more limited access to various critical products, services and other supplies, including related to scarcity of resources, and mergers and acquisitions. in some instances outside the u.s., foreign companies may receive loans, subsidies and other assistance from their governments that may not be available to u.s. companies and foreign companies may be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer. some customers, including the dod, are turning to commercial contractors, rather than traditional defense contractors, for some products and services, and continue to utilize small business contractors or determine to source work internally. in addition, our success in competing and remaining cost-competitive depends, in part, on our ability successfully to adopt and integrate new digital manufacturing and operating technologies into our products and services.
bid protests can result in contract modifications or the award decision being reversed and loss of the contract award. even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings.
if we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, or prevail in protests, or to prevail against other attempts to interfere with our ability to obtain and retain awards, we may experience declines in future revenues and market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪we are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us.
the size, nature and complexity of our business make us susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, prosecutions, litigation and other legal proceedings, particularly those involving governments, which have at times been, and may continue to be, increasingly aggressive. we are and may become subject to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and administrative, civil or criminal litigation, arbitration or other legal proceedings globally and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts, commercial transactions, false claims, false statements, antitrust, compliance with government orders, mischarging, contract performance, fraud, procurement integrity, securities laws and requirements, products liability, warranties, hazardous materials, personal injury claims, environmental, shareholder derivative actions, acquisitions and divestitures, intellectual property, tax, corporate law and obligations, employees, export/import, anti-corruption, debt and equity, labor, health and safety, the covid-19 pandemic and the company's response to it, accidents, launch failures and employee benefits and plans, including plan administration, improper payments, and issues related to privacy and security (cyber and physical), as well as matters relating to the orbital atk federal trade commission (ftc) decision and order. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the orbital
northrop grumman corporation atk ftc decision and order and subsequent interactions with ftc staff. these matters can divert financial and management resources; result in administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including judgments, convictions, consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements), compensatory, treble or other damages, non-monetary relief, or other liabilities; and otherwise harm our business and our ability to obtain and retain awards. certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export/import privileges for the company or one or more of its components. suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions in particular could have a material adverse effect on the company because of our reliance on government contracts and export authorizations. an investigation, claim, dispute, enforcement action or litigation, even if pending or not ultimately substantiated or if fully indemnified or insured, can also negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it substantially more difficult for us to compete effectively for business, obtain and retain awards, ensure funding for our programs or obtain adequate insurance in the future. investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation or other legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate can impact our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy, or the terms of our contracts. however, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us. we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such misconduct, despite a vigorous compliance program and strong culture. this risk of improper conduct may increase as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new partners. at the same time, law enforcement agencies are continuing to focus on combating global corruption and other misconduct. in the ordinary course of our business we form and are members of joint ventures (with that term used throughout to refer to joint efforts or business arrangements of any type). notwithstanding our robust process, we are unable to prevent any and all misconduct or violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures (including their officers, directors and employees) or our partners. improper actions by our employees or those with whom or through whom we do business subjects us to risk of administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions; monetary and non-monetary penalties; liabilities; and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment, which could negatively impact our reputation and ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪as a u.s. government contractor, we and our partners are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry, as well as those more broadly applicable, and we could be adversely affected by changes in such laws, regulations or terms, or any negative findings by the u.s. government as to our compliance with them. we also may be adversely affected by changes in our customers' business practices globally.
u.s. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) must comply with many significant procurement regulations and other specific legal requirements, as well as ones more broadly applicable. these regulations and other requirements, although sometimes customary in government contracting, increase our performance and compliance costs and risks, and are regularly evolving. these costs are not always fully recoverable. new laws, regulations or procurement requirements or changes to current ones (including, for example, related to cybersecurity, information protection, cost accounting, covid-19, recovery of employee compensation costs, counterfeit parts, pensions, anti-human trafficking, and use of certain non-us equipment) can significantly increase our costs and risks and reduce our profitability.
we operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its agencies, such as the dcaa, defense contract management agency (dcma) and the dod inspector general. these agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and accounting, and our compliance with applicable laws, regulations, terms and standards, as well as the adequacy of our systems in meeting government requirements. costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded. when an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we are subject to possible civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, forfeiture of profits or suspension or debarment. whether or not illegal
northrop grumman corporation activities are alleged, the u.s. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems to be inadequate, with significant financial impact, regardless of the ultimate outcome. in addition, we risk serious reputational harm in situations involving allegations of impropriety made against us or our business partners.
our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally, largely as a result of an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds. we have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and challenges to our claims and our government accounting business systems for current and past years, as well as a lengthened period of time required to close open audits, an increased number of broad requests for information and an increased risk of withholding of payments. for example, the thresholds for certain allowable costs in the u.s., including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; the allowability of other types of costs, including certain costs related to environmental remediation and pensions, and certain assumptions used by the company to determine pension expense, are being challenged, debated and, in certain cases, modified, all with potentially significant financial costs to the company. the u.s. government is also pursuing alternatives to shift additional responsibility and performance risks to the contractor. the u.s. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue policies that could negatively impact our profitability. changes in procurement practices favoring incentive-based fee arrangements; different award criteria; non-traditional contract provisions; and government contract negotiation offers that indicate what our costs should be, among others, have affected and may in the future affect our profitability and predictability.
we (again, including our subcontractors and others with whom we do business) also are subject to, and expected to perform in compliance with, a vast array of federal, state and local laws, regulations, contract terms and requirements related to our industry, our products and the businesses we operate, as well as those more broadly applicable to industry, such as securities laws. these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the truthful cost or pricing data act, false claims act, procurement integrity act, federal communications commission act, cas, far, international traffic in arms regulations promulgated under the arms export control act, export administration regulations promulgated under the export control reform act, international sanctions, close the contractor fraud loophole act and the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) (and other similar anti-corruption provisions), as well as orders, rules and regulations administered by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives, and those related to pandemics. these requirements, whether specific to our industry or broadly applicable, may limit our conduct and ability to achieve our goals. if we are found to have violated any such requirements (including both those specific to our business and those more broadly applicable), or are found not to have acted responsibly, we may be subject to reductions of the value of contracts; contract modifications or termination; the withholding of payments from our customer; the loss of export/import privileges; administrative or civil judgments and liabilities; criminal judgments or convictions, liabilities and consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements; other sanctions; the assessment of penalties, fines, or compensatory, treble or other damages or non-monetary relief or actions; or suspension or debarment.
if we or those with whom we do business do not comply with the laws, regulations, contract terms and processes to which we are subject or if customer business practices or requirements change significantly, including with respect to allowable costs, it could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪environmental matters, including unforeseen costs associated with compliance and remediation efforts, and government and third party claims, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including as they may be changed or enforced differently over time. compliance with these environmental laws and regulations requires, and is expected to continue to require, significant operating and capital costs. we may be subject to substantial administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including suspension and debarment) for violations. if we are found to be in violation of the federal clean air act or the clean water act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the environmental protection agency on a list of facilities that generally cannot be used in performing on u.s. government contracts until the violation is corrected.
we incur, and expect to continue to incur, substantial remediation costs related to the cleanup of pollutants previously released into the environment. stricter or different enforcement of existing laws and regulations; new laws, regulations or cleanup requirements; discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination or new contaminants; imposition of fines, penalties, compensatory or other damages (including natural resource
northrop grumman corporation damages); a determination that certain remediation or other environmental costs are unallowable; rulings on allocation or insurance coverage; and/or the insolvency or other inability or unwillingness of other parties to pay their share of such costs could require us to incur material additional costs in excess of those anticipated.
we also are and may become a party to various legal proceedings and disputes involving government and private parties (including individual and class actions) relating to alleged impacts from pollutants released into the environment. these matters could result in compensatory or other damages, remediation costs, fines, penalties, and non-monetary relief, and adverse determinations on allowability or insurance coverage.
the company is engaged in remediation activities relating to environmental conditions allegedly resulting from historic operations at the former united states navy and grumman facilities in bethpage, new york. we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, as included in note 12, substantial remediation costs related to the legacy bethpage environmental conditions. it is also possible that applicable remediation, allocation and allowability standards and other claims and requirements to which we are subject may continue to change, and our costs may increase materially. in december 2020, the parties reached a tentative agreement with the state of new york regarding the steps the company will take to implement the state's amended record of decision and to resolve certain other potential claims, including for natural resource damages. we understand that the state will next seek court approval of the consent decree. we are also in discussions with the dod (navy and dcma) and the bethpage and south farmingdale water districts to explore whether claims involving these parties can be resolved at this stage. in addition to disputes and legal proceedings with government entities related to environmental conditions at the site (including remediation, allocation and allowability), we are a party to various, and may become a party to disputes and legal proceedings with individual and class action plaintiffs alleging personal injury and property damage, with insurance carriers, and with other parties.
in addition, at times, government and private parties seek to hold us responsible for liabilities or obligations related to former operations that have been divested or spun-off (including our former shipbuilding business) and/or for which we believe other parties have agreed to be responsible and/or to indemnify us, directly or indirectly. the indemnity related rights we have may not be sufficient to protect us against such liabilities.
the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could harm our reputation and business and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. changes in applicable u.s. (federal, state and local) or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, have affected and could continue to affect our tax expense and profitability as, for example, they did in 2017 upon passage of the tax cuts and jobs act. in addition, the final determination of any state or federal tax audits or related litigation, in particular with regard to the sustainment of our positions on research credits and timing of revenue recognition under irc section 451(b), could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.
as a result of the acquisition of oatk in 2018, we are subject to outstanding tax audits and may be subject to future tax audits and legal challenges involving oatk and its subsidiaries, their successors, the spinoff of its then subsidiary vista outdoor inc. (vista) in 2015 and related matters. oatk entered into a tax matters agreement with vista, pursuant to which, in certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations, vista is required to indemnify oatk against taxes on the spinoff. however, there are circumstances pursuant to which we may be unable to obtain an indemnification payment or we may be required to indemnify vista.
beginning in 2022, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tcja") eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and requires taxpayers to amortize them over five years pursuant to irc section 174. although congress is considering legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, we have no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. if the requirement is not modified, it will materially reduce our cash flows beginning in 2022.
changes in our tax provisions or an increase in our tax liabilities, whether due to changes in applicable laws and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, or a final determination of tax audits or litigation or agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪we face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, especially of infectious diseases, including covid-19. since first reported in late 2019, the covid-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns, labor shortages, supply chain challenges, changes in government spending and requirements, regulatory challenges, inflationary pressures and market volatility. although we have, to date, managed to continue most of our operations, we cannot predict the future course of events nor can we assure that this global pandemic, including its economic impact, will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. (for further information relating to the evolving environment, our experience to date, and various steps taken related to the covid-19 pandemic, see md&a).
our operations have been and, we expect, will continue to be further impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. the pandemic likely will continue to impact our workforce, including staffing levels (as a result of illnesses, quarantine, isolation and absenteeism) and adjusted work locations and schedules; our facilities and access to them; those with whom we do business and on whom we rely to continue our operations; travel restrictions; and, overall, our ability to perform as required, at cost and on schedule, and to achieve and increase efficiencies. the pandemic may require us to continue to take extraordinary measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees. we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs which may not be fully recoverable. if, going forward, significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, or we are otherwise unable to maintain our level of operations, staffing and performance, we can expect facility closures, work slowdowns or stoppages, and adverse impacts on our overall performance, operations and financial results. the macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic, including a tightened labor market and government requirements, including those related to vaccinations, will also likely continue to affect our company. they may further affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, to maintain performance levels (especially cost and schedule), and to maintain our corporate culture. we expect to continue to incur additional costs as a result of the covid-19 outbreak, including to protect the health and well-being of our employees, to respond to government requirements, and as a result of impacts on operations and performance, including staffing and schedule, which costs we may not be fully able to recover. we are and may be subject to additional regulatory requirements, enforcement actions and litigation, again with costs and liabilities that are not fully recoverable or insured.
the continued global pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact the company's supply chains. if our suppliers have increased challenges with their workforce (including as a result of illness, absenteeism, reactions to health and safety or government requirements), facility closures, timely access to necessary components, materials and other supplies at reasonable prices, access to capital, and access to fundamental support services (such as shipping and transportation), they may be unable to provide the agreed-upon goods and services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner. we have incurred and may in the future incur additional costs and delays in our business, including as a result of higher prices, schedule delays or the need to identify and develop alternative suppliers, and we may need to provide additional resources to support our suppliers or otherwise continue performance under our contracts. in some instances, we may be unable to do that, incurring additional liabilities under our current contracts and hampering new ones.
the global covid-19 crisis has put extraordinary pressures on the u.s. government and governments around the world. in some cases, it has caused delays or limits in the ability of the government and other customers (including other prime contractors) to perform, including making timely payments and awards to us, negotiating contracts and agreeing on appropriate costs for recovery, performing quality inspections, supporting testing, accepting delivery, approving security clearances (for individuals and facilities), and providing necessary personnel, equipment and facilities. in addition, as a result of the covid-19 crisis, we expect continued changes in our customers' priorities and practices, as our customers in both the u.s. and globally confront competing budget priorities, staffing challenges and limited resources. these changes may impact current and future programs, customer priorities, government payments and other practices, procurements, and funding decisions.
while we have significant sources of cash and liquidity and access to committed and uncommitted credit lines, a prolonged period of generating lower cash from operations could adversely affect both our financial condition and the achievement of our strategic objectives. additionally, there can be no assurance that we will not face credit rating downgrades, and such downgrades could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets. market volatility may also impact investment performance and our expected asset valuations and returns,
northrop grumman corporation which could materially impact the calculation of long-term liabilities such as our pension obligations. and inflationary pressures related to covid-19 could adversely affect our business further, including through increased cost of labor and materials on our contracts.
we continue to work with our stakeholders in an effort to address responsibly this global pandemic. we continue to monitor the situation, to assess further possible implications to our employees, business, supply chain and customers, and to take certain actions in an effort to mitigate various adverse consequences.
we expect that the longer the covid-19 pandemic, including its economic disruption, continues, the greater the adverse impact on our business operations, financial performance and results of operations could be. given the tremendous uncertainties and variables, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the global covid-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, but any one could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions.
as a defense contractor, we face significant cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to and to harm sensitive information and networks; insider threats; ransomware; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to the security and viability of our facilities, infrastructure, products, and subcontractors or others in our supply chain (referred to inclusively as suppliers); and threats from terrorist acts, civil unrest or other acts of aggression. we are also subject to increasing government, customer and other cyber and security requirements, including disclosure obligations.
we have robust measures in place to address and mitigate cyber-related risks. however, we have experienced cyber attacks and expect we will continue to experience additional attacks in the future. we continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and products and to enhance our internal controls and processes, which are designed to help protect our systems and infrastructure. these include timely detection of incidents through monitoring, training, incident response capabilities, and mitigating cyber and security risks to our data, systems, technology, and products and services. however, these efforts may not be fully effective.
our customers and partners (including our suppliers and joint ventures) with whom we do business and entrust confidential data, and on whom we rely to provide products and services, face similar threats and growing requirements, including ones for which others may seek to hold us responsible. we depend on our customers, suppliers, and other business partners to implement adequate controls and safeguards to protect against and report cyber incidents. if they fail to do so, we may suffer financial and other harm, including to our information, operations, performance, employees, customers and reputation.
although we implement various measures and controls to monitor and mitigate risks associated with these threats and to increase the cyber resiliency of our infrastructure and products, there can be no assurance that these processes will be sufficient. successful attacks could lead to losses or misuse of sensitive information or capabilities; theft or corruption of data; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial costs and liabilities; protracted interruptions in our operations and performance; and the misuse of our products, as well as damage to our reputation as a government contractor and provider of cyber-related or cyber-protected goods and services.
cyber threats, both on premises and in the cloud, are evolving and include, but are not limited to: malicious software, destructive malware, ransomware, attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems or data, disruption to operations, critical systems or denial of service attacks; unauthorized release of confidential, personal or otherwise protected information (ours or that of our employees, customers or partners); corruption of data, networks or systems; harm to individuals; and loss of assets. in addition, we could be impacted by cyber threats or other disruptions or vulnerabilities found in products or services we use or in our internal, partners' or customers' systems that are used in connection with our business. some of these threats are zero-day attacks associated with unknown third party software or product vulnerabilities. these events, if not prevented or effectively mitigated, could damage our reputation, require remedial actions and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, potential liability and other financial losses.
we also face threats to our physical security, including to our facilities and the safety and well-being of our people. these threats could involve terrorism, insider threats, workplace violence, civil unrest, natural disasters, damaging weather, fires or similar acts, which could adversely affect our company. our customers and suppliers face similar risks that, if realized, could also adversely impact our operations. the business impact of such acts could include delays, manufacturing downtime, and other impacts that could detrimentally impact our ability to perform our operations. we could also incur unanticipated costs to remediate impacts, loss of business and ability to win new business, which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition or results of operations.
northrop grumman corporation we provide systems, products and services to various customers (government and commercial) who also face cyber threats. our systems, products and services may themselves be subject to cyber threats and/or they may not be able to detect or deter threats, or effectively to mitigate resulting losses. these losses could adversely affect our customers and our company.
we also face increasing disclosure obligations related to cyber and other security events. despite rigorous processes, we risk failing to meet all of our disclosure obligations and/or having our disclosures misinterpreted.
the occurrence and impact of these various risks and considerations are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could result in the loss or corruption of information or capabilities, harm to individuals or property, damage to our reputation, loss of business, disruption in our business, contractual or regulatory actions and liabilities, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce.
our operating results and growth opportunities are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering and math, and who share our values and are able to operate effectively consistent with our culture. outside the u.s., it is increasingly important that we are also able to attract and retain personnel with relevant local qualifications and experience. we are facing increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies, and increasing wage rates. if qualified personnel are more scarce or more difficult to attract or retain under reasonable terms, or if we experience a high level of attrition, generally or in particular areas, or if such personnel are increasingly unable to obtain security clearances on a timely basis, we would expect higher labor-related costs and we could face challenges performing on various of our programs. in addition, the macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic, including a tightened labor market and government requirements, including those related to vaccinations, may further affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, and to maintain performance levels and our corporate culture. these challenges may be further compounded by an increase in remote work. there is also the risk that we are unable to achieve our diversity, equity and inclusion objectives or, more broadly, to meet sustainability goals increasingly required by our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders.
certain of our employees are covered by collective agreements. we generally have been able to renegotiate renewals to expiring agreements without significant disruption of operating activities. if we experience difficulties with renewals and renegotiations of existing collective agreements, or new demands, or if our employees pursue new collective representation, we could incur additional expenses and may be subject to work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor-related disruptions. any such expenses or delays could adversely affect our programs served by employees who are covered by such agreements or representation.
if we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
•our earnings and profitability depend, in part, on subcontractor and supplier performance and financial viability as well as raw material and component availability and pricing.
we rely on other companies to provide raw materials, chemicals and components and subsystems for our products, produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies, provide software and intellectual property, provide information about the parts they supply to us, and perform some of the services we need for our operations or provide to our customers, and to do so in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and contract terms, while maintaining strong values and cultures. disruptions or performance problems caused by our subcontractors or other suppliers (referred to inclusively as suppliers), failure to meet regulatory or contractual requirements, unethical behavior, or a misalignment between our contractual obligations to our customers and our agreement with our suppliers, have had and may continue to have various adverse impacts on the company, including on our ability to meet our commitments to customers.
our ability to perform our obligations on time is adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon products, materials or information, or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner or otherwise to meet the requirements of the contract or applicable regulations. changes in political or economic conditions, including changes in defense budgets or credit availability or sanctions, or other changes impacting a supplier, as well as their ability to retain talent and other resources, and requirements imposed on them by other customers, has adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect the financial stability of our suppliers and/or their ability to perform. the inability of our suppliers to perform adequately has
northrop grumman corporation resulted in and could in the future result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers if available, which could result in significant incremental cost and delay or the need for us to provide other resources to support our existing suppliers. this risk increases as the demands grow for our suppliers to meet extensive government-related cyber and other requirements.
in connection with our u.s. government contracts, we are required to procure certain materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the customer. among many other examples, we require assured access to microelectronics. our ability to produce and/or deliver products will be significantly impacted if the microelectronics manufacturing supply chain is cut off or significantly delayed. we also are facing increased regulatory requirements, both domestically and internationally, many of which apply to our suppliers. as a prime, we are often responsible for not only our compliance with these regulatory requirements, but that of our suppliers too. in some cases, there has been only one supplier, or one domestic supplier, for certain components. if a supplier cannot appropriately meet our needs, experiences disruptions to production or is otherwise unavailable or not fully available, including if a supplier is impacted by shipping and logistics delays, we may be unable to find a suitable alternative and to meet our obligations.
our procurement practices are intended to reduce the likelihood of our procurement of counterfeit, unauthorized or otherwise non-compliant parts or materials. we rely on our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and contract terms, including regarding the parts or materials we procure from them; in some circumstances, we rely on certifications provided by our suppliers regarding their compliance. we also rely on our suppliers effectively to mitigate the risk of cyber and security threats or other disruptions with respect to the products, components and services they deliver to us and the information entrusted to them by us or our customers and to comply with applicable contractual terms and laws, including cybersecurity and related certification requirements.
if our suppliers fail to perform or we are unable to procure, or experience significant delays in deliveries of, needed products, materials or services; or if they do not comply with all applicable laws, regulations, requirements and contract terms, including if what we receive is counterfeit or otherwise improper, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
•risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts, and increased focus and evolving views of our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders on climate change issues, could negatively affect our business and operations.
the effects of climate change create short and long-term financial risks to our business, both in the u.s. and globally. we have significant operations located in regions that have been, and may in the future be, exposed to significant weather events and other natural disasters. climate related changes can increase variability in or otherwise impact natural disasters, including weather patterns, with the potential for increased frequency and severity of significant weather events (e.g., flooding, hurricanes and tropical storms), natural hazards (e.g., increased wildfire risk), rising mean temperature and sea levels, and long-term changes in precipitation patterns (e.g., drought, desertification, and/or poor water quality). for example, in recent years, our facilities in lake charles, la, and melbourne, fl, were damaged by hurricanes, which temporarily interrupted site operations and had significant adverse impacts on our employees, their families and the local communities. we expect climate change will continue to affect our facilities, operations, employees and communities in the future, particularly at facilities in coastal areas and areas prone to extreme weather events and water scarcity. our suppliers are also subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform under our contracts, including as a result of disruptions to their workforce and critical infrastructure. disruptions also impact the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs.
increased worldwide focus on climate change has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to combat both potential causes and adverse impacts of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions. new or more stringent laws and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions and other climate change related concerns may adversely affect us, our suppliers and our customers. some of our facilities are, for example, engaged in manufacturing processes that produce greenhouse gas emissions, including carbon dioxide, or rely on products from others that do so. we have worked for years to reduce our reliance on fossil-based energy sources, to decrease our greenhouse gas emissions, to reduce our consumption of water and production of waste, and to ensure our compliance with environmental regulations where we operate, enhancing our record of environmental sustainability. however, new and evolving laws and regulations could mandate different or more restrictive standards, could require capital investments to transition to low carbon technologies, could adversely impact our ongoing operations, and could require changes on a more accelerated time frame. our suppliers may face similar challenges and incur additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. these direct and indirect costs may adversely impact our results
northrop grumman corporation of operations and financial condition. and non-compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements could also negatively impact our reputation and ability to do business.
in may 2021, the administration issued executive order 14030, climate-related financial risk, directing the far council, in consultation with the chair of the council on environmental quality, to consider amendments to the far to help ensure that major federal agency procurements reduce the risk of climate change, including requiring the social cost of greenhouse gas emissions to be considered in procurement decisions. amendments to the far and/or other changes to contract terms could cause us to incur additional operating and compliance costs (directly and from our suppliers) or otherwise impact our ability to win business and operate successfully.
changes in our customers' requirements, priorities, and ways of doing business are also likely to have an impact on our business, operations, and financial success. these changes create opportunities and risks. if, for example, our customers develop requirements and adopt procurement policies that place further emphasis on social and environmental objectives, and we are unable to meet those evolving demands, we will be less successful in selling our products, winning new business, and growing our revenues investors, advisory services, government regulators, lenders and other market participants have focused increasingly on the environmental or "sustainability" practices of companies. shareholders, financial institutions and others have increasingly looked to a company's environmental, social and governance practices, disclosures and performance before making investment or other financial decisions. regulators have been increasing requirements and enforcement activities. we believe our practices, disclosures and performance are strong and growing. however, if they do not meet investor, lender, regulator, or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our access to capital may be negatively impacted, including in both the equity and debt markets, and we will be adversely affected. an enforcement action could harm our reputation, financial position and ability to grow. a failure to meet expectations may materially negatively affect our results of operations, ability to manage our liquidity, or implement our strategies.
the company is building on its environmental record, with a particular focus on the reduction of carbon emissions from our operations, and a target date to achieve net zero carbon emissions. the company is committed to working to achieve its climate change related objectives. however, the costs of doing so may be greater than expected, and there can be no assurance the company will achieve its objectives, or meet the evolving sustainability expectations and standards of our investors or other external stakeholders. any failure to achieve our goals, a perception that we are not responsible environmental stewards, or failure effectively to respond to new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements or other sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial position.
the effects and costs of climate change (or other related environmental concerns), or any failure to meet related requirements and expectations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations.
sales to customers outside the u.s. are an important component of our strategy. our international business (including our participation in joint ventures, requirements for local content, and our global supply chain) is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. these risks differ in some respects from those associated with our u.s. business and our exposure to such risks may increase if and as our international business continues to grow.
our international business is generally subject to both u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to export/import controls, sanctions, technology transfers, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, investment, exchange rates and controls, the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws, anti-boycott provisions, securities laws, labor and employment, works councils and other labor groups, anti-human trafficking, taxes, environment, immunity, security restrictions and intellectual property. failure by us, our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, commercial or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export/import privileges. our customers outside of the u.s. also often have the ability to terminate contracts for convenience as well as for default based on performance. suspension or debarment, or termination of a contract due to default could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
northrop grumman corporation new regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally. despite robust processes, we also face risks related to the unintended or unauthorized use of our products and resources.
changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, political relations and instability, and/or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct profitable business in international markets, including sales to customers outside the u.s. and purchases from suppliers outside the u.s. our international business is impacted by changes in u.s. and foreign national policies and priorities, and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, government budgets, and economic and political factors more generally. any of these factors may impact funding for programs, our ability to perform, our supply chain, export authorizations, purchasing decisions or customer payments. we also could be affected by the residual impacts of britain's exit from the european union, the full impacts of which are still evolving. global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and credit could further impact our business.
our contracts with non-u.s. customers in some cases also include terms and reflect legal requirements that create additional risks. they may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, hiring of local nationals, local investments, manufacturing or other operational or financial obligations, including offset obligations, and provide for significant penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. they may also require us to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and/or other financial arrangements to secure our obligations. we also are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. our ability to sell products outside the u.s. could be adversely affected if we are unable to design our products on a cost effective basis or to obtain and retain all necessary export licenses and authorizations. the u.s. government can deny, change or revoke export authorization. our business outside of the u.s. also depends on our ability to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel with the skills and/or security clearances in the markets in which we do business. more broadly, our ability effectively to pursue and execute contracts outside the u.s. may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-u.s. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, co-production or other arrangements. this risk includes the ability to timely identify and negotiate appropriate arrangements with local partners, potential exposure for their actions and the ability to effectively terminate these partnership arrangements. this risk may increase, depending on local requirements regarding who we partner with and under what circumstances, particularly where we partner with government-affiliated entities.
the products and services we provide, including those provided by suppliers and joint ventures in which we have an interest, are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts, different business practices and/or developing legal systems. this may increase the risk to our employees, suppliers or other third parties, and increase our risk to a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products.
the occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control. failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability, reputation and future prospects.
we design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, which are applied by our customers in a variety of environments, including highly demanding operating conditions, to accomplish challenging missions. problems and delays in development or delivery, or system failures, as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, research and development funding, intellectual property rights, labor, inability to achieve learning curve assumptions, operation of artificial intelligence, inability to manage effectively a broad array of programs, manufacturing materials or components, or subcontractor (or other supplier) performance can prevent us from meeting requirements and create significant risk and liabilities. similarly, failures to perform on schedule or otherwise to fulfill our contractual obligations can negatively impact our financial position, reputation and ability to win future business.
in addition, our products cannot be tested and proven in all situations and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems. examples of unforeseen problems that could negatively affect revenue, schedule and profitability include loss on launch or flight of spacecraft, loss of aviation platforms, premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, unintended explosions, problems with design, quality and workmanship, country
northrop grumman corporation of origin of procured materials, inadequate supplier components and degradation of product performance. these failures can result, either directly or indirectly, in loss of life or property. factors that may affect revenue and profitability include: inaccurate cost estimates, design issues, human factors, unforeseen costs and expenses, diversion of management focus, loss of follow-on work, replacement obligations, and repayment to the government customer of certain contract cost and fee payments previously received.
certain contracts, primarily involving space satellite systems, contain provisions that entitle the customer to recover fees in the event of failure of the system upon launch or subsequent deployment for less than a specified period of time. under such terms, we are generally required to forfeit fees previously recognized and/or collected.
if we are unable to meet our obligations, including due to issues regarding the design, development or manufacture of our products or services, or we experience launch, platform or satellite system failures, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters that could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
we have significant operations, including centers of excellence, located in regions that have been, and may in the future be, exposed to hurricanes, earthquakes, water levels, wildfires and other natural disasters. our subcontractors and other suppliers have also been, and may in the future be, subject to natural disasters that could affect their ability to deliver or perform under a contract. although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural disasters, the nature, frequency and severity of which may be impacted by climate change, and delays in recovery may be significant.
if insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms are unavailable or insufficient to recover all costs or if we experience a significant disruption to our business due to a natural disaster, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we provide products and services related to hazardous and high risk operations. among other such operations, our products and services are used in nuclear-related activities (including nuclear-powered platforms) and used in support of nuclear-related operations of third parties. in addition, certain of our products are provided with space launch services. we use and provide energetic materials and solid rocket motors, including products that involve highly explosive or flammable elements. we develop missile systems, and counter systems, including strategic deterrents, as well as subsystems and components. all of these and other activities subject us to various extraordinary risks, including (1) potential liabilities relating to nuclear or launch-related incidents, unintended initiation of energetic materials and explosions, including risk of personal injury, property damage and environmental harm; (2) to the harmful effects on the environment and human health that may result from nuclear-related activities, operations or incidents, as well as the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials; and (3) to failed launches. we may be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear, launch or explosive incident, or other hazardous operation, whether or not the cause was within our control, and insurance may not be reasonably available. under some circumstances, the u.s. government and prime contractors may provide for certain indemnification and other protection under certain of our government related contracts, including pursuant to, or in connection with, public law 85-804, 10 u.s.c. 2354, the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act and the terrorism risk insurance reauthorization act, for certain risks, but those protections may not be available and they are limited in scope.
certain of our products, such as small, medium and large caliber ammunition and solid rocket motors and liquid propulsion engines, involve the use, manufacture and/or handling of a variety of explosive and flammable materials. these activities have resulted and may result in incidents that cause workplace injuries and fatalities, the temporary shut down or other disruption of manufacturing, production delays, environmental harm and expense, fines and liability to third parties. we have safety and loss prevention programs, which provide for pre-construction reviews, along with safety audits of operations involving explosive materials, to attempt to mitigate some such incidents, as well as potentially insurance coverage. we and our customers may experience similar or more serious incidents in the future which could result in various liabilities and production delays.
in addition, our customers may use or misuse our products and services in ways that can be unusually hazardous or risky, or in ways that are not intended, creating potential liabilities for our company as the provider of the products
northrop grumman corporation and services. in the event of an incident, if our customers fail to use our products properly or as intended, or if our products or services do not operate as intended, we could be subject to reputational harm and potential liabilities.
if there was a nuclear incident or other nuclear-related damages, an incident related to launch activities, an incident related to the use of energetics or rocket motors, or an incident or other damages related to or caused by the use of our products and services in connection with hazardous activities or risks, and if insurance coverage or indemnification or other protection was not fully available to cover our losses and liabilities, it could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪we may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete, our reputation and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
to perform on our contracts and to win new business, we depend on our ability to develop, protect and exploit our intellectual property and also to access the intellectual property of others under reasonable terms. increasing demands from our customers to access and obtain rights in our intellectual property, and positions taken by our suppliers and competitors challenge our ability to exploit, protect and access intellectual property.
we own many forms of intellectual property, including u.s. and foreign patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets and we license or otherwise obtain access to various intellectual property rights of third parties. the u.s. government and certain foreign governments hold licenses or other rights to certain intellectual property that we develop in performance of government contracts, and at times seek to use or authorize others to use such intellectual property, including in competition with us and including where we do not believe they are entitled to do so. governments continue to increase efforts to assert or obtain more extensive rights in intellectual property, which could reduce our ability to develop, protect and exploit certain of our intellectual property rights and to compete. governments also decline at times to make intellectual property of others available to us under acceptable terms.
we rely significantly upon proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how. we typically seek to protect this information, including by entering into intellectual property agreements with our employees and other parties such as consultants, teammates and subcontractors. these agreements and other measures may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets and other proprietary information. in the event of an infringement of such intellectual property rights, a breach of a confidentiality agreement, a misuse or theft of our intellectual property or divulgence of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies. in addition, our trade secrets or other proprietary information may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors.
in some instances, our ability to seek, win or perform contracts requires us to access and use third party intellectual property. this requires that the government or our customer is willing and able to provide rights to such third party intellectual property, or that we are able to negotiate directly with third parties to obtain necessary rights on reasonable terms. that may not be practicable.
our intellectual property is subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation or circumvention by third parties. our access to and use of intellectual property licensed or otherwise obtained from third parties is also subject to challenges. litigation to determine the scope of intellectual property rights, even if ultimately successful, could be costly and could divert management's attention away from other aspects of our business. moreover, the laws concerning intellectual property rights vary among countries and the protection provided to our intellectual property by foreign laws and courts may not be favorable.
if we are unable adequately to exploit our intellectual property rights, to protect our intellectual property rights, or to obtain rights to intellectual property of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, ability to compete for and perform on contracts, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers.
many of the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. the product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the u.s. and internationally. in addition, our ability to develop innovative and technologically advanced products depends on continued funding for, and investment in, research and development projects. our success also depends on our continued access to assured suppliers of important technologies and components and our ability to provide the people, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver those products and services with maximum efficiency. our customers and markets also increasingly require us to be agile and efficient, digitally
northrop grumman corporation enabled and able to harness integrated digital technologies and capabilities to deliver solutions with the agility and affordability that our customers seek. if we are unable to continue to develop new products and technologies in a timely fashion, and successfully to effect digital transformation, or if we fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position and our future success could be materially adversely affected. if we fail to maintain our competitive position, we could lose a significant amount of future business to our competitors, which also could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate favorable financial results and maintain market share and on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of or be unable to pay for material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position.
we endeavor to obtain insurance agreements from financially solid, responsible, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities (including, for example, natural disasters, space launches and on-orbit operations, cyber security, hazardous operations, energetics and products liability). not every risk or liability can be insured, and for risks that are or should be insurable, the policy limits and terms of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover actual losses or liabilities incurred. even if insurance coverage is available, at times we are not able to obtain it at a price or on terms acceptable to us or without increasing exclusions. disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers has affected and may continue to affect the availability or timing of recovery, and our ability to obtain insurance coverage at reasonable rates in the future. in some circumstances we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. however, these protections are not always available, are difficult to negotiate and obtain, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover losses or liabilities incurred. if insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪pension and other postretirement benefit (opb) obligations and related expenses and funding requirements may fluctuate significantly depending upon investment performance of plan assets, changes in actuarial assumptions, and legislative or other regulatory actions.
the company's pension and opb obligations and related expenses are dependent upon the investment performance of plan assets and various assumptions, including discount rates, mortality and the estimated long-term rates of return on plan assets. investment performance of plan assets and changes in assumptions associated with our pension and opb plans could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
funding requirements for our pension plans, including pension benefit guaranty corporation premiums, are subject to legislative and other government regulatory actions. in accordance with government regulations, pension plan cost recoveries under our u.s. government contracts may occur in different periods from when they are recognized for financial statement purposes or when pension funding is made. these timing differences, as well as government challenges to pension and opb cost recovery, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
▪business investments and/or recorded goodwill and other long-lived assets may become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
goodwill accounts for approximately 41 percent of our total assets as of december 31, 2021. although we currently have excess fair value of our reporting units over their respective carrying values, changes in business conditions or in the market-based inputs used in our goodwill impairment test, could result in significant write-offs of goodwill or other long-lived assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion should be read along with the financial statements included in this form 10-k, as well as part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 ("2020 annual report on form 10-k").
disposition of it and mission support services business effective january 30, 2021 (the "divestiture date"), we completed the sale of our it and mission support services business (the "it services divestiture") for $3.4 billion in cash and recorded a pre-tax gain of $2.0 billion. the it and mission support services business was comprised of the majority of the former is&s division of defense systems (excluding the vinnell arabia business); select cyber, intelligence and missions support programs, which were part of the former cims division of mission systems; and the former space technical services business unit of space systems. operating results include sales and operating income for the it and mission support services business prior to the divestiture date. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the disposition.
covid-19 was first reported in late 2019. in march 2020, the world health organization characterized covid-19 as a global pandemic, and the president declared a national emergency concerning the covid-19 outbreak. in the almost two years since then, the pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns, labor shortfalls, supply chain challenges, regulatory challenges, and market volatility. we discussed in some detail in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, and subsequent sec filings in 2021, the pandemic, its impacts and risks, and actions taken up to the time of each filing. in this form 10-k, we provide a further update.
the company's leadership, our crisis management and business resumption teams, and local site leadership continue closely to monitor and address the pandemic and related developments, including the impact on our company, our employees, our customers, our suppliers and our communities. the company has considered and continues to consider and be guided by health data and evolving guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), in particular, as well as other health organizations globally, federal, state and local governmental authorities, and our customers, among others. we have taken, and continue to take, robust actions to help protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees, to support continued performance, to support our suppliers and local communities, and to continue to serve our customers. our goals have been, and continue to be to lessen the potential adverse impacts, both health and economic, and to continue to position the company for long-term success. like the communities in which we operate, our actions have varied depending on the spread of covid-19 and applicable government requirements, the needs of our employees, the needs of our customers and the needs of our business.
over the course of 2021, covid-19 case rates and the health and economic impacts of the pandemic fluctuated dramatically in different communities in the u.s. and globally, particularly with the spread of new variants. but we continued to see a prolonged impact on the economy, our industry, and our company, with increased challenges for customers and suppliers, labor shortages, supply chain challenges, and increasing inflation, among other impacts. we expect these and other impacts to continue and they could worsen, depending on the future course of the pandemic and actions taken in connection with it.
in the u.s., the food and drug administration issued emergency use authorization for covid-19 vaccines and the government began extensive efforts to administer them. the company also has taken various steps to encourage and facilitate vaccination access for our employees, in accordance with federal guidance. we have provided paid leave and flexibility for employees to get vaccinated, and strongly encouraged our workforce to take care of themselves and their colleagues. in september 2021, the white house issued an executive order and guidance from the safer federal workforce task force broadly requiring many u.s.-based federal contractors to be fully vaccinated by december 8, 2021 (or to have an approved accommodation). in early november 2021, the federal government extended that deadline to january 18, 2022. on december 7, 2021, a federal district judge issued an order, temporarily suspending the government from enforcing the federal contractor mandate. that order is on appeal. state and local governments are also taking actions related to the pandemic, imposing additional and varying requirements on industry. we have taken and are taking steps strongly to encourage our employees to be fully vaccinated (or to have an approved accommodation) to protect our workplace and to position the company to comply with the executive order, guidance, and related contract terms, if and as necessary, as we continue to evaluate the evolving situation and our customers' requirements. evolving government requirements, including regarding a vaccine mandate, along with the broader impacts of the continuing pandemic, could significantly impact
northrop grumman corporation our workforce and performance, as well as those of our suppliers, and result in costs that we may not be able to recover fully. the company continues to take robust actions globally to protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees, and to serve our customers with continued performance. we also continue to take steps to support our suppliers, with a particular focus on critical small and midsized business partners, including passing through increased progress payments from the dod to our suppliers and accelerating payments to certain suppliers.
the company's fourth quarter 2021 revenue and operating income were affected by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company and the broader economic environment, including through a tightened labor market, elevated levels of employee leave, evolving government requirements, and supply chain challenges. these factors are expected to continue and could worsen and affect further our ability (and that of our suppliers) to maintain a qualified workforce and to perform fully for our customers (including with respect to cost and schedule), with delayed or reduced sales and additional liabilities, losses and costs, that we may not be able to recover fully. our employees, customers and suppliers, the company, our economy and our global community face both continuing and new or evolving challenges related to the pandemic, and we cannot predict how this dynamic situation will evolve or the impact it will have on the company, or our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. for further information on the pandemic and the potential impact to the company of covid-19, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" below and "risk factors."
global security and economic environment the u.s. and its allies continue to face a global security environment of heightened tensions and instability, threats from state and non-state actors, including major global powers, as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions, diverse regional security concerns and political instability. global threats persist across all domains, from undersea to space to cyber. the market for defense products, services and solutions globally is driven by these complex and evolving security challenges, considered in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities.
the global geopolitical and economic environments also continue to be impacted by uncertainty. geopolitical relationships are changing and global economic growth is expected to remain in the low single digits in 2022 reflecting the impact of and uncertainty surrounding geopolitical tensions globally and financial market volatility and the covid-19 pandemic. the global economy may also be affected by the residual legal, regulatory and economic impacts of britain's exit from the european union, the full impacts of which are complex and gradually becoming evident. rising inflation also could lead to increased interest rates, raising the cost of borrowing for the federal government, which could impact other spending priorities. additionally, economic tensions and changes in international trade policies, including higher tariffs on imported goods and materials and renegotiation of free trade agreements, could impact the global market for defense products, services and solutions.
u.s. political and economic environment on may 28, 2021, the administration released its budget request for fy 2022. the budget proposed $753 billion for national defense programs and $770 billion in non-defense discretionary funding. it continues to be the subject of debate in congress. the administration's budget request included funding for an infrastructure and economic recovery plan and an education and economic support plan. on november 15, 2021, the president signed into law the $1.2 trillion infrastructure and investment and jobs act. enactment of the infrastructure plan and any future spending plans, as well as the costs of the pandemic (as discussed more above), may have broader implications for the defense industry, our customers' budgets and priorities, and the overall economic environment, including the national debt. it is difficult to predict the specific course of future defense budgets. however, the threat to u.s. national security remains very substantial. we believe that our capabilities, particularly in space, missiles, missile defense, hypersonics, counter-hypersonics, survivable aircraft and mission systems should help our customers defend against future threats and, as a result, continue to allow for long-term profitable growth in our business.
fy 2022 appropriations have not been enacted to date. on september 30, 2021, a continuing resolution was enacted, providing funding generally at fy 2021 levels through december 3, 2021; the continuing resolution was further extended through february 18, 2022. congressional deliberations over fy 2022 appropriations have demonstrated broad support for national security, with increased funding proposed in certain areas for national defense above the administration's budget request. it remains uncertain whether and, if so, when the government will approve fy 2022 appropriations, with which programs funded at what levels, and for how long the government will operate under a continuing resolution, with potential impacts on our programs and new starts, in particular.
northrop grumman corporation the bipartisan budget act of 2019 suspended the debt ceiling through july 31, 2021. in october 2021, the statutory debt limit was increased by $480 billion and, in december 2021, was further increased by $2.5 trillion, which is currently expected to allow the treasury department to finance the government into 2023.
the political environment, federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have material impacts on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular.
for further information on the risks we face from the current political and economic environment, see "risk factors."
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs (typically larger contracts or two or more closely-related contracts). we recognize sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts as control is transferred to the customer, primarily over time on a cost-to-cost basis (cost incurred relative to costs estimated at completion). as a result, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs incurred across our large portfolio of contracts. due to the applicable far and cas requirements that govern our u.s. government business, most types of costs are allocable to u.s. government contracts. as such, we do not focus on individual cost groupings (such as manufacturing, engineering and design labor, subcontractor, material, overhead and general and administrative (g&a) costs), as much as we do on total contract cost, which is the key driver of our sales and operating income.
in evaluating our operating performance, we primarily focus on changes in sales and operating margin rates. where applicable, significant fluctuations in operating performance attributable to individual contracts or programs, or changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts, are described in our analysis. based on this approach and the nature of our operations, the discussion of results of operations below first focuses on our four segments before distinguishing between products and services. changes in sales are generally described in terms of volume, while changes in operating margin rates are generally described in terms of performance and/or contract mix. for purposes of this discussion, volume generally refers to increases or decreases in sales or cost from production/service activity levels and performance generally refers to non-volume related changes in profitability. contract mix generally refers to changes in the ratio of contract type and/or life cycle (e.g., cost-type, fixed-price, development, production, and/or sustainment).
consolidated operating results for purposes of the operating results discussion below, we assess our performance using certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap" or "fas"). organic sales is defined as total sales excluding sales attributable to the company's it services divestiture. this measure may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as a supplemental measure in evaluating the company's underlying sales growth as well as in providing an understanding of our ongoing business and future sales trends by presenting the company's sales before the impact of divestiture activity.
transaction-adjusted net earnings and transaction-adjusted earnings per share (transaction-adjusted eps) exclude impacts related to the it services divestiture, including the gain on sale of the business, associated federal and state income tax expenses, transaction costs, and the make-whole premium for early debt redemption. they also exclude the impact of mark-to-market pension and opb ("mtm") benefit/(expense) and related tax impacts, which are generally only recognized during the fourth quarter. these non-gaap measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the company's underlying financial performance by presenting the company's operating results before the non-operational impact of divestiture activity and pension and opb actuarial gains and losses. these measures are also consistent with how management views the underlying performance of the business as the impact of the it services divestiture and mtm accounting are not considered in management's assessment of the company's operating performance or in its determination of incentive compensation awards.
we reconcile these non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures below. these non-gaap measures may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
mark-to-market pension and opb benefit (expense)             2,355                     (1,034)                     (1,800)                  (328)   %                  (43)   %
$ in millions                                                    sales   it services sales              organic                       sales       it services sales          organic                 organic sales % change sales                                                                sales aeronautics systems                                        $11,259       $-                        $11,259                      $12,169                  $-             $12,169                               (7)         %
$ in millions                                                    sales       it services sales          organic                       sales       it services sales          organic                 organic sales % change sales                                                                sales aeronautics systems                                        $12,169                  $-             $12,169                      $11,116                  $-             $11,116                                 9         %
2021 sales decreased $1.1 billion, or 3 percent, due to a $2.2 billion reduction in sales related to the it services divestiture. 2021 organic sales increased $1.0 billion, or 3 percent due to higher sales at space and mission systems, partially offset by lower sales at aeronautics systems and defense systems. 2020 sales included a $444 million sale of equipment to a restricted customer at aeronautics systems.
2021 operating income increased $1.6 billion, or 39 percent, primarily due to the it services divestiture, including the $2.0 billion pre-tax gain on sale and $192 million of unallocated corporate expense for unallowable state taxes and transaction costs, partially offset by a $288 million reduction in the fas/cas operating adjustment. lower non-divestiture-related unallocated corporate expenses were partially offset by higher deferred state taxes principally related to the company's 2021 mtm benefit. 2021 operating margin rate increased to 15.8 percent from 11.0 percent reflecting the items above.
2021 g&a costs as a percentage of sales increased to 10.1 percent from 9.3 percent, primarily due to an increase in investments for future business opportunities and a lower g&a cost mix in the divested it services business.
mark-to-market pension and opb benefit/expense the primary components of pre-tax mtm benefit (expense) are presented in the table below:
actuarial gains (losses) on projected benefit obligation          $1,163                   $(3,570)                      $(4,866)
mtm benefit (expense)                                             $2,355                   $(1,034)                      $(1,800)
2021 mtm benefit of $2.4 billion was primarily driven by a 30 basis point increase in the discount rate from year end 2020 and actual net plan asset returns of approximately 10.9 percent compared to our 7.5 percent asset return assumption.
federal and foreign income taxes the 2021 effective tax rate (etr) increased to 21.6 percent from 14.5 percent in the prior year period primarily due to federal income taxes resulting from the it services divestiture, including $250 million of income tax expense related to $1.2 billion of nondeductible goodwill in the divested business. the company's 2021 mtm benefit did not significantly impact the 2021 etr; however, mtm expense in 2020 reduced the 2020 etr by 1.3 percentage points. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
mtm (benefit) expense                                         (2,355)                       1,034                   1,800                      (328)   %                  (43)   %
mtm-related deferred state tax expense (benefit)(1)               124                        (54)                   (81)                       (330)   %                  (33)   %
federal tax expense (benefit) of items above(2)                   469                       (206)                   (361)                      (328)   %                  (43)   %
gain on sale of business                                      (1,980)                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm state tax impact(3)                                               160                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm transaction costs                                                  32                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm make-whole premium                                                 54                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm federal tax impact of items above(4)                              614                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm transaction adjustment, net of tax                            (1,120)                           -                   -                                 nm                        nm transaction-adjusted net earnings                              $4,123                      $3,963                   $3,606                         4   %                    10   %
(1)the deferred state tax impact was calculated using the company's blended state tax rate of 5.25 percent in 2021 and 2020 and 4.50 percent in 2019 and is included in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)the federal tax impact in each period was calculated by subtracting the deferred state tax impact from mtm benefit (expense) and applying the 21 percent federal statutory rate.
(4)the federal tax impact was calculated by applying the 21 percent federal statutory rate to the adjustment items and also includes $250 million of incremental tax expense related to $1.2 billion of nondeductible goodwill in the divested business.
2021 net earnings increased $3.8 billion, or 120 percent, principally due to a $2.5 billion increase in our mtm benefit, net of tax, and a $1.1 billion increase associated with the it services divestiture, net of tax. transaction-adjusted net earnings increased $160 million, or 4 percent, primarily due to lower unallocated corporate expense and higher segment operating income, partially offset by higher income tax expense.
mtm (benefit) expense per share                                        (14.64)                        6.17                       10.59                  (337)   %                  (42)   %
mtm-related deferred state tax expense (benefit) per share(1)             0.77                      (0.32)                      (0.48)                  (341)   %                  (33)   %
federal tax expense (benefit) of items above per share(2)                 2.92                      (1.23)                      (2.12)                  (337)   %                  (42)   %
gain on sale of business per share                                     (12.31)                           -                           -                         nm                        nm state tax impact(3) per share                                             0.99                           -                           -                         nm                        nm transaction costs per share                                               0.20                           -                           -                         nm                        nm make-whole premium per share                                              0.34                           -                           -                         nm                        nm federal tax impact of items above(4) per share                            3.82                           -                           -                         nm                        nm transaction adjustment per share, net of tax                            (6.96)                           -                           -                         nm                        nm transaction-adjusted eps                                                $25.63                      $23.65                      $21.21                      8   %                    12   %
(1)the deferred state tax impact was calculated using the company's blended state tax rate of 5.25 percent in 2021 and 2020 and 4.50 percent in 2019 and is included in unallocated corporate expense within operating income.
(2)the federal tax impact in each period was calculated by subtracting the deferred state tax impact from mtm benefit (expense) and applying the 21 percent federal statutory rate.
(4)the federal tax impact was calculated by applying the 21 percent federal statutory rate to the adjustment items and also includes $250 million of incremental tax expense related to $1.2 billion of nondeductible goodwill in the divested business.
2021 diluted earnings per share increased $24.51, or 129 percent, principally due to a $15.57 increase in our 2021 mtm benefit, net of tax, and a $6.96 increase associated with the it services divestiture, net of tax. transaction-adjusted eps increased $1.98, or 8 percent, reflecting a 4 percent increase in transaction-adjusted net earnings and a 4 percent decrease in weighted-average diluted shares outstanding.
we present our sectors in the following business areas, which are reported in a manner reflecting core capabilities:
aeronautics systems        defense systems                                 mission systems                                 space systems autonomous systems         battle management &amp; missile systems         airborne multifunction sensors                  launch &amp; strategic missiles manned aircraft            mission readiness                               maritime/land systems &amp; sensors             space navigation, targeting &amp; survivability networked information solutions effective during the first quarter of 2021 within mission systems, the businesses of the former cims business area that remained with northrop grumman after the it services divestiture were merged with the communications business unit and f-35 communications, navigation and identification programs within the former airborne, sensors & networks business area to form the networked information solutions business area. the airborne sensors & networks business area was then renamed the airborne multifunction sensors business area to better reflect its new portfolio. this change had no impact on the segment operating results of mission systems as a whole.
segment operating income and margin rate segment operating income, as reconciled in the table below, and segment operating margin rate (segment operating income divided by sales) are non-gaap measures that reflect the combined operating income of our four segments less the operating income associated with intersegment sales. segment operating income includes pension expense allocated to our sectors under far and cas and excludes fas pension service expense and unallocated corporate items (certain corporate-level expenses, which are not considered allowable or allocable under applicable far and cas requirements, and costs not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance). these non-gaap measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental measures in evaluating the financial performance and operational trends of our sectors. these measures may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner and should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to operating results presented in accordance with gaap.
gain on sale of business                                                          (1,980)                           -                           -                         nm                        nm it services divestiture - unallowable state taxes and transaction costs               192                           -                           -                         nm                        nm intangible asset amortization and pp&amp;e step-up depreciation                       254                         322                         390                   (21)   %                  (17)   %
mtm-related deferred state tax expense (benefit)(1)                                   124                        (54)                        (81)                  (330)   %                  (33)   %
(1)represents the deferred state tax benefit associated with mtm benefit (expense), which is recorded in unallocated corporate expense consistent with other changes in deferred state taxes.
2021 segment operating income increased $29 million, or 1 percent. higher operating income at space systems and mission systems was driven by increased volume and improved performance. lower operating income at defense systems is due to the impact of the it services divestiture and lower operating income at aeronautics systems principally relates to net unfavorable eac adjustments on f-35. 2021 segment operating income from the it services business was $20 million as compared to $247 million in 2020. segment operating income includes a first quarter 2021 benefit of approximately $100 million due to the impact of lower overhead rates on the company's fixed price contracts. segment operating margin rate increased to 11.8 percent from 11.4 percent and reflects higher operating margin rates at mission systems, defense systems and space systems.
the increase in 2021 unallocated corporate income (expense) is primarily due to a $2.0 billion pre-tax gain on the sale of our it services business, partially offset by $192 million of unallowable state taxes and transaction costs associated with the divestiture. lower non-divestiture-related unallocated corporate expense reflects a $60 million benefit from insurance settlements related to shareholder litigation involving the former orbital atk prior to the company's acquisition, that was resolved in june 2019, as well as benefits recognized during the year associated with changes in deferred state taxes, partially offset by higher deferred state tax expense related to the company's 2021 mtm benefit.
2021 sales decreased $910 million, or 7 percent, due to lower volume in both manned aircraft and autonomous systems. lower sales reflect a $444 million sale of equipment to a restricted customer in 2020, $150 million of lower f-35 sales, lower a350 production activity, and lower volume on the b-2 defensive management systems modernization (dms) program and certain global hawk programs.
2021 sales decreased $1.8 billion, or 23 percent, primarily due to a $1.5 billion reduction in sales related to the it services divestiture. 2021 organic sales decreased $236 million, or 4 percent, due to $397 million lower sales in connection with the close-out of the contract at the army's lake city ammunition plant (lake city) and lower volume on an international training program, partially offset by higher volume on several programs including republic of korea global hawk contractor logistics support (rok global hawk cls), u.s. customs and border protection p-3 (cbp p-3), gmlrs, b-2 sustainment and advanced fuzes.
2021 operating income decreased $150 million, or 18 percent, due to the impact of the it services divestiture. operating margin rate increased to 12.0 percent from 11.2 percent and reflects improved performance at battle management and missile systems due to changes in mix as a result of recent contract completions.
2021 sales increased $54 million, or 1 percent, due to higher volume across the sector, partially offset by a $485 million reduction in sales related to the it services divestiture. 2021 organic sales increased $539 million, or 6 percent. maritime/land systems and sensors sales increased primarily due to $137 million higher volume on g/ator and higher marine systems volume. airborne multifunction sensors sales increased principally due to $105 million higher volume on airborne radar programs, including sabr, and higher restricted sales, partially offset by lower volume on airborne electronic warfare programs. navigation, targeting and survivability sales increased principally due to $124 million higher intercompany volume largely related to gbsd ramp-up. networked information solutions sales increased principally due to higher volume on electronic warfare programs, including jcrew, and higher intercompany volume, partially offset by lower volume on f-35 cni programs.
2021 operating income increased $120 million, or 8 percent, due to a higher operating margin rate and higher sales. operating margin rate increased to 15.6 percent from 14.5 percent due to higher net favorable eac adjustments, which reflect improved performance and the first quarter 2021 reduction in overhead rates, the favorable resolution of certain government accounting matters in the second quarter of 2021 and mix changes largely related to the it services divestiture.
2021 sales increased $1.9 billion, or 21 percent, due to higher volume in both the launch & strategic missiles and space business areas, partially offset by a $166 million reduction in sales related to the it services divestiture. 2021 organic sales increased $2.0 billion, or 24 percent. launch & strategic missiles sales increased primarily due to ramp-up on development programs, including a $1.1 billion increase on gbsd and a $206 million increase on ngi. space sales were driven by higher volume on restricted programs and increases of $192 million on artemis and $140 million on next gen opir.
2021 product sales increased $853 million, or 3 percent, due to ramp-up on development programs including gbsd and ngi at space systems, as well as higher volume on airborne radar and land systems programs at mission systems. the increase was partially offset by lower restricted sales and lower net favorable eac adjustments at aeronautics systems as well as close-out of the lake city contract at defense systems.
2021 product costs increased $676 million, or 3 percent, consistent with the higher product sales described above.
2021 service sales decreased $2.0 billion, or 20 percent, primarily due to the it services divestiture. year to date 2021 sales from the it services business, which were largely included in service sales, were $162 million as compared to $2.3 billion in the prior year period. the reductions associated with the it services divestiture were partially offset by higher volume on the rok global hawk cls and cbp p-3 programs at defense systems.
2021 service costs decreased $1.8 billion, or 21 percent, consistent with the lower service sales described above.
backlog backlog represents the future sales we expect to recognize on firm orders received by the company and is equivalent to the company's remaining performance obligations at the end of each period. it comprises both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is authorized and appropriated) and unfunded backlog. unexercised contract options
northrop grumman corporation and indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (idiq) contracts are not included in backlog until the time the option or idiq task order is exercised or awarded. backlog is converted into sales as costs are incurred or deliveries are made.
2021 net awards totaled $32.1 billion. significant 2021 new awards include $6.1 billion for restricted programs (primarily at space systems, mission systems and aeronautics systems), $3.2 billion for the sls booster production and operations contract, $2.6 billion for ngi, $2.2 billion for f-35, $1.0 billion for e-2 and $0.9 billion for nasa's halo module. in connection with the it services divestiture, the company reduced backlog by $1.4 billion during the first quarter of 2021 ($1.0 billion at defense systems, $0.2 billion at mission systems and $0.2 billion at space systems).
liquidity and capital resources we are focused on the efficient conversion of operating income into cash to provide for the company's material cash requirements, including working capital needs, satisfaction of contractual commitments, funding of our pension and opb plans, investment in our business through capital expenditures, and shareholder return through dividend payments and share repurchases.
as of december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $3.5 billion; $295 million was held outside of the u.s. by foreign subsidiaries. we expect cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operating activities, supplemented by borrowings under credit facilities, commercial paper and/or in the capital markets through our shelf registration with the sec, if needed, to be sufficient to provide liquidity to the company in the short-term and long-term. the company has a five-year senior unsecured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion, and in april 2021, we renewed our one-year $500 million uncommitted credit facility. at december 31, 2021, there was no balance outstanding under these credit facilities.
the company's principal contractual commitments include purchase obligations, repayments of long-term debt and related interest, and payments under operating leases. at december 31, 2021, we had $17.7 billion of purchase obligations, approximately half of which is short-term. purchase obligations are largely comprised of open purchase order commitments to suppliers and subcontractors under u.s. government contracts. in most circumstances, our risk associated with the purchase obligations on our u.s. government contracts is limited to the termination liability provisions within those contracts. as such, we do not believe they represent a material liquidity risk to the company. at december 31, 2021, we had capital expenditure commitments of $1.5 billion, which we expect to satisfy with cash on hand. we also had provisions for uncertain tax positions of $1.6 billion, some or all of which could result in future cash payments to various taxing authorities. at this time, we are unable to estimate the timing and amount of any future cash outflows related to these uncertain tax positions.
refer to the respective notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our share repurchase programs (note 3), commercial paper, credit facilities and long-term debt (note 10), standby letters of credit and guarantees (note 12), future minimum contributions for the company's pension and opb plans (note 13), and lease payment obligations (note 15).
covid-19 and the cares act the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") established a program with provisions to allow u.s. companies to defer the employer's portion of social security taxes between march 27, 2020 and december 31, 2020 and pay such taxes in two installments in 2021 and 2022. our first installment of deferred social security taxes of $200 million was paid in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the second installment of $200 million is due in the fourth quarter of 2022. under section 3610, the cares act also authorized the government to reimburse qualifying contractors for certain costs of providing paid leave to employees as a result of covid-19. the company continues to seek, and anticipates continuing to seek, recovery for certain covid-19-related costs under section
3610 of the cares act and through our contract provisions, though it is unclear what funds will be available and how much we will be able to recover. in addition, the dod has, to date, taken steps to increase the rate for certain progress payments from 80 percent to 90 percent for costs incurred and work performed on relevant contracts; it is unclear what steps the dod will continue to take.
cash flow measures in addition to our cash position, we consider various cash flow measures in capital deployment decision-making, including cash provided by operating activities and adjusted free cash flow, a non-gaap measure described in more detail below.
operating cash flow the table below summarizes key components of cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-cash items(1)                                          (1,510)                       1,799                       2,251
changes in trade working capital                               181                         227                         128
net cash provided by operating activities                   $3,567                      $4,305                      $4,297
(1)includes depreciation and amortization, non-cash lease expense, mtm benefit (expense), stock based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and net periodic pension and opb income.
2021 cash provided by operating activities decreased $738 million principally due to federal and state taxes of $785 million paid in connection with the it services divestiture. lower 2021 pension and opb contributions were largely offset by the impact of cares act social security tax deferrals and the 2020 increase in dod progress payment rates.
adjusted free cash flow adjusted free cash flow, as reconciled in the table below, is a non-gaap measure defined as net cash provided by or used in operating activities, less capital expenditures, plus proceeds from the sale of equipment to a customer (not otherwise included in net cash provided by or used in operating activities) and the after-tax impact of discretionary pension contributions. adjusted free cash flow includes proceeds from the sale of equipment to a customer as such proceeds were generated in a customer sales transaction. it also includes the after-tax impact of discretionary pension contributions for consistency and comparability of financial performance. this measure may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we use adjusted free cash flow as a key factor in our planning for, and consideration of, acquisitions, the payment of dividends and stock repurchases. this non-gaap measure may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as a supplemental measure of our cash performance, but should not be considered in isolation, as a measure of residual cash flow available for discretionary purposes, or as an alternative to operating cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to adjusted free cash flow:
net cash provided by operating activities                         $3,567                      $4,305                      $4,297                   (17)   %                   -   %
capital expenditures                                             (1,415)                     (1,420)                     (1,264)                      -   %                  12   %
2021 adjusted free cash flow decreased $1.4 billion, principally due to federal and state taxes of $785 million paid related to the it services divestiture as well as the impact of cares act social security tax deferrals and the 2020 increase in dod progress payment rates.
2021 net cash provided by investing activities was $2.1 billion compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1.2 billion in the prior year, principally due to $3.4 billion in cash received from the sale of our it services business during the first quarter of 2021.
2021 net cash used in financing activities increased $6.6 billion, principally due to an increase of $3.2 billion in share repurchases and $1.2 billion in debt repayments. 2020 net cash used in financing activities included $2.2 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with gaap, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. we employ judgment in making our estimates in consideration of historical experience, currently available information and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, and any such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the understanding of our consolidated financial statements and require the use of significant management judgment in their application. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition due to the long-term nature of our contracts, we generally recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost method, which requires us to make reasonably dependable estimates regarding the revenue and cost associated with the design, manufacture and delivery of our products and services.
contract sales may include estimates of variable consideration, including cost or performance incentives (such as award and incentive fees), contract claims and requests for equitable adjustment (reas). variable consideration is included in total estimated sales to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. we estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled.
our cost estimation process is based on the professional knowledge of our engineering, program management and financial professionals, and draws on their significant experience and judgment. we prepare eacs for our contracts and calculate an estimated contract profit based on total estimated contract sales and cost. since our contracts typically span a period of several years, estimation of revenue, cost, and progress toward completion requires the use of judgment. factors considered in these estimates include our historical performance, the availability, productivity and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of work to be performed, the effect of change orders, availability and cost of materials, components and subcontracts, the effect of any delays in performance and the level of indirect cost allocations.
we generally review and reassess our sales, cost and profit estimates for each significant contract at least annually or more frequently as determined by the occurrence of events, changes in circumstances and evaluations of contract performance to reflect the latest reliable information available. the company performs on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software, that often include technology at the forefront of science. cost estimates on fixed-price development contracts are inherently more uncertain as to future events than production contracts, and, as a result, there is typically more variability in those estimates, as well as financial risk associated with unanticipated cost growth. changes in estimates occur for a variety of reasons, including changes in contract scope, the resolution of risk at lower or higher cost than anticipated, unanticipated performance and other risks affecting contract costs, performance issues with subcontractors or suppliers, changes in indirect cost allocations, such as overhead and g&a costs, and changes in estimated award and incentive fees. identified risks typically include technical, schedule and/or performance risk based on our evaluation of the contract effort. similarly, the changes in estimates may include changes in, or resolution of, identified opportunities for operating margin improvement.
retirement benefits overview - the determination of projected benefit obligations, the fair value of plan assets, and pension and opb expense for our retirement benefit plans requires the use of estimates and actuarial assumptions. we perform an annual review of our actuarial assumptions in consultation with our actuaries. as we determine changes in the
northrop grumman corporation assumptions are warranted, or as a result of plan amendments, future pension and opb expense and our projected benefit obligation could increase or decrease. the principal estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations are the discount rate, cash balance crediting rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, estimated fair market value of plan assets, and the mortality rate of those covered by our pension and opb plans. the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions (i.e., actuarial gains or losses) are recognized immediately through earnings upon annual remeasurement in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis as triggering events warrant remeasurement.
discount rate - the discount rate represents the interest rate used to determine the present value of future cash flows currently expected to be required to settle our pension and opb obligations. the discount rate is generally based on the yield of high-quality corporate fixed-income investments. at the end of each year, we determine the discount rate using a theoretical bond portfolio model of bonds rated aa or better to match the notional cash outflows related to projected benefit payments for each of our significant benefit plans. taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted-average composite pension discount rate was 2.98 percent at december 31, 2021 and 2.68 percent at december 31, 2020.
the effects of a hypothetical change in the discount rate may be nonlinear and asymmetrical for future years as the discount rate changes. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2021 discount rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on 2021 pension and opb obligations, which would be reflected in the 2021 mtm expense (benefit), and 2022 expected pension and opb expense:
2021 pension and opb obligation and mtm expense (benefit)                    $1,343                                        $(1,274)
2022 pension and opb (benefit) expense                      (44)                40
cash balance crediting rate - a portion of the company's pension obligation and resulting pension expense is based on a cash balance formula, where participants' hypothetical account balances are accumulated over time with pay-based credits and interest. interest is credited monthly using the current 30-year treasury bond rate. the interest crediting rate is part of the cash balance formula and independent of actual pension investment earnings. the cash balance crediting rate used for fas purposes tends to move in concert with the discount rate but has an offsetting effect on pension benefit obligations and the related mtm expense (benefit). the minimum cash balance crediting rate allowed under the plan is 2.25 percent. the cash balance crediting rate assumption has been set to the minimum threshold of 2.25 percent as of december 31, 2021, and will remain at 2.25 percent through 2027. holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the december 31, 2021 cash balance crediting rate assumption would have the following estimated effects on the 2021 pension benefit obligation, which would be reflected in the 2021 mtm expense (benefit), and 2022 expected pension expense:
2021 pension obligation and mtm expense (benefit)                        $-                                            $151
2022 pension (benefit) expense                         -                10
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets (eroa) assumption reflects the average rate of net earnings we expect on current and future benefit plan investments. eroa is a long-term assumption, which we review annually and adjust to reflect changes in our long-term view of expected market returns and/or significant changes in our plan asset investment policy. due to the inherent uncertainty of this assumption, we consider multiple data points at the measurement date including the plan's target asset allocation, historical asset returns and third party projection models of expected long-term returns for each of the plans' strategic asset classes. in addition to the data points themselves, we consider trends in the data points, including changes from the prior measurement date. the eroa assumptions we use for pension benefits are consistent with those used for opb plans; however, we reduce the eroa for opb plans to allow for the impact of tax on investment earnings, as certain voluntary employee beneficiary association trusts are taxable.
during 2021, the investment committee of the company's benefit plans reviewed and approved the plans' major asset class allocations. the current asset allocation is approximately 40% public equities, 30% fixed-income, 25%
northrop grumman corporation alternatives and 5% cash. at this time, the investment committee is not planning any significant changes to that mix. for further information on plan asset investments, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
while historical market returns are not necessarily predictive of future market returns, given our long history of plan performance supported by the stability in our investment mix, investment managers, and active asset management, we believe our actual historical performance is a reasonable metric to consider when developing our eroa. our average annual rate of return from 1976 to 2021 was approximately 11.2 percent and our 20-year and 30-year rolling average rates of return were approximately 8.8 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively, each determined on an arithmetic basis and net of expenses. our 2021 actual net plan asset returns were approximately 10.9 percent.
consistent with our past practice, we obtained long-term capital market forecasting models from several third parties and, using our target asset allocation, developed an expected rate of return on plan assets from each model. we considered not only the specific returns projected by those third party models, but also changes in the models year-to-year when developing our eroa.
2022 pension and opb expense (benefit)                     $92             $(92)
in addition, holding all other assumptions constant, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in actual versus expected return on plan assets would have the following estimated effects on our 2022 mtm expense (benefit):
2022 mtm expense (benefit)                      $369              $(369)
estimated fair market value of plan assets - for certain plan assets where the fair market value is not readily determinable, such as real estate, private equity, hedge funds and opportunistic investments, we develop estimates of fair value using the best information available. estimated fair values on these plan assets are based on redemption values and net asset values (nav), as well as valuation methodologies that include third party appraisals, comparable transactions, discounted cash flow valuation models and public market data.
mortality rate - mortality assumptions are used to estimate life expectancies of plan participants. in october 2014, the society of actuaries retirement plans experience committee (rpec) issued updated mortality tables and a mortality improvement scale, which reflected longer life expectancies than previously projected. in october 2019, the rpec issued an updated mortality base table (the private retirement plans mortality table for 2012 (pri-2012)), which we adopted after reviewing our own historical mortality experience. in october 2021, the rpec released a new projection scale (mp-2021) that included additional underlying data for 2019, which included an increase in life expectancies relative to the prior year.
after considering the information released by the rpec in october 2021 as well as the company's recent mortality experience in light of the covid-19 pandemic, we adopted the full mp-2021 projection scale while continuing to use the pri-2012 white collar table. accordingly, we updated the mortality assumptions used in calculating our pension and opb obligations recognized at december 31, 2021, and the amounts estimated for our 2022 pension and opb expense.
litigation, commitments and contingencies we are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, lawsuits, overhead cost claims, environmental matters, income tax matters and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment based upon the professional knowledge and experience of management. we determine whether to record a reserve and, if so, what amount based on consideration of the facts and circumstances of each matter as then known to us. determinations regarding whether to record a reserve and, if so, of what amount, reflect management's assessment regarding what is
environmental matters - we are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do or have done business. factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of reasonably estimated costs and environmental accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions; changes in the estimated time required to conduct remedial actions; discovery of more or less extensive (or different) contamination than anticipated; information regarding the potential causes and effects of contamination; results of efforts to involve other responsible parties; financial capabilities of other responsible parties; changes in laws and regulations, their interpretation or application; contractual obligations affecting remediation or responsibilities; and improvements in remediation technology. as we expect to be able to recover a portion of environmental remediation liabilities through overhead charges on government contracts, such amounts are deferred in prepaid expenses and other current assets (current portion) and other non-current assets until charged to contracts. we use judgment to evaluate the recoverability of our environmental remediation costs, assessing, among other things, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government contract mix and past practices. portions of the company's environmental liabilities we do not expect to be recoverable have been expensed.
income tax matters - the evaluation of tax positions taken in a filed tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim, requires the use of judgment. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when, despite the belief that our tax positions are supportable, there remains uncertainty in a tax position taken in our filed tax returns or planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim. the company follows a recognition and measurement approach, considering the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. judgment is exercised by the company in determining the level of evidence necessary and appropriate to support its assessment using all available information. the technical merits of a given tax position are derived from sources of authority in the tax law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the position. in measuring the tax position, the company considers the amounts and probabilities of the outcomes that could be realized upon settlement. when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, we record the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. to the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of reserves, there could be a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and annual results of operations. our 2021 increase in unrecognized tax benefits of $149 million was primarily related to our methods of accounting associated with the timing of revenue recognition and related costs and the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, which includes related final revenue recognition regulations issued in december 2020 under irc section 451(b) and procedural guidance issued in august 2021.
for further information on litigation, commitments and contingencies, see "risk factors" and note 1, note 7, note 11 and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and other purchased intangible assets overview - we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the underlying tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values, with the excess recorded as goodwill. such fair value assessments require judgments and estimates that can be affected by contract performance and other factors over time, which may cause final amounts to differ materially from original estimates. adjustments to the fair value of purchased assets and liabilities after the initial measurement period are recognized in net earnings.
we recognize purchased intangible assets in connection with our business acquisitions at fair value on the acquisition date. the most significant purchased intangible assets recognized from our acquisitions are generally customer-related intangible assets, including customer contracts and commercial customer relationships. we determine the fair value of those customer-related intangible assets based on estimates and judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates and discount rates. in some cases, we use discounted cash flow analyses, which are based on estimates of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering such factors as general market conditions, customer budgets, existing firm and future orders, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance.
impairment testing - we test for impairment of goodwill annually at each of our reporting units, which comprise our operating segments. the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, indicated that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value. there were no impairment charges recorded in the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
northrop grumman corporation in addition to performing an annual goodwill impairment test, we may perform an interim impairment test if events occur or circumstances change that suggest goodwill in any of our reporting units may be impaired. such indicators may include, but are not limited to, the loss of significant business, significant reductions in federal government appropriations or other significant adverse changes in industry or market conditions. during 2021, we considered covid-19-related impacts on our business and determined there were no impairment indicators requiring us to perform an interim goodwill impairment test.
when testing goodwill for impairment, we compare the fair values of each of our reporting units to their respective carrying values. to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we primarily use the income approach based on the cash flows we expect the reporting units to generate in the future, consistent with our operating plans. this income valuation method requires management to project sales, operating expenses, working capital, capital spending and cash flows for the reporting units over a multi-year period, as well as to determine the weighted-average cost of capital (wacc) used as a discount rate and terminal value assumptions. the wacc takes into account the relative weights of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital adjusted as appropriate to consider lower risk profiles associated with longer-term contracts and barriers to market entry. the terminal value assumptions are applied to the final year of the discounted cash flow model. we use industry multiples (including relevant control premiums) of operating earnings to corroborate the fair values of our reporting units determined under the market valuation method of the income approach.
impairment assessment inherently involves management judgments as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business' fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill and other purchased intangible assets, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the results of our impairment analysis.