item 1a.   risk factors.
the following are significant risks which could have a material negative impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
business and industry risks commercial truck market demand is variable. the company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. the yearly demand for commercial vehicles may increase or decrease more than overall gross domestic product in markets the company serves, which are principally north america and europe. demand for commercial vehicles may also be affected by the introduction of new vehicles and technologies by the company or its competitors.
competition and prices. the company operates in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect the company's sales and pricing. financial results depend largely on the ability to develop, manufacture and market competitive products that profitably meet customer demand.
production costs, capacity and inflation. the company's products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. commodity or component price increases, cost pressures due to inflation, significant shortages of component products and labor availability may adversely impact the company's financial results or use of its production capacity. many of the company's suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers and the company. supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers' products exceeds their production capacity. unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or global pandemics, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations.
the automotive industry is currently experiencing a semiconductor supply shortage that is having wide-ranging effects across the automotive supply chain including some of the company's suppliers. during 2021, the shortage has had an impact on the ability of the company to deliver products to dealers and customers. if the semiconductor supply shortage continues, the company anticipates that production will be impacted in 2022.
liquidity risks, credit ratings and costs of funds. disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers and suppliers. a lowering of the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets. the company's financial services segment obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt. if the markets for commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the financial services segment may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets. this could result in a reduction of the number of vehicles the company is able to produce and sell to customers.
the financial services industry is highly competitive. the company's financial services segment competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both. a decline in the company's truck unit sales and a decrease in used truck prices are also factors which may affect the company's financial services segment.
the financial services segment is subject to credit risk. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the company. although the financial assets of the financial services segment are secured by underlying equipment collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the company, there is a risk that the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the company, resulting in credit losses.
interest-rate risks. the financial services segment is subject to interest-rate risks, because increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins. pfs uses derivative contracts to match the interest-rate characteristics of its debt to the interest rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates.
information technology. the company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. these computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. the company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. examples of these protections include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. additionally, the company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss.
if the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. security breaches could also result in a violation of u.s. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. these events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace.
political, regulatory and economic risks multinational operations. the company's global operations are exposed to political, economic and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the company operates. the company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, wars, terrorism and labor strikes. changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and international trade policies may impact demand for the company's products, financial results and competitive position. paccar's global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and anti-corruption laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs.
covid-19 pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic and various governmental responses to contain the outbreak continue to impact global economic activity and the company's business. the economic disruptions from the pandemic are having an adverse effect on the company's revenues and operating results. the company's workforce at a given location could be affected by a localized outbreak of covid-19, necessitating facility slowdowns or shutdowns. as a result of pandemic-related economic disruptions, if one or more of the company's suppliers could not produce needed parts or deliver at sufficient volumes to support the company's production plans or aftermarket requirements, revenues and operating results could be adversely affected.
the full extent and duration of the adverse effect on the company's business is uncertain and depends on the duration of the pandemic and the extent global and local economies are impacted by the effects of the pandemic. changes to consumer behavior and labor markets as a result of covid-19, as well as other pandemic related economic factors such as business failures, lower housing and construction starts, lower automobile sales, disruptions in financial markets or disruptions to the global supply chain, in particular the undersupply of semiconductor chips, could have further adverse effects on the company's truck and parts revenues and operating results and may result in lower new truck financing volume, higher finance portfolio past dues, credit losses and used truck losses. other unforeseen impacts of the covid-19 pandemic could also impact the company's business and results of operations.
london inter-bank offered rate (libor) transition. certain financing provided by pfs to dealers and retail customers, as well as financing extended to pfs are based on variable interest rate contracts. these contracts utilize various benchmark rates, including libor, to establish applicable contract interest rates. paccar also utilizes hedging instruments and has line of credit arrangements which reference libor (including other similar benchmark rates). on march 5, 2021, the u.k. financial conduct authority formally announced dates that various libor rates will either stop being published or will be deemed as not representative. certain tenors of u.s. libor will be published through june 30, 2023, at which point they will have deemed to have lost representativeness.
substantially all of the company's contracts which reference libor, including dealer wholesale financing contracts, retail loan and lease contracts, medium-term notes, hedging instruments and line of credit arrangements, include fall-back language that specifies the methods to establish contract interest rates in the absence of libor, or provide for the use of an alternative benchmark rate should libor be discontinued. alternative benchmark rates are now being used for all new retail loan and lease contracts.
the company has retail loan and lease contracts with a december 31, 2021 balance of approximately $47 million, or less than 1% of pfs assets, referencing libor that extend beyond june 30, 2023 and do not contain fall-back language or provide for the use of an alternative benchmark rate. the company will seek to amend these contracts to allow for the use of an alternative benchmark rate.
changes to benchmark rates will have an uncertain impact on finance receivables and other financial obligations, the company's current or future cost of funds and/or access to capital markets. the company will attempt to minimize the impact of differences between the current and replacement benchmark rates through pricing adjustments on the financing provided by pfs, but it is not certain the company will be able to do so. based on the current balance of finance contracts referencing libor, it is estimated that for a 10 basis point difference between the current and replacement benchmark rates that the company is unable to recover through pricing adjustments, income before income taxes would decrease by approximately $.7 million. accordingly, the company does not expect the anticipated changes to the use of libor as a benchmark rate will have a material impact on the results of operations.
environmental regulations. the company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. the company could experience higher research and development and manufacturing costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas or other regulations.
litigation, product liability and regulatory. the company's products are subject to recall for environmental, performance and safety-related issues. product recalls, lawsuits, regulatory actions or increases in the reserves the company establishes for contingencies may increase the company's costs and lower profits. due to the international nature of the company's business, some products are also subject to international trade regulations, including customs and import / export related laws and regulations, government embargoes and sanctions prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries, as well as anti-corruption laws. the company's reputation and its brand names are valuable assets, and claims or regulatory actions, even if unsuccessful or without merit, could adversely affect the company's reputation and brand images because of adverse publicity.
currency exchange and translation. the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars, while significant operations are denominated in the currencies of other countries. currency exchange rate fluctuations can affect the company's assets, liabilities and results of operations through both translation and transaction risk, as reported in the company's financial statements. the company uses certain derivative financial instruments and localized production of its products to reduce, but not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
accounting estimates. in the preparation of the company's financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses and product warranty are particularly sensitive. if actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements. for additional disclosures regarding accounting estimates, see "critical accounting policies" under item 7 of this form 10-k.
taxes. changes in statutory income tax rates in the countries in which the company operates impact the company's effective tax rate. changes to other taxes or the adoption of other new tax legislation could affect the company's provision for income taxes and related tax assets and liabilities.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
paccar is a global technology company whose truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks. in north america, trucks are sold under the kenworth and peterbilt nameplates, in europe, under the daf nameplate and in australia and south america, under the kenworth and daf nameplates. the parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. the company's financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing paccar products in north america, europe, australia, and south america. the company's other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches.
•   capital investments were $511.8 million in 2021 compared to $569.5 million in 2020.
•   after-tax return on beginning equity (roe) was 17.8% in 2021 compared to 13.4% in 2020.
the company launched new daf xf, xg and xg+ truck models in 2021, which provide unsurpassed performance including up to a 10% fuel efficiency gain, side view cameras, larger interior space and a customizable digital dashboard. the trucks' streamlined silhouette incorporates the new european regulations governing truck design.
the company began production of the next generation kenworth t680 and peterbilt 579 heavy-duty truck models, offering major enhancements in uptime, connectivity technology, aerodynamics, fuel-efficiency and driver comfort in the third quarter of 2021. the new models feature paccar mx-13 and mx-11 engines with the integrated paccar transmission for up to a 7% increase in fuel-efficiency.
paccar began production of seven battery electric vehicle models in 2021 for peterbilt, kenworth and daf customers. paccar battery electric heavy- and medium-duty vehicles provide competitive total cost of ownership for customers operating in city and regional haul, port drayage and refuse applications.
the paccar financial services (pfs) group of companies has operations covering four continents and 26 countries. the global breadth of pfs and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets of $15.42 billion. pfs issued $1.97 billion in medium-term notes during 2021 to support new business volume and repay maturing debt.
truck outlook heavy-duty truck industry retail sales in the u.s. and canada in 2022 are expected to be 250,000 to 290,000 units compared to 250,000 in 2021. in europe, the 2022 truck industry registrations for over 16-tonne vehicles are expected to be 260,000 to 300,000 units compared to 278,000 in 2021. in south america, heavy-duty truck industry registrations in 2022 are projected to be 125,000 to 135,000 compared to 127,000 in 2021.
parts outlook in 2022, paccar parts sales are expected to increase 6-9% compared to 2021 levels reflecting strong freight demand. if economic conditions were to worsen, lower freight volumes could reduce the demand for replacement parts, resulting in lower parts revenues and operating results.
financial services outlook in 2022, average earning assets are expected to be similar to 2021. current high levels of freight tonnage, freight rates and fleet utilization are contributing to customers' profitability and cash flow. if current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels and new business volume would likely decline.
capital spending and r&d outlook capital investments in 2022 are expected to be $425 to $475 million, and r&d is expected to be $350 to $400 million. the company is increasing its investment in clean diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, autonomous systems, connected vehicle services, next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
the company's results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 are presented below. for information on the year ended december 31, 2019, refer to part ii, item 7 in the 2020 annual report on form 10-k.
the following provides an analysis of the results of operations for the company's three reportable segments - truck, parts and financial services. where possible, the company has quantified the impact of factors identified in the following discussion and analysis. in cases where it is not possible to quantify the impact of factors, the company lists them in estimated order of importance. factors for which the company is unable to specifically quantify the impact include market demand, fuel prices, freight tonnage, economic conditions and covid-19 related factors affecting the company's results of operations.
total units                                       162,700        133,300            22
market share data discussed below is provided by third-party sources and is measured by either registrations or retail sales for the company's dealer network as a percentage of total registrations or retail sales depending on the geographic market. in the u.s. and canada, market share is based on retail sales. in europe, market share is based primarily on registrations.
in 2021, industry retail sales in the heavy-duty market in the u.s. and canada increased to 249,900 units from 216,500 units in 2020. the company's heavy-duty truck retail market share was 29.2% in 2021 compared to 30.1% in 2020. the medium-duty market was 83,700 units in 2021 compared to 74,400 units in 2020. the company's medium-duty market share was 19.8% in 2021 compared to 22.6% in 2020.
the over 16‐tonne truck market in europe in 2021 increased to 278,000 units from 230,400 units in 2020, and daf's market share was 15.9% in 2021 compared to 16.3% in 2020. the 6 to 16‐tonne market was 41,400 units in 2021 and 2020. daf's market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2021 was 10.1% compared to 9.5% in 2020.
the company's worldwide truck net sales and revenues increased to $16.80 billion in 2021 from $13.16 billion in 2020 due to higher truck deliveries in all markets. truck segment income before income taxes and pretax return on revenues reflect higher truck unit deliveries, primarily due to increased demand in all markets. in both 2021 and 2020, truck segment income before taxes and pretax return on revenues reflect the tempering of truck unit deliveries due to the covid-19 pandemic. in 2021, truck deliveries and margins were impacted by the global semiconductor supply shortage.
•   truck sales volume reflects higher unit deliveries in all markets, primarily in the u.s. and canada ($1.43 billion sales and $1.19 billion cost of sales), and europe ($884.5 million sales and $750.8 million cost of sales) due to increased demand.
new loan and lease unit volume:
pfs income before income taxes increased to a record $437.6 million in 2021 from $223.1 million in 2020, primarily due to improved used truck results and a lower provision for credit losses. the effect of currency translation increased 2021 pfs income before income taxes by $8.8 million.
included in financial services "other assets" on the company's consolidated balance sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of $92.1 million at december 31, 2021 and $375.8 million at december 31, 2020. these trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also include trucks acquired from repossessions,  through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales and trucks returned from residual value guarantees (rvgs).
the company recognized gains on used trucks, excluding repossessions, of $30.3 million in 2021 compared to losses of $88.2 million in 2020, including losses on multiple unit transactions of $17.7 million in 2021 compared to $38.6 million in 2020. used truck gains in 2021 and losses in 2020 related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit losses, were insignificant.
•   higher market prices and a higher sales volume of used trucks received on trade and upon rvg contract expiration increased operating lease, rental and other revenues by $81.4 million. higher lease portfolio unit sales volume increased depreciation and other expenses by $72.5 million.
•   results on returned lease assets decreased depreciation and other expenses by $107.4 million primarily due to gains on sales on returned lease units in 2021 compared to losses in 2020 and lower impairments in europe and the u.s. as a result of higher used truck market values.
the following table summarizes the provision (benefit) for losses on receivables and net charge-offs:
the provision for losses on receivables decreased to $.5 million in 2021 from $28.8 million in 2020, primarily reflecting strong portfolio performance in 2021, and 2020 included higher provisioning due to weakening economic conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic and a credit loss on a fleet customer in the u.s.
the company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its financial services operations. the company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. the company's modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. when considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. when the
company modifies a loan or finance lease for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modification is classified as a troubled debt restructuring (tdr).
credit - no concession               52.3         .5              %                120.2                   1.2   %
credit - tdr                          8.0         .1              %                 74.7                    .8   %
in 2021, total modification activity decreased compared to 2020. the increase in modifications for commercial reasons primarily reflects higher volumes of refinancing. the decrease in modifications for insignificant delay reflects fleet customers requesting payment relief for up to three months related to the covid-19 pandemic in 2020. the decrease in modifications for credit - no concession is primarily due to lower volumes of refinancing and requests for payment relief in mexico and europe. the decrease in modifications for credit - tdr is primarily due to 2020 contract modifications of two fleet customers in the u.s. and four fleet customers in mexico.
modifications of accounts in prior quarters that were more than 30 days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at december 31, 2021 and 2020. the effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
other income before tax was $25.6 million in 2021 compared to $18.2 million in 2020. the increase was primarily due to a higher benefit from non-service components of pension expense, partially offset by higher salaries and related expenses.
income taxes in 2021, the effective tax rate was 22.1% compared to 21.7% in 2020. the higher effective tax rate in 2021 was primarily due to the change in mix of income generated in jurisdictions with higher tax rates in 2021 as compared to 2020.
liquidity and capital resources:
marketable securities              1,559.4          1,429.0
the company's total cash and marketable securities at december 31, 2021 increased $19.1 million from the balances at december 31, 2020. total cash and marketable securities are primarily intended to provide liquidity while preserving capital.
operating activities:
net income items not affecting cash                            711.2               1,097.7
changes in operating assets and liabilities, net              (351.5   )             776.0
net cash provided by operating activities                    2,186.7               2,987.2
net cash used in investing activities                       (1,362.7   )          (1,875.8   )
net cash used in financing activities                         (882.9   )          (1,808.5   )
operating activities: cash provided by operations decreased by $800.5 million to $2.19 billion in 2021 from $2.99 billion in 2020. lower operating cash flows reflect lower cash receipts from wholesale receivables in the financial services segment of $780.4 million, higher cash usage of $562.1 million for inventories and lower cash receipts from accounts receivables of $534.7 million as there were fewer receipts in 2021 compared to collections exceeding sales in 2020. additionally, lower operating cash flows reflect higher cash outflows for payment of income taxes of $387.1 million. this was partially offset by higher cash inflows of $747.0 million from accounts payable and accrued expenses as purchases of goods and services exceeded payments in 2021 compared to 2020 when payments exceeded purchases. additionally, the lower operating cash flows were offset by higher net income of $553.7 million and lower pension contributions of $159.8 million compared to 2020.
investing activities:  cash used in investing activities decreased by $513.1 million to $1.36 billion in 2021 from $1.88 billion in 2020. lower net cash used in investing activities primarily reflects higher proceeds from asset disposals of $302.2 million and lower net originations from retail loans and financing leases of $208.0 million.
financing activities:  cash used in financing activities decreased $925.6 million to $882.9 million in 2021 compared to $1,808.5 million in 2020. cash used by borrowing activities in 2021 was $210.9 million, $369.4 million lower than the cash used by borrowing activities of $580.3 million in 2020. the company repurchased .02 million shares of common stock for $1.5 million in 2021 compared to the repurchase of .7 million shares for $42.1 million in 2020. in addition, the company paid $708.0 million in dividends in 2021 compared to $1,239.8 million in 2020 due to a lower extra dividend paid in january 2021.
the company expects to continue paying dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent upon future earnings, capital requirements and financial conditions. cash dividends declared for the last two years were as follows:
credit lines and other:
the company has line of credit arrangements of $3.60 billion, of which $3.32 billion were unused at december 31, 2021. included in these arrangements are $3.00 billion of committed bank facilities, of which $1.00 billion expires in june 2022, $1.00 billion expires in june 2024 and $1.00 billion expires in june 2026. the company intends to extend or replace these credit facilities on or before expiration to maintain facilities of similar amounts and duration. these credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings and maturing medium-term notes. there were no borrowings under the committed bank facilities for the year ended december 31, 2021.
truck, parts and other the company provides funding for working capital, capital expenditures, r&d, dividends, stock repurchases and other business initiatives and commitments primarily from cash provided by operations. management expects this method of funding to continue in the future.
investments for manufacturing property, plant and equipment in 2021 were $495.6 million compared to $558.8 million in 2020. over the past decade, the company's combined investments in worldwide capital projects and r&d totaled $7.21 billion and have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the company's premium products.
capital investments in 2022 are expected to be $425 to $475 million, and r&d is expected to be $350 to $400 million. the company is increasing its investment in clean diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, autonomous systems, connected vehicle services, next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
financial services the company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. the primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets and, to a lesser extent, bank loans.
in november 2021, the company's u.s. finance subsidiary, paccar financial corp. (pfc), filed a shelf registration under the securities act of 1933. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfc as of december 31, 2021 was $5.50 billion. in february 2022, pfc issued $300.0 million of medium-term notes under this registration. the registration expires in november 2024 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during that period.
in august 2021, paccar financial mexico registered a 10.00 billion mexican peso program with the comision nacional bancaria y de valores to issue medium-term notes and commercial paper. the registration expires in august 2026 and limits the amount of commercial paper (up to one year) to 5.00 billion mexican pesos. at december 31, 2021, 9.54 billion mexican pesos were available for issuance.
in august 2018, the company's australian subsidiary, paccar financial pty. ltd. (pfpl), registered a medium-term note program. the program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfpl as of december 31, 2021 was 700.0 million australian dollars.
the program does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under the program. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfl canada as of december 31, 2021 was 150.0 million canadian dollars.
the company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings of a+/a1 will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. in the event of a decrease in the company's credit ratings or a disruption in the financial markets, the company may not be able to refinance its maturing debt in the financial markets. in such circumstances, the company would be exposed to liquidity risk to the degree that the timing of debt maturities differs from the timing of receivable collections from customers. the company believes its various sources of liquidity, including committed bank facilities, would continue to provide it with sufficient funding resources to service its maturing debt obligations.
commitments the following summarizes the company's contractual cash commitments at december 31, 2021:
maturity
($ in millions)           within 1                 1-3                 3-5         more than           total year               years               years         5 years borrowings*               $5,302.9            $4,075.4            $1,075.1                         $10,453.4
lease liabilities             15.0                14.7                 4.5         $3.4                 37.6
total cash commitments for borrowings and interest on term debt were $10.61 billion and were related to the financial services segment. as described in note j of the consolidated financial statements, borrowings consist primarily of term notes and commercial paper issued by the financial services segment. the company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of
commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. purchase obligations are the company's contractual commitments to acquire future production inventory and capital equipment. other obligations primarily include commitments to purchase energy.
the company's other commitments include the following at december 31, 2021:
commitment expiration
($ in millions)                 within 1                 1-3                 3-5             more than            total year               years               years               5 years loan and lease commitments      $2,085.8                                                                       $2,085.8
letters of credit                   10.1                  .3                                      12.1             22.5
loan and lease commitments are for funding new retail loan and lease contracts. residual value guarantees represent the company's commitment to acquire trucks at a guaranteed value if the customer decides to return the truck at a specified date in the future.
the company, its competitors and industry in general are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment. the company believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred.
the company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters. in certain of these matters, the company has been designated as a "potentially responsible party" by domestic and foreign environmental agencies. the company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. expenditures related to environmental activities in the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were $4.0 million and $1.9 million, respectively. while the timing and amount of the ultimate costs associated with future environmental cleanup cannot be determined, management expects that these matters will not have a significant effect on the company's consolidated cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
critical accounting policies:
the company's significant accounting policies are disclosed in note a of the consolidated financial statements. in the preparation of the company's financial statements, in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. the following are accounting policies which, in the opinion of management, are particularly sensitive and which, if actual results are different from estimates used by management, may have a material impact on the financial statements.
operating leases trucks sold pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases are disclosed in note f of the consolidated financial statements. in determining its estimate of the residual value of such vehicles, the company considers the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand. operating lease terms generally range from three to five years. the resulting residual values on operating leases generally range between 30% and 70% of the original equipment cost. if the sales price of a truck at the end of the term of the agreement differs from the company's estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result.
future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the company's control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts. residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant. a decrease in the estimated equipment residual values would increase annual depreciation expense over the remaining lease term.
during 2021, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity were generally higher than the residual values on the equipment, resulting in a decrease in depreciation expense of $21.8 million.    at december 31, 2021, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases in the financial services segment and residual value guarantee on trucks accounted for as operating leases in the truck segment was $2.17 billion. a 10% decrease in used truck values worldwide, if expected to persist over the remaining maturities of the company's operating leases, would reduce residual value estimates and result in the company recording additional depreciation expense of approximately $84.1 million in 2022, $53.1 in 2023, $55.0 in 2024, $16.7 in 2025 and $8.5 in 2026 and thereafter.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses related to the company's loans and finance leases is disclosed in note e of the consolidated financial statements. the company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. the retail segment consists of retail loans and finance leases, net of unearned interest. the wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. the wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer's financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets. in determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over three to five years, and they are secured by the same type of collateral. the allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves.
the company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. a finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. in addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as tdrs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status. impaired accounts classified as tdrs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the company will collect all principal and interest payments.
impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent. large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses. the determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral. when the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the company's amortized cost basis, no reserve is recorded. small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss and economic forecasts information discussed below.
the company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired and share similar risk characteristics on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data, current market conditions, and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions that affect collectability. historical credit loss information provides relevant information of expected credit losses. the historical information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, and the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse.
the company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. a projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the company's borrowers and their ability to repay. adjustments to historical loss information are made for changes in forecasted economic conditions that are specific to the industry and markets in which the company conducts business. the company utilizes economic forecasts from third party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. after determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management's estimate of expected credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio.
the adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. as accounts become past due, the likelihood that they will not be fully collected increases. the company's experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 30% and 70%. over the past two years, the company's year-end 30+ days past due accounts have ranged between .3% and .5% of loan and lease receivables. historically, a 100 basis point increase in the 30+ days past due percentage has resulted in an increase in credit losses of 3 to 44 basis points of receivables. at december 31, 2021, 30+ days past dues were .3%. if past dues were 100 basis points higher or 1.3% as of december 31, 2021, the company's estimate of credit losses would likely have increased by a range of $3 to $44 million depending on the extent of the past dues, the estimated value of the collateral as compared to amounts owed and general economic factors.
product warranty product warranty, including changes in estimates for pre-existing warranties, is disclosed in note i of the consolidated financial statements. the expenses related to product warranty are estimated and recorded at the time products are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries. estimates consider product type, geographical differences, labor rates, and any other known factors affecting the number or amount of expected claim payments. for new products with no historical experience, reference to similar products is utilized. management takes actions to minimize warranty costs through quality-improvement programs; however, actual claim costs incurred could materially differ from the estimated amounts and require adjustments to the reserve. historically those adjustments have not been material. over the past two years, warranty expense as a percentage of truck, parts and other net sales and revenues has ranged between 1.6% and 2.2%. if the 2021 warranty expense had been .2% higher as a percentage of net sales and revenues in 2021, warranty expense would have increased by approximately $44 million.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement that does not relate to any historical or current fact. such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results. risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: a significant decline in industry sales; competitive pressures; reduced market share; reduced availability of or higher prices for fuel; increased safety, emissions, or other regulations or tariffs resulting in higher costs and/or sales restrictions; currency or commodity price fluctuations; lower used truck prices; insufficient or under-utilization of manufacturing capacity; supplier interruptions; insufficient liquidity in the capital markets; fluctuations in interest rates; changes in the levels of the financial services segment new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new paccar truck sales or reduced market shares; changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators; price changes impacting truck sales prices and residual values; insufficient supplier capacity or access to raw materials and components, including semiconductors; labor disruptions; shortages of commercial truck drivers; increased warranty costs; pandemics; litigation, including european commission (ec) settlement-related claims; or legislative and governmental regulations. a more detailed description of these and other risks is included under the heading part i, item 1a, "risk factors" and in note l in the notes to consolidated financial statements of this annual report on form 10-k.